                       H Share Stock Code: 2238
                       A Share Stock Code: 601238




廣州汽車集團股份有限公司




  2023 Annual Report
                                                    ANNUAL REPORT
Contents
5     Chapter 1     Chairman’s Statement

13    Chapter 2     Corporate Profile and Summary of Business

23    Chapter 3     Management Discussion and Analysis

58    Chapter 4     Corporate Governance

116   Chapter 5     Report of the Directors

121   Chapter 6     Report of the Supervisory Committee

127   Chapter 7     Environmental and Social Responsibility

130   Chapter 8     Significant Events

175   Chapter 9     Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders

186   Chapter 10 Bonds

189   Chapter 11 Financial Statements

      Awards and Honours

      Definitions
     IMPORTANT NOTICE
    1.   The Board, Supervisory Committee and the directors,
         supervisors and senior management of the Company,
         warrant the authenticity, accuracy and completeness of the
         information contained in the annual report. There are no
         misrepresentations, misleading statements contained in or
         material omissions from the annual report and they shall
         assume joint and several responsibilities.

    2.   All directors of the Company have attended the meeting of
         the Board.


    3.   PricewaterhouseCoopers issued an unqualified auditor’s
         report for the Company.


    4.   Zeng Qinghong, the person in charge of the Company,
         Feng Xingya, the general manager, Wang Dan, the person
         in charge of accounting function and Zheng Chao, the
         manager of the accounting department (Accounting Chief),
         represent that they warrant the truthfulness, accuracy and
         completeness of the financial statements contained in this
         annual report.


    5.   The proposal for profit distribution or conversion of capital
         reserve into shares for the reporting period as resolved by
         the Board
         The Board proposed payment of final cash dividend of RMB1 per 10 shares (tax inclusive). Together
         with the cash dividend of RMB0.5 per 10 shares (including tax) paid during the interim period, the
         ratio of total cash dividend payment for the year to net profit attributable to the shareholders’
         equity of listed company for the year would be approximately 36%.



    6.   Risks relating to forward-looking statements
         The forward-looking statements contained in this annual report regarding the Company’s future
         plans and development strategies do not constitute any substantive commitment to investors by
         the Company and investors are reminded of investment risks.




2
                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                               Annual Report 2023




                                           IMPORTANT NOTICE



7.   No appropriation of funds of the Company by the controlling
     shareholder or its related parties for non-operational
     activities.


8.   There are no guarantees granted to external parties by the
     Company in violation of the prescribed decision-making
     procedures.




                                                                                     3
    Chapter 1

    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT




                CHAIRMAN’S
                 STATEMENT




4
                                                                          Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                           Annual Report 2023



 Chapter 1

 CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


                                                  Dear shareholders,

                                                  The year 2023 marks a milestone year in the
                                                  history of the Group. On 12 April 2023, General
                                                  Secretary Xi Jinping visited the Group for an
                                                  on-site inspection, affirming the achievements
                                                  of the Group and setting out clear direction for
                                                  the development of the Group, which provided
                                                  fundamental guidance and greatly inspired
                                                  the enthusiasm of the Group towards a new
                                                  journey. The Group actively responded to the
                                                  severe and intricate domestic and international
                                                  environment, tackled challenges, implemented
                                                  comprehensive strategies, and exhausted all
                                                  efforts to compete in the market, scramble
                                                  for orders, explore potentials and expand its
                                                  increments, thus maintained a steady business
                                                  development trend. On behalf of the Board, I
                                                  would like to express my heartfelt gratitude
                                                  to our shareholders, customers, all employees,
                                                  partners and people from all walks of life.


ZENG Qinghong Chairman




Pooling efforts to forge ahead and entering into a new stage of development. Faced with
various challenges, such as the sluggish automotive market, insufficient consumption motivations
and disorderly price competitions, the Group resolutely rallied for “joint efforts, expansion of
increments, and improvement of quality and efficiency” and coordinated seven segments, including
research and development, manufacture of vehicles, parts and components, energy and ecosystem,
internationalisation, commercial and mobility transportation services as well as investment and
finance. The Group accelerated its penetration into new tracks and new markets, and cultivated new
momentum and advantages. The Group firmly held its ground in the competition, demonstrating solid
development resilience. Throughout the year, the Group achieved vehicle production and sales volume
of over 2.5 million units respectively, with sales volume of self-developed brands of the Group reached
nearly 890,000 units, both achieving historic highs. GAMC’s sales volume exceeded 400,000 units, with
its MPV sales volume ranking first in the domestic market. GAC AION’s sales volume reached 480,000

                                                                                                                 5
    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT



    units, representing a year-on-year increase of 77%, and its sales volume ranked top 3 among new energy
    vehicle (NEV) brands in China. With the Group accelerating its transformation towards new energy, NEVs
    of the Group contributed to nearly 22% of its total vehicles sold, with self-developed brands contributing
    up to approximately 58% of the sales volume of NEVs. In 2023, the Group recorded a sales revenue of
    approximately RMB502.3 billion on an aggregated basis, ranking 165th on the Fortune Global 500 List for
    the 11th consecutive year, soaring up 21 places from its ranking last year which marks the best result in
    the history of the Group. To give practical returns to shareholders, the Board has proposed to distribute
    to all shareholders a final dividend of RMB1 (tax inclusive) for every 10 shares. The total amount of
    dividends to be distributed is approximately RMB1.57 billion.


    Driven by innovation, nurturing new strengths for development. The Group adheres to the
    guidance of high-level technological self-reliance and self-improvement to promote technological
    innovation. Throughout the year, approximately RMB8.22 billion was invested in the Group’s research and
    development (R&D), with the Group recording 3,195 new patent applications including 1,567 invention
    patents. The accumulative amount of patent applications exceeded 17,000, including over 7,000
    invention patents. The State-Certified Enterprise Technology Center of GAC Group was once again rated
    as “Excellent” with a score of 95.5, ranking first in the automotive industry. GAC Powertrain’s independent
    research and development team was awarded the title of “Team of National Outstanding Engineers” by
    the CPC Central Committee and State Council. In the fields of energy conservation and new energy, the
    Group’s self-developed batteries and electric drives have been successively mass-produced, achieving
    independent research and production of the new energy EIC system. Solid-state battery technology
    made new breakthroughs and is expected to be mass-produced and installed by 2026. The Group actively
    explored hybridisation and low-carbonisation, successfully applied hydrogen-fueled hybrid system into
    vehicles, and launched the world’s first self-developed ammonia engine for passenger vehicles. In the
    field of Intelligent Connectivity (“ICV”), the EEA3.0 electrical architecture “X-soul” has been successfully




                                               Aerocar “GOVE”

6
                                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                               Annual Report 2023




                                                              CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT



installed on vehicles for mass production, such as Hyper GT. The Group has accelerated the development
and application of autonomous driving, becoming one of the first companies to obtain a L3 autonomous
driving road test license. In the field of prospective technology, the aerocar “GOVE” with land-air
decoupling configuration function has been released, exploring a three-dimensional travel ecosystem
across the entire chain.


Strategically leading and constructing a new industrial ecosystem. With accelerated advancement
and improvement of the industrial layout around the “Trillion GAC 1578 Development Outline”, the
Group has comprehensively built the supply chain and industry chain ecosystem. With the GAC’s ICV &
NEV Industrial Park as the core carrier, the Group promoted the gathering of advantageous resources
in the upstream and downstream of the industry chain in the Greater Bay Area, and created a world-
class intelligent NEV industrial cluster radiating from the Greater Bay Area to the whole country. The
smart ecological plant of IMPOW Battery and the Ruipai smart ecological electric drive plant have
successively commenced production, achieving the industrialisation of self-developed batteries and
electric drives, making core components of the new energy EIC system independently controllable. The
Guangzhou Qinglan Semiconductor IGBT (Insulated Gate Bipolar Transistor) project has been put into
operation. Together with Luxshare Precision Industry Company Limited, the Group has jointly established
Lisheng Technology to further strengthen the integrated capabilities of production and research of
power semiconductors and ICV core components. The Group established UPOWER Energy through
reorganisation and completed the integration of resources in the energy segment, actively constructing a
vertically integrated new energy industry chain of “lithium mine + production of basic lithium battery raw
material + battery production + energy storage and battery charging and swap service + battery leasing +
battery recycling and gradient utilisation”. The Group plans to implement a batch of key projects from “mine
to pile”, continuously expanding the energy replenishment network, and creating a new ecosystem of
energy technology.




                       The smart ecological plant of IMPOW Battery

                                                                                                                     7
    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT



    Deepening reform and unleashing new development momentum. The Group focuses on enhancing
    core competitiveness and strengthening core functions, organizes the group system to combine “top-
    down” and “bottom-up” value creation action, concentrates on the “Five Breakthroughs and One
    Reinforcement”, and continues to carry out the “Double Hundred Action”. The Group is accelerating the
    promotion of mixed-ownership reform by implementing employee share incentive and shareholding
    adjustment plans for GAC Hino, and advancing the mixed-ownership reform at the Southern Test Field
    to attract strategic investors. ON TIME (如 祺 出 行) has completed its Series B financing and formally
    submitted an application for listing on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange. The Group is improving its
    organisational structure and operation mechanism for international business, integrating international
    business into the unified coordination of the self-developed brand management committee, achieving
    strong control over its international business, thus providing strong organisational support and
    mechanism guarantee for the implementation of the Group’s internationalisation strategy. The Group
    was honored as a benchmark enterprise under the “Double Hundred Action” of the State-owned Assets
    Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council, the only “Benchmark” enterprise in
    the Three-year Action Plan for State-owned Enterprise Reform of the State-owned Assets Supervision
    and Administration Commission of the Guangzhou Municipal People’s Government, and GAC AION was
    shortlisted as a demonstration enterprise in the “Scientific Reform Demonstration Action” of the State-
    owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of the State Council.


    The current changes of the world, times and industries are unfolding in unprecedented ways, exerting
    unprecedented breadth and depth affecting business development. The new round of technological
    revolution and industrial transformation is deepening, restructuring the automotive industry landscape
    significantly. The penetration rate of NEVs continues to rise, with smart NEVs becoming the main focus
    of future development. Independent brands continue to break through, and internationalisation has
    become a new momentum of growth. The competitions among automotive companies are further
    accelerating. In 2024, faced with challenges such as slow electrification transformation, limited scale of
    internationalisation, and slow cultivation of new increment, the Group will comprehensively launch the
    “in-depth reform, strong management, development promotion, quality and efficiency improvement”.
    The Group will accelerate the expansion of development momentum, expedite the cultivation of new
    growth points, enhance development quality and efficiency, achieve breakthroughs, and strive for the
    challenge of achieving a 10% increase in sales volume.


    Adhering to strengthening the foundation and achieving steady progress in operations to
    enhance quality. Accelerating the construction of core product strength, service strength,
    and brand strength. The Group deeply explores user needs, responds quickly to market changes,
    promotes comprehensive electrification and ICV of self-developed and joint venture brand products,
    optimises the product matrix, and ensures the accurate and rapid launch of high-quality products into
    the market. Continuously enhancing marketing capabilities. The Group aligns with the market
    closely, implements precise strategies, creates distinctive services, enhances terminal market operation
    capabilities, accelerates the transition to new digital marketing models, strengthens APP operations,
    and increases customer loyalty to the brand. Enhancing business synergy. The Group deepens
    the integration and coordination of self-developed brands, specialisation of product managers and

8
                                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                               Annual Report 2023




                                                               CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT



implements matrix management, streamlining the entire process of research, production, supply, and
sales to improve overall operational efficiency. The Group strengthens the integration and coordinated
development of business segments and resources along the upstream and downstream of the industry
chains, further enhancing risk resistance and profitability.


Persisting in deepening innovation to achieve upgrade in industrial capabilities. Striving
upwards to seize the high ground of core technologies. The Group focuses on the forefront of
industry technology, strengthens original and disruptive technological innovations, accelerates research
and development in technologies such as solid-state batteries, continuously consolidates and expands its
advantages in new energy, accelerates the advancement of L3 autonomous driving road tests, enhances
self-developed software capabilities and full-stack ICV, and fosters the development of new dynamics as
new forces of production. With renewed vigor, accelerating the implementation of ecosystem. The
Group fully leverages the driving role of “head of the industry chain” engine to form an industrial cluster,
promoting the deep integration of innovation chains, industry chains, capital chains and talent chains,
accelerating the implementation of the nationalisation plan for core components, further increasing the
domestic chip adoption rate. Centered around the goal of building a “electricity + battery” smart energy
ecosystem, the Group constructs an integrated energy ecosystem spanning from upstream mineral
resources to downstream charging and swapping stations. By continuously expanding the energy
replenishment network, the Group targets to add 5,000 fast charging terminals and 30 battery swapping
stations within the year. Expanding overseas and accelerating the development of international
business. The Group integrates resources from various segments such as research, production, supply,
sales and services, while collaborating closely and intensively developing efforts to create globally popular
vehicle models, thus achieving breakthroughs in key markets and expediting the construction and
operation of KD (knock down) factories in Thailand, Malaysia and other locations. The goal is to achieve
an annual overseas sales volume of more than 150,000 vehicles.


Persisting in reform and striving for breakthroughs to enhance endogenous development
momentum. Creating new momentum through novel mechanisms. The Group implements multiple
measures to advance mixed-ownership reforms, improves market-oriented operation and incentive
and restraint mechanisms, explores and implements share ownership schemes for core employees by
“formulating policies based on actual circumstances of a particular enterprise”, stimulating innovation
and creativity. The Group implements comprehensive tenure and contractual management systems,
strengthens the utilisation of assessment results, vigorously promotes the system of competition-based
promotion, end-to-end adjustment and incompetence exit system for management, thereby enhancing
market-oriented and modern management levels. Activating vitality through talent development.
The Group establishes clear direction of talent-driven development, accelerating efforts to attract and
cultivate leading talents in the “New Four Modernisations” and in-demand international talents, and fully
optimising the talent ecosystem. Enhancing efficiency through digital transformation. Leveraging
digital transformation, the Group achieves standardisation and automation of management, enhances
organisational efficiency, and reduces operational management costs.




                                                                                                                     9
     CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT



     2024 is a critical year for sprinting towards the goals of the “14th Five-Year Plan”. The Group will focus
     on “XEV+ICV” and “EV+ICV”, comprehensively enhance its independent innovation capabilities, promote
     high-quality development, strive to realise sales volume under self-developed brands of more than
     1 million units, and achieve breakthroughs in electrification, ICV, digitalisation, shared services, and
     internationalisation.


     Looking ahead, the Group will accelerate the implementation of “Trillion GAC” development blueprint,
     consolidating its seven major segments: research and development, manufacture of vehicles,
     parts and components, commercial and mobility transportation services, energy and ecosystem,
     internationalisation as well as investment and finance. It will focus on five major increments, with the
     manufacture of vehicles as the foundation of revenue and profit, the parts and components segment as
     the growth pole, commercial and mobility transportation services and energy and ecosystem segments
     as the transformation engine, and internationalisation as the core source of growth. The aim is to achieve
     annual production and sales volumes of over 4.75 million vehicles, operating income (consolidated) of
     RMB1 trillion, and profit tax amounting to RMB100 billion by 2030, and become a world-class technology
     enterprise with outstanding products, remarkable brands, leading innovation and modern governance.


     Those who walk, often arrive. Those who do, often achieve. The new journey is filled with glory and
     dreams. The Group will unswervingly follow the path of high-quality development, strive to climb up
     the peak of industrial technology, forge ahead with determination, promote industrial technological
     innovation, develop new productive forces, and continuously shape new dynamics and advantages
     through pragmatism and innovation. The Group endeavors to fulfill its responsibilities in the new journey
     of Chinese-style modernisation and contribute to GAC’s mission!




10
                                                                                                           Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                            Annual Report 2023




MAIN OPERATING INDICATORS

                                                                        Vehicle sales volume of
  Vehicle sales volume of the Group
                                                                  self-developed brands of the Group

                     300                                                                 90
                                                                                         80
                     250
                                                                                         70




 0’000 units                                                      0’000 units
                     200                                                                 60
                                                                                         50
                     150
                                                                                         40
                     100                                                                 30
                                                                                         20
                     50
                                                                                         10
                     0                                                                   0

                             2021      2022      2023                                              2021         2022         2023


    Energy-saving and new energy                                                                  Sales revenue on
   vehicle sales volume of the Group                                                             an aggregated basis
                     120                                                                 6,000

                                                                                         5,000




                                                                     100 million (RMB)
                     100




 0’000 units
                     80                                                                  4,000

                     60                                                                  3,000

                     40                                                                  2,000

                     20                                                                  1,000

                     0                                                                   0

                             2021      2022      2023                                               2021        2022         2023

                 New energy vehicles     Energy-saving vehicles



                                                                                              Expenditures in research
                             Sales revenue                                                       and development
                     1,400                                                               100

                     1,200




 100 million (RMB)                                                100 million (RMB)
                                                                                         80
                     1,000

                     800                                                                 60

                     600
                                                                                         40
                     400
                                                                                         20
                     200

                     0                                                                   0

                             2021      2022      2023                                              2021         2022         2023



                                                                                                                                                  11
     Chapter 2

     CORPORATE PROFILE AND
     SUMMARY OF BUSINESS
                  CORPORATE
                 PROFILE AND
                 SUMMARY OF
                    BUSINESS




12
                                                                            Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                             Annual Report 2023



 Chapter 2

 CORPORATE PROFILE AND
 SUMMARY OF BUSINESS
I.    CORPORATE INFORMATION
      Chinese name of the Company                      廣州汽車集團股份有限公司
      Chinese abbreviation                             廣汽集團
      English name of the Company                      Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
      English abbreviation                             GAC Group
      Legal representative                             Zeng Qinghong



II.   CONTACT PERSON AND CONTACT METHOD
                                                       Company Secretary/Secretary to the Board
      Name                                             Liu Xiangneng
      Address                                          GAC Centre, No. 23 Xingguo Road, Zhujiang New
                                                        Town, Tianhe District, Guangzhou
      Telephone                                        020-83151139
      Facsimile                                        020-83150319
      E-mail                                           ir@gac.com.cn



III. BASIC INFORMATION
      Registered address of the Company                23/F, Chengyue Building, 448-458 Dong Feng
                                                        Zhong Road, Yuexiu District, Guangzhou
      Office address of the Company                    GAC Centre, No. 23 Xingguo Road, Zhujiang New
                                                        Town, Tianhe District, Guangzhou
      Postal code of the Company’s office address      510623
      Head office and principal place of business in   Room 808, Citicorp Centre, 18 Whitfield Road,
       Hong Kong                                        Causeway Bay, Hong Kong
      Company’s website                                www.gac.com.cn
      E-mail                                           ir@gac.com.cn
      Investor hotline                                 020-83151139 Ext.3



IV. INFORMATION DISCLOSURE AND PLACE OF INSPECTION
      Names of the media for annual report             China Securities Journal, Shanghai Securities News,
       disclosure of the Company                        Securities Times and Securities Daily
      Website of the SSE for annual report             www.sse.com.cn
       disclosure of the Company
      Website of the Stock Exchange for                www.hkexnews.hk
       annual report disclosure of the Company
      Place of inspection of the annual report         22/F, GAC Centre, No. 23 Xingguo Road, Zhujiang
       of the Company                                   New Town, Tianhe District, Guangzhou



                                                                                                                   13
     CORPORATE PROFILE AND SUMMARY OF BUSINESS



     V. INFORMATION ON THE COMPANY’S SHARES
                                 Stock exchange of                Stock
        Class of shares          listing shares                   abbreviation          Stock code



        A shares                 SSE                              GAC GROUP             601238
        H shares                 Stock Exchange                   GAC GROUP             02238



     VI. OTHER RELEVANT INFORMATION
        Auditors          Name                      ShineWing Certified Public Accountants LLP
         (domestic)       Business address          8/F, Block A, Fu Hua Mansion, No.8, Chaoyangmen
                                                     Beidajie, Dongcheng District, Beijing
                          Name of signatory         Chen Jinqi, Ou Jinguang
                           accountants


        Auditors          Name                      PricewaterhouseCoopers
         (overseas)                                 Certified Public Accountants and Registered PIE Auditor
                          Business address          22/F, Prince’s Building, Central, Hong Kong
                          Name of signatory         Lam Wai Nang
                           accountant


        Sponsor           Name                      China International Capital Corporation Limited
         performing       Business address          27th Floor & 28th Floor, China World Office 2, 1
         continuous                                  Jianguomenwai Avenue, Chaoyang District, Beijing
         supervisory      Name of the chief         Zhou Jiaqi, Zhang Xiqing
         duty during       signatory of financial
         the reporting     advisors
         period           Period of continuous      The Company completed the non-public issuance
                           supervision               of A shares in November 2017, during which the
                                                     corresponding continuous supervision period was
                                                     from 17 November 2017 to 31 December 2018, and the
                                                     sponsor continued to perform the relevant ongoing
                                                     supervision obligations before the raised proceeds
                                                     were fully utilised


        H share           Name                      Tricor Investor Services Limited
         registrar of     Address of the            17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong
         the Company       registrar                 Kong.




14
                                                                         Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                          Annual Report 2023




           CORPORATE PROFILE AND SUMMARY OF BUSINESS



VII. SUMMARY OF BUSINESS
   The existing principal businesses of the Group consist of research and development, manufacture
   of vehicles (vehicles and motorcycles), parts and components, commercial and mobility
   transportation services, energy and ecosystem, internationalisation as well as investment and
   finance, which form a complete closed-loop industry chain.



   1.   Research and development
        The Group’s R&D is based on GAEI, a directly funded and
        managed body of the Company, and also a subsidiary of the
        Company and a strategic business division operating relatively
        independently within the authorised scope. It is mainly
        responsible for the Group’s general development plan of new
        products and new technologies, as well as implementation of
        material R&D projects.



   2.   Manufacture of vehicles
        (1)   The manufacture of passenger
              vehicles is mainly conducted
              through subsidiaries, including
              GAMC, GAC AION and joint
              ventures, including GAC Honda
              and GAC Toyota.


                   Products: The Group’s
                    passenger vehicles include
                    18 series of sedans, 25 series
                    of SUV and 6 series of MPV.
                    During the reporting period,
                    the Group launched new or
                    upgraded models such as
                    GAC Trumpchi E9, ES9, E8,
                    GS3 Shadow Speed, Hyper
                    GT, Hyper SSR, Hyper HT,
                    GAC Toyota Frontlander
                    (Smart HEV), new generation
                    Levin, bZ4X, new generation
                    GAC Honda Accord, Integra
                    HATCHBACK, ZR-V e:HEV,
                    Breeze e:HEV/e:PHEV, etc.


                                                                                                                15
     CORPORATE PROFILE AND SUMMARY OF BUSINESS



             Fuel-engined vehicle products of the Group mainly include:


             •    GAC Trumpchi Empow, GS4, GS8, M8, Emkoo, etc.;


             •    GAC Honda Accord, Integra, Vezel, Fit, Breeze, etc.; and


             •    GAC Toyota Camry, Levin, Wildlander, Frontlander, Venza, etc.


             Energy conservation and new energy products of the Group mainly include:


             •    GAC Trumpchi GS8 Hybrid, ES9, M8 Hybrid, E8, E9, Empow Hybrid, Emkoo Hybrid,
                  etc.;


             •    GAC AION AION S, AION Y, AION V, AION LX, Hyper GT, Hyper HT, etc.;


             •    GAC Honda Accord e:PHEV, Breeze e:HEV/e:PHEV, Odyssey e:HEV, ZR-V e:HEV,
                  e:NP1, etc.; and


             •    GAC Toyota Camry HEV, Highlander HEV, Levin HEV, Sienna, bZ4X, etc.


                 Production capacity: As at the end of the reporting period, the total vehicle
                  production capacity amounted to 3,065,000 units/year.


                 Sales channel: In order to flexibly respond to market changes, the Group
                  actively explored the innovation of marketing models and created a dual-track
                  model of “Direct Sales+Distribution, Online+Offline, Automobile City+Commercial
                  Supermarkets”. Centering around the consumer demand for online consumption,
                  the Group focused on the operational management of new media and
                  construction on digitalisation, constantly launched and optimised its order tools
                  for online direct sales, dedicated to improve the operational efficiency of APPs
                  deployed in various Original Equipment Manufacturers (“OEMs”) to provide
                  superior purchasing experience for customers. The Group conducts automobile
                  sales through sales outlets and online channels. As at the end of the reporting
                  period, the Company, together with its joint ventures and associated enterprises,
                  had 2,645 passenger vehicle 4S sales outlets covering 31 provinces, counties,
                  autonomous regions and municipalities in the PRC. Overseas sales outlets
                  amount to 236, with its sales and service business covering 41 countries and
                  regions.




16
                                                                      Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                       Annual Report 2023




       CORPORATE PROFILE AND SUMMARY OF BUSINESS



     (2)   Motorcycles
           The Group manufactures motorcycles through its joint venture Wuyang-Honda. Main
           products include standard motorcycles, sport bikes, scooters, electric bicycles and
           electric motorcycles, etc. As at the end of the reporting period, the total production
           capacity of motorcycles of the Group was 1.25 million units/year.



3.   Parts and components
     The Group’s production of parts and
     components of vehicles was mainly
     carried out through the controlling,
     jointly controlled, investee companies
     of GAC Component, a subsidiary of the
     Company, and Ruipai Power, a holding
     subsidiary under the Group, and GAC
     Toyota Engine, Shanghai Hino and
     CATL GAC etc., the Group’s associated
     companies. The parts and components
     of vehicles include engines, gearboxes,
     car seats, micro motors, shifter, power
     battery, electric drive, electric controller,
     interior and exterior decorations, etc. The
     products were mainly accessories for
     manufacture of vehicles of the Group.



4.   Commercial and mobility
     transportation services
     The Group carried on businesses in vehicle
     sales, logistics, international trading, second-
     hand vehicles, supporting services, etc., mainly
     through its subsidiary, namely GAC Business (as
     well as its controlling and investee companies)
     etc. in the upstream and downstream
     automobile industry chains.




                                                                                                             17
     CORPORATE PROFILE AND SUMMARY OF BUSINESS



       5.   Energy and ecosystem
            The Group constructed a vertically
            int e g ra t e d n e w e n e rg y i n d u s tr y chai n
            of “lithium mine + production of basic
            lithium battery raw material + battery
            production + energy storage and battery
            charging and swap service + battery
            leasing + battery recycling and gradient
            utilisation” through establishing UPOWER
            Energy and its subordinate companies
            such as GAC Energy and IMPOW Battery.
            In response to the trend of new energy
            development, the Group actively expands
            energy and ecological businesses to build
            an integrated energy ecosystem, achieving
            leapfrog development in energy ecology,
            and innovating breakthroughs in software
            services (OTA + software value-added
            services).



       6.   Internationalisation
            The Group established GAC International to be responsible for
            the overseas market operation and sales services of its self-
            developed brands, and promoting the implementation of
            various internationalisation measures such as medium-and long-
            term overseas product planning, overseas factory construction
            planning and overseas channel operation planning.




18
                                                                         Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                          Annual Report 2023




            CORPORATE PROFILE AND SUMMARY OF BUSINESS



    7.   Investment and finance
         The Group carried on
         financial investment,
         insurance, insurance
         brokerage, finance
         lease, automobile
         credit, and other related
         businesses mainly
         through its subsidiaries,
         namely GAC Finance
         Company,        China
         Lounge Investments,
         GAC Capital, Urtrust
         Insurance, and joint
         venture, GAC-SOFINCO,
         etc.




VIII. A N A L Y S I S O N C O R E C O M P E T I T I V E N E S S D U R I N G T H E
      REPORTING PERIOD
    The Group persisted in promoting development through innovation and reform, continued to
    deepen the reform on system and mechanism with increasingly mature governance, took the lead
    in carrying out the reform of professional managers among state-owned enterprises in Guangzhou.
    The Group also continued to optimise the functions of organisational structures, established robust
    diversified incentive mechanisms, steadily promoted the mixed ownership reform of investment
    enterprises, actively promoted digital transformation and continuously enhanced its core
    competitiveness.




                                                                                                                19
     CORPORATE PROFILE AND SUMMARY OF BUSINESS



       1.   Industry layouts with complete industry chain and optimised
            structure
            The Group has formed an industrial strategic layout based in South China and radiating to
            Central China, East China and Northwest China and a complete closed-loop industry chain
            centering upon manufacture of vehicles, and its business covers seven segments including
            research and development, manufacture of vehicles, parts and components, energy and
            ecosystem, internationalisation, commercial and mobility transportation services, and
            investment and finance. The Group is one of the automobile groups in the PRC with the
            most integrated industry chain and the most optimised industry layout. The synergy in the
            upstream and downstream of the industry chain progressed gradually, new profit growth
            points have been emerging and the comprehensive competitiveness of the Group has been
            constantly enhanced. During the reporting period, the Group reorganised and established
            UPOWER Energy to complete the resource integration of the energy segment. IMPOW
            Battery Smart Ecological Plant has been completed and put into operation, accelerating the
            construction of the energy ecosystem.



       2.   Advanced manufacturing, craftsmanship, quality and procedural
            management
            The Group has comprehensive advantages in terms of manufacturing, craftsmanship, quality
            and procedural management which mainly include: the world’s leading quality advantage;
            and innovative advantage brought by “continuous improvement”.



       3.   Continued to enrich product line and optimise product structure
            The Group has a full range of products including sedans, SUVs and MPVs, and in order to
            adapt to changes in consumer demand, the Group maintained its market competitiveness
            of its products through continued R&D, introduction of new models and product iterations,
            so as to maintain customer loyalty and a widely recognised brand reputation. During the
            reporting period, the Group launched new or upgraded models such as GAC Trumpchi E9,
            ES9, E8, GS3 Shadow Speed, Hyper GT, Hyper SSR, Hyper HT, GAC Toyota Frontlander (Smart
            HEV), new generation Levin, bZ4X, new generation GAC Honda Accord, Integra HATCHBACK,
            ZR-V e:HEV, Breeze e:HEV/e:PHEV, etc.




20
                                                                      Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                       Annual Report 2023




       CORPORATE PROFILE AND SUMMARY OF BUSINESS



4.   Initiated the “GAC Model” for the R&D and production system of
     self-developed brands
     After years of introduction, digestion, absorption and innovation, the Group accumulated
     funds, technologies, talents and experience, and formulated a world-class production system.
     For R&D, through the integration of advantageous global resources and the establishment
     of a global R&D network, the Group has formed a cross-platform and modular-structured
     forward development system, and has been equipped with the advantage of integrated
     innovation. The Group also owns State-Certified Enterprise Technology Center, overseas
     high-level talent innovation and entrepreneurship base, national demonstration base
     for talent introduction, academician workstation, postdoctoral research workstation and
     other innovation platforms. Product manager system and incentive mechanism of vehicle
     model team were comprehensively implemented to form a system and mechanism for
     the integration of research, production and sales with high efficiency and mutual benefit.
     During the reporting period, the State-Certified Enterprise Technology Center of GAC
     Group was rated as “excellent” once again with a score of 95.5, ranking among the best in
     the automotive industry. GAC Group’s independent research and development team for
     powertrain was awarded the title of “National Outstanding Engineering Team”.



5.   Leading independent R&D abilities of new energy and ICV
     In the field of new energy, the Group has the leading exclusive pure electric platform AEP3.0,
     being the first to apply the deep-integrated “three-in-one” electric drive system and two-
     gear dual-motor “four-in-one” integrated electric drive system. The Group deeply engaged in
     the independent R&D as well as the industrial application of power battery, battery cells and
     electric drive, and self-developed power battery technologies such as sponge silicon anode
     battery technology, ultra-fast charging battery technology and the magazine battery system
     safety technology. These helped create the AION series and the Hyper series, which are NEV
     product systems based on the new exclusive platform on pure electricity. The Group has also
     successfully introduced a variety of new energy products to the joint ventures. In the field of
     energy conservation, the Group established the Mega Waves Hybrid Modular Architecture
     adopting platform-based modular designs, which were available for assembly of the
     powertrain system self-adaptive to all XEV models (i.e. hybrid models such as Hybrid Electric
     Vehicle (HEV) and Plug-In Hybrid Electric Vehicle (PHEV)). In the field of ICV, the Group has
     self-developed the ADiGO PILOT intelligent driving system (including NDA advanced driver
     assistance system, super parking, and unmanned driving) and the centralised computing
     electronic and electrical architecture “X-soul” equipped with vehicle-cloud integration. During
     the reporting period, the Group successfully launched the self-developed P58 microcrystalline
     super-energy battery for mass production; completed the installation of Mega Waves
     Hydrogen Hybrid System on vehicles, and launched the first ammonia engine for passenger
     vehicle across the world; completed the development of EEA3.0 electrical architecture, and
     equipped Hyper GT and Trumpchi E8 with X-soul for mass production.


                                                                                                             21
     Chapter 3

     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION
     AND ANALYSIS

                 MANAGEMENT
                   DISCUSSION
                 AND ANALYSIS




22
                                                                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023



 Chapter 3

 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION
 AND ANALYSIS
I.   ANALYSIS ON INDUSTRY ENVIRONMENT
     In 2023, under the guidance of a series of national industrial policies, the automobile industry
     continued to stabilise the automobile market, continuously promoted automobile consumption,
     and insisted on propelling technological innovation, so as to maintain the high-quality development
     trend of the industry. The annual domestic production and sales volume of vehicle industry in 2023
     hit a record high and amounted to 30,161,000 units and 30,094,000 units respectively, representing
     a year-on-year increase of 11.6% and 12% respectively.


           Domestic Monthly Automobile Sales Volume from 2021 to 2023
         0'000 units
           350                                                                                                             100%
                                                                                                                            80%
           300
                                                                                                                            60%
           250                                                                                                              40%
                                                                                                                            20%
           200
                                                                                                                             0%
           150
                                                                                                                           -20%

           100                                                                                                             -40%
                                                                                                                           -60%
            50
                                                                                                                           -80%
             0                                                                                                             -100%
                 January   February   March     April   May    June     July   August   September October November December

                                         2021           2022          2023        Year-on-year change in 2023


     In terms of segment market, in 2023, the production and sales volume of passenger vehicles were
     26,124,000 units and 26,063,000 units respectively, representing a year-on-year increase of 9.6%
     and 10.6% respectively. Among them, the sales volume of high-end brand passenger vehicles
     experienced significant growth with a year-on-year increase of 15.4%, which was 4.8 percentage
     points higher than that of passenger vehicles. Among the main varieties of passenger vehicles,
     the scale of annual production and sales volume of SUV still surpassed that of sedans and ranked
     the first place, with production and sales volume reaching 13,242,000 units and 13,206,000
     units respectively, representing a year-on-year increase of 16.4% and 18% respectively; sedans
     still maintained a growth trend in 2023, with production and sales volume reaching 11,508,000
     units and 11,490,000 units respectively, representing a year-on-year increase of 2.9% and 3.4%
     respectively; MPV was back on the track of one million units, whereas the production and sales
     volume of cross passenger vehicles suffered from constant decline. Among them, the production
     and sales volume of MPV amounted to 1,112,000 units and 1,102,000 units respectively, representing
     a year-on-year increase of 16.8% and 17.7% respectively; the production and sales volume of cross
     passenger vehicles stood at 262,000 units and 265,000 units respectively, representing a year-on-
     year decrease of 17.2% and 18.1% respectively.




                                                                                                                                       23
     Chapter 3

     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     AND ANALYSIS
                                         Domestic Market Share of
                             Passenger Vehicles by Models in 2023

                               4.2%           1.0%




                                                                 44.1%




                                                                                    Sedans
                   50.7%                                                            SUV
                                                                                    MPV
                                                                                    Cross passenger vehicles




       Among which, 14,596,000 units of passenger vehicles of Chinese brands were sold, representing
       a year-on-year increase of 24.1% and accounting for 56.5% of the total sales volume of passenger
       vehicles, the proportion of which increased year on year by 6 percentage points. Except for Korean
       series, the market share of passenger vehicles of other countries has declined in varying degrees.


                                   Domestic Market Share of
                               Passenger Vehicles by Series in 2023

                            60%


                            50%


                            40%


                            30%


                            20%


                            10%


                             0%
                                         Chinese   German    Japanese    American   Korean   French
                                         brands     series     series     series    series   series
                                  2022   49.9%     19.5%      17.8%       9.4%       1.6%    1.7%
                                  2023    56%      17.8%      14.4%       8.8%       1.6%    0.5%

                                                      2022              2023



24
                                                                                                       Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                            Annual Report 2023




                                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



The cardinal number of production and sales volume of commercial vehicles in the previous year
was at a low level. As the macroeconomic upswing in 2023 revived industries such as logistics
and tourism, the production and sales volume of commercial vehicles rebounded accordingly to
4,037,000 units and 4,031,000 units respectively, representing a year-on-year increase of 26.8% and
22.1% respectively.


The tremendous growth momentum of NEVs remained unabated, with both monthly and annual
production and sales volume hitting record highs in succession by virtue of the market share of
31.6%. In 2023, the production and sales volume of NEVs amounted to 9,587,000 units and 9,495,000
units respectively, representing a year-on-year increase of 35.8% and 37.9% respectively.

                                       Domestic Monthly Sales Volume of
                                      New Energy Vehicles from 2021 to 2023
        0’000 units
        140
                                                                                                                                 119.1
        120
                                                                                                                        102.6
                                                                                                              95.6
        100                                                                                         90.4
                                                                                         84.6
                                                                   80.6        78.0
         80                                               71.7
                                       65.3      63.6
         60                  52.5
                  40.8
         40

         20

          0
              January    February   March     April      May     June      July       August    September October    November December

                                                        2021            2022           2023


In 2023, automobile exports reached another new high, becoming a crucial strength in driving the
growth of automobile production and sales volume. Automobile exports totaled 4,910,000 units,
representing a year-on-year increase of 57.9%, and such exports contributed 55.7% to the aggregate
increment of vehicle sales. In terms of vehicle types, 4,140,000 passenger vehicles were exported,
representing a year-on-year increase of 63.7%; 770,000 commercial vehicles were exported,
representing a year-on-year increase of 32.2%.


Note: The above industry data was from China Association of Automobile Manufacturers.




                                                                                                                                                 25
         Chapter 3

         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


         AND ANALYSIS
     II.   ANALYSIS ON OPERATION OF THE COMPANY

           1.    Operation and production achieved progress against difficulties
                 Faced with the multiple pressure brought by the outbreak of price wars and other factors in
                 the domestic automobile market, the Group rallied for “joint efforts, expansion of increments,
                 and improvement of quality and efficiency”. Throughout the year, the Group’s production
                 and sales volume of vehicles amounted to 2,528,800 units and 2,505,000 units respectively,
                 representing a year-on-year increase of 1.97% and 2.92% respectively. In terms of production
                 and sales volume, with a market share of approximately 8.32%, the Group ranked 5th among
                 domestic automobile enterprise groups.1

                                                Monthly Sales Volume of GAC Group
                      0’000 Units

                              30

                              25

                              20

                              15

                              10

                               5

                               0
                                    January   February   March   April    May   June     July   August   September October   November December

                                                                         2022          2023

                 In 2023, the production and sales volume of the Group’s passenger vehicles were 2,528,700
                 units and 2,504,400 units respectively, representing a year-on-year increase of 1.99% and
                 2.93% respectively, while its market share among domestic automobile enterprise groups
                 was approximately 9.61%. In terms of vehicle categories, the sales volume of SUVs and MPVs
                 increased year on year by 10.41% and 30.52% respectively, whereas the sales volume of sedans
                 experienced a year-on-year decrease of 9.74%.

                 Throughout the year, the production and sales volume of the Group’s NEVs continued
                 to maintain rapid growth, amounting to 572,900 units and 549,600 units respectively,
                 representing a year-on-year increase of 81.36% and 77.55% respectively, the growth of which
                 significantly outperformed the industry average. Among them, the sales volume of Pure
                 Electric Vehicles (“PEVs”) was 507,000 units, representing a year-on-year increase of 68%,
                 while the sales volume of PHEVs was 42,600 units, representing a year-on-year increase of
                 446%. During the reporting period, the proportion of sales volume of the Group’s energy-
                 efficient vehicles and NEVs increased to 39.90%, among which the proportion of NEVs
                 amounted to 21.95%, representing a year-on-year increase of more than 9 percentage points.

     1
           Unless otherwise stated in this report, the source of relevant data of the industry derived from China Association
           of Automobile Manufacturers.
26
                                                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2023




                                               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



        2.        Self-developed brands hit new records
                  The Group’s self-developed brands focused on “XEV+ICV ” and “EV+ICV”, with its production
                  and sales volume hitting record highs, amounting to 904,400 units and 886,500 units
                  respectively in 2023, representing a year-on-year increase of nearly 40%, of which the
                  proportion of NEV sales increased to nearly 58%.


                  (1)       GAMC
                            Throughout the year, GAMC’s production and sales volume were 404,300 units and
                            406,500 units respectively, representing a year-on-year increase of 8.24% and 12.12%
                            respectively, which outperformed the industry average, and the proportion of high-




       GAC Trumpchi E9                                   GAC Trumpchi ES9                           GAC Trumpchi E8
E9, a s m a r t e l e c t r i c n e w e n e r g y   ES9, the full-size new energy SUV        G A C T r u m p c h i E8 w a s l a u n c h e d
flagship MPV of GAC Trumpchi, was                   for travel scenario of GAC Trumpchi,     on 17 November 2023 with i-GTEC
launched on 21 May 2023. Trumpchi                   was launched on 28 October 2023.         installed therein, which supports a
E9 has a super luxurious private                    Trumpchi ES9 is equipped with a          CLTC cruising range of 150km under
space, as well as a GAC patented                    high-performance Quark Electric          the EV mode and 1,200km under
rear windshield airbag. It is equipped              Drive, a high-security magazine          comprehensive operating conditions.
with a 2.0TM smart electric hybrid                  battery and a 2.0TM engine, which        This model is equipped with the
system, a high energy density                       support a CLTC cruising range of         electrical architecture “X-soul”,
magazine battery, an intelligent                    143km under the EV mode and              Qualcomm Snapdragon 8155 in-car
energy management and an ADiGO                      1,215km under the combined mode.         chip, the GAC Rubik’s Cube scene co-
intelligent driving interconnected                  It can realize full-scenario discharge   creation platform and new ADiGO
ecosystem. Its comprehensive WLTC                   (3.3KW external discharge + 5.5KW        5.0 system, L2-level intelligent driver
cruising range is 1,032 km, which its               vehicle pairing discharge). This         assistance system, which position
maximum cruising range with full                    model is equipped with Qualcomm          itself as a leading model in term of
battery and fuel is 1,442km, and its                Snapdragon 8155 chip and ADiGO           intellectualisation. It has an interior
CLTC cruising range under the EV                    4.0 intelligent IoT/intelligent driver   layout of 5.2 square meters and a
mode is 136km.                                      assistance system.                       variety of storage spaces.




                                                                                                                                              27
         Chapter 3

         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


         AND ANALYSIS  value vehicle models steadily increased. Among them, the sales volume of MPVs in
                       2023 exceeded 160,000 units, representing a year-on-year increase of 59%, ranking first
                       among domestic MPV manufacturers, where M8, M6 and other model series ranked at
                       the forefront in the market segment; the sales volume of the Group’s HEVs exceeded
                       45,000 units, maintaining its ranking as the top-seller2 in the independent HEV market.
                       In this year, GAMC released a new technology brand “i-GTEC (傳 祺 智 電 科 技)”, and
                       launched three highly competitive PHEV models, including smart electric new energy
                       flagship MPV – E9, B-class plug-in hybrid SUV – ES9 and B-class plug-in hybrid MPV
                       – E8, to forge the i-GTEC new energy products matrix. In December 2023, the sales
                       volume of the Group’s new energy E-series exceeded 10,000 units.


                       GAMC continued to consolidate and expand the marketing of its “Golden Triangle”
                       digital sales service system, introduced a smart store system and implemented
                       “companion” service, while a dedicated new energy team was formed, which created
                       a new NEV sales model for GAC Trumpchi, with 140 NEV experience centres now
                       completed. GAC Trumpchi was recognised as the No. 1 among China’s self-developed
                       brands listed in the Customer Satisfaction Index (CSI) and Sales Satisfaction Index (SSI)
                       of J.D. Power in 2023.




     2
          The source of statistics was derived from China Automotive Technology and Research Center Co., Ltd.
28
                                                                                      Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2023




                                      MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



               (2)     GAC AION
                       Throughout the year, GAC AION’s production and sales volume amounted to 500,000
                       units and 480,000 units respectively, representing a year-on-year increase of 82.84%
                       and 77.02% respectively, during which its monthly sales volume maintained at more
                       than 40,000 units for ten consecutive months, ranking third among domestic new
                       energy passenger vehicles. Throughout the year, the sales volume of the AION S series
                       amounted to 221,000 units, representing a year-on-year increase of 91.3%, ranking first
                       among domestic pure electric A-class sedan, and the annual sales volume of AION Y
                       series amounted to 228,000 units, representing a year-on-year increase of 91%, ranking
                       second among domestic pure electric A-class SUVs. Hyper brand was progressing to
                       operate independently, and the dual-brand matrix of “AION + Hyper” was launched to
                       enter into the high-end NEV market. During the reporting period, three new vehicle
                       models were launched: pure-electric supercar Hyper SSR, the first pure-electric B-class
                       sedan Hyper GT and pure-electric B-class SUV Hyper HT. In December 2023, four
                       years and eight months after its establishment, GAC AION had achieved a cumulative
                       production and sales volume of one million, rendering itself to reach the one million
                       mark in terms of production and sales volume in the shortest time among the PEV
                       brands globally. In virtue of GAC AION’s innovative and revolutionary marketing
                       model, it created a new ecosystem of marketing services that fully integrated online
                       and offline scenarios, continued to improve its one-click premium service system,
                       and promoted the reform on APP value, for which the scale of GAC AION APP users
                       exceeded 4 million, and the number of Hyper APP registered users exceeded 1 million.
                       GAC AION’s Smart Ecological Plant was selected in the latest batch of global “Lighthouse
                       Plant” released by the World Economic Forum (WEF), becoming the only NEV
                       “Lighthouse Plant” in the world.




            Hyper GT                                 Hyper SSR                                 Hyper HT
The mid- to large-sized sports sedan      Hyper SSR, China’s first mass-           Hyper HT, a mid- to large-sized
Hyper GT was launched on 3 July           produced supercar, was launched          luxurious pure electric SUV, was
2023, which could realise a maximum       and delivered on 9 October 2023.         launched on 15 November 2023, with
cruising range of 710km under             Hyper SSR adopts the pioneering          a wheelbase of 2,935 mm and two-
comprehensive operating conditions.       dual-drive electric sensor door with     segment electric gull-wing doors. All
The kinematic performance of this         butterfly appearance, lightweight all-   models come with a 2.6m2 panoramic
model encompasses a 4-second rear-        carbon fiber body, and aerospace-        canopy and electric sunshades. The
drive acceleration, a 5.3-meter turning   grade long-fiber carbon ceramic          ultra-high voltage version supports
radius, and a braking distance of less    brake. This model is equipped with       800V 5C super charging, thereby
than 33.9 meters. It is equipped with     a 900V carborundum chip, a self-         enabling a cruising range of 450km
three second-generation intelligent       developed two-gear four-in-one high-     after just 10 minutes of charging.
variable-focus lidars and possesses an    performance motor, being able to         This model is equipped with ADiGO
advanced high-speed NDA Intelligent       accelerating from stationary to 100      SPACE 5.0 intelligent cockpit and
Navigation Assistance Driving             kmph within 1.9 seconds.                 advanced high-speed NDA Intelligent
System, which can provide users with                                               Navigation Assistance Driving System.
intelligent driving experiences such
as lane change and on-ramp entry.


                                                                                                                             29
     Chapter 3

     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     AND ANALYSIS
          (3)   International business
                The Company completed its interim adjustment to the “14th Five-Year Plan” for the
                international segment, formulated the “1551” internationalisation strategic blueprint,
                clarified the target of exporting 500,000 units by 2030, and specified the global market
                layout planning, division of work among various fields and organisational mechanism
                safeguards at the strategic level, so as to vigorously promote the internationalisation
                of brands, globalisation of products, localisation of production, integration of sales
                and services, and diversification of ecosystems. The Group further improved the
                international business system and mechanism, set up an overseas business liaison
                mechanism for the Group’s leaders, strengthened the deliberation mechanism of
                the international business leading group, reorganised and set up a headquarter for
                manufacture of vehicles and overseas business, coordinated international business
                by the self-developed brand management committee, and established an additional
                internationalisation professional committee to strengthen the coordination of the
                international business of its independent system.


                In 2023, the overseas sales volume of the Company’s self-developed brands amounted
                to approximately 55,000 units, which completed its market layout in 41 countries/
                locations. According to the characteristics of the overseas market, various multi-
                channel models were formed globally, including standard stores, satellite stores
                and service centres, and 236 sales and service outlets added. To promote the global
                development of vehicle models and enrich the product matrix, GAC International
                completed the introduction of two global vehicle models and three regional vehicle
                models in 2023. GAC AION’s AION Y Plus has been launched in Thailand and officially
                entered the Cambodian market. In order to promote localised operations, the Company
                has set up overseas branches in Hong Kong, Russia, the Middle East, Mexico, Thailand
                and other regions. GAC International has been accelerating the construction of a CKD
                (Completely Knocked Down) plant in Malaysia, targeting to achieve mass production
                and launch of its first vehicle model by 2024. GAC AION has set up a manufacturing
                subsidiary in Thailand to facilitate its Thailand plant project, so as to quickly realise the
                production capacity of its overseas plants in the form of SKD (Semi Knock Down). The
                production capacity can be up to 50,000 units per year upon completion and the mass
                production is expected to be realised in the third quarter of 2024.




30
                                                                      Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                       Annual Report 2023




                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



3.   Joint venture brands accelerated transformation
     Adhering to promoting end-user sales and stabilising channels, GAC Toyota overcame the
     downturn in fuel-engined vehicles and other challenges, with its production and sales
     volume reaching more than 950,000 units for the year, and vehicle models such as Camry
     and Sienna continuing to rank at the forefront in the market segment. With the deepening
     of its all-round electrification strategy, during the reporting period, GAC Toyota launched new
     models such as Frontlander (Smart HEV), Levin (Smart HEV) and Levin GT (Smart HEV), new
     new energy brand “bZ (鉑智)” and its first model “bZ4X”. GAC Toyota also utilised the bilateral
     resources of its shareholders, accelerated the introduction of competitive pure electric
     products, set up a joint development system, and established a simultaneous development
     and operation model. The NEV models jointly developed by the Group and Toyota Motor are
     progressing as planned.


     GAC Honda took proactive measures to stabilise its fundamentals, achieving production and
     sales volume of 651,200 units and 640,500 units respectively for the year, with cumulative
     production and sales volume exceeding 10 million units since its establishment. GAC Honda
     launched its vehicle export business, with over 20,000 units exported for the year and it
     continued to improve its product and service quality, becoming the first Chinese mainstream
     automotive brand to be ranked No. 1 in three categories, namely the Sales Satisfaction Index
     (SSI), Customer Satisfaction Index (CSI) and China Initial Quality Study (IQS) of J.D. Power for
     three consecutive years. GAC Honda accelerated its transformation towards electrification
     and intellectualisation, launching the Accord e:PHEV and Breeze e:PHEV, and unveiling the
     second model of its pure electric brand e:NP – e:NP2. GAC Honda NEV’s capacity expansion
     project (production capacity of 120,000 units per year) progressed as planned, and is
     scheduled to be completed and commence operation by 2024.


     Key progress was made in promoting the restructuring and transformation of loss-
     making joint ventures. The Company implemented the GAC Mitsubishi restructuring plan,
     after the completion of which GAC Mitsubishi became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the
     Company. GAC Mitsubishi’s core assets will be fully revitalised and utilised to help GAC
     AION rapidly expand its production capacity and solve the production capacity constraints.
     GAC Hino implemented the employee share incentive scheme and promoted shareholding
     adjustments in order to accelerate the strategic transformation to new energy commercial
     vehicles.


     Wuyang-Honda actively increased the launch of new products in the domestic market,
     introducing 14 new models and expanding the export of electric bicycles during the year,
     with a year-on-year increase of 205% in export sales volume of electric bicycles.




                                                                                                             31
     Chapter 3

     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     AND ANALYSIS



                     GAC Toyota bZ4X                              GAC Toyota Frontlander (Smart HEV)

       GAC Toyota bZ4X, the first smart electric off-road SUV     GAC Toyota Frontlander (Smart HEV) was
       of bZ, GAC Toyota’s new NEV brand, was launched            launched on 18 April 2023, with the position as a
       on 17 November 2023. The products are crafted              “new generation intelligent electric hybrid SUV”.
       with higher standards of safety redundancy and             Equipped with 2.0L fifth-generation Toyota smart
       high-quality control throughout the supply chain of        HEV technology, all models come with T-Pilot
       Toyota, delivering a superior pure electric experience.    Intelligent Driving Assistance System, with a
       This model has a long wheelbase of 2,850mm                 427L trunk space, a latest on-board multimedia
       and is equipped with a power battery exclusively           machine, and a 12.3-inch LCD instrument panel,
       developed by Contemporary Amperex Technology               which support for the interconnection among the
       Ltd.. Consumers can enjoy a cruising range of 615km        three mobile platforms including Carlife, Hi-car and
       (CLTC cruising range) upon purchase. All models            Carplay.
       are equipped with the latest generation intelligent
       driving assistance system of Toyota, which support
       the interconnection among the mobile platforms
       including Carlife, Hi-car and Carplay.




            GAC Honda Accord E: PHEV                                    GAC Honda Breeze E: PHEV

       The new generation Accord e:PHEV under GAC                 Breeze e:HEV and e:PHEV under GAC Honda were
       Honda together with its fuel version were launched         officially launched on 19 June 2023. In virtue of 2.0L
       simultaneously on 20 May 2023. As a new electrified        direct injection engine + fourth-generation i-MMD
       product launched by GAC Honda, Accord e: PHEV is           hybrid system, this model offers superior power
       equipped with the fourth-generation i-MMD hybrid           performance, which is also equipped with adaptive
       system and Honda CONNECT 4.0 intelligent guide             damping system (ADS) to enhance users’ driving
       interconnection. The updated version of Honda              experience.
       SENSING 360 realizes safety protection in all scenarios.

32
                                                                    Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                     Annual Report 2023




                      MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



4.   Enhancement and breakthroughs of core technologies
     In the field of electrification, the Company has mastered the ability of full stack self-
     research and self-production of its battery cells. The self-developed P58 microcrystalline
     super-energy battery cells were launched in the smart ecological plant of IMPOW Battery,
     with outstanding advantages of high-energy density and high power density and a cycle
     life over 1.5 million kilometres, and the comprehensive performance indice have reached the
     advanced level in the industry. The self-developed M25 super electric drive has been mass-
     produced in the Ruipai smart ecological plant, which possesses advantages of high power
     density, lightweight and miniaturisation, and will be installed on the Hyper brand for mass
     production.


     In the field of low-carbonisation, the Company focused on the R&D of XEV technology
     roadmap such as REEV (Range Extended Electric Vehicle), PHEV and HEV, as well as the
     development of various flexible fuel engine technologies such as hydrogen and ammonia.
     GAC’s smart electric new energy power system was successfully installed on three PHEV
     models, including Trumpchi E9, ES9 and E8, and was awarded as one of “The Second World
     Top 10 Hybrid Powertrain” in the “Lopal Cup” hosted by Automotive Evaluation Research
     Institute. Mega Wave-Hydrogen Hybrid System was successfully installed on the flagship
     model of GAC Trumpchi E9, of which according to experiments, the hydrogen consumption
     could be lower than 1.4kg per 100 kilometers, while vehicles could cover a maximum distance
     of nearly 600 kilometers. The Company launched the world’s first self-developed ammonia
     engine for passenger vehicles, increasing the carbon reduction rate to 90%.




      The first ammonia engine for                              GAC Trumpchi E9
           passenger vehicles                                  (Hydrogen Hybrid)




                                                                                                           33
     Chapter 3

     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     AND ANALYSIS
          In the field of ICV, based on the “X-soul”, an electrical architecture equipped with vehicle-
          cloud integration, and focusing on the key and core technologies of ICV, the Company
          achieved industry-leading breakthroughs in smart driving and smart cockpit technology
          through the empowerment of cloud platform and big data. “X-soul” was installed on various
          models such as Hyper GT, Hyper HT and Trumpchi E8 for mass production. With a user-
          centric approach, the ADiGO MAGIC GAC Rubik’s Cube scene co-creation platform allows
          users and designers to create and configure personalised scenarios, and it has already
          been launched with new models such as Hyper GT and Trumpchi E8 into mass production.
          With the focus on mid- to long-term pure vision algorithm technology, GAEI’s X Lab team
          advanced a fully autonomous driving and parking solution with strong artificial intelligence
          + vision, which won the world’s first place on the motion trajectories prediction list in the
          Argoverse 2 Motion Prediction Challenge in July 2023. In December 2023, the Company took
          the lead in becoming one of the first batch of companies to obtain L3 autonomous driving
          road test licences and conducted tests on designated high speed roads in Guangzhou,
          facilitating the progress of safety and reliability verification of L3 autonomous driving
          functions.


          In terms of the layout of global R&D system, GAEI has made remarkable progress in the
          “International + Domestic” globalisation layout. In August 2023, GAEI Xiamen Intelligent
          Connected Studio was opened, marking the official formation of GAC’s “Three Countries
          Five Locations” global R&D system layout (i.e. Milan, Los Angeles, Shanghai, Xiamen and
          Guangzhou), which promoted the integration and development of innovation chain, industry
          chain and talent chain of GAC’s intelligent driving technology.


          In the field of digitalisation, the GDA (GAC Digital Accelerator) 2.0 Three-Year Action
          Plan (2023-2025) was officially launched to comprehensively promote the Group’s digital
          transformation. The Group deepened its marketing digitalisation and promoted the
          innovation of the direct-connection, direct marketing and direct-services marketing model,
          achieving 100% online service for end-users of its Trumpchi E series. The Group improved the
          technological innovation of the ICV platform, and completed the development and launch
          of GAC’s ICV big data platform, which has been accessed by 74 vehicle models and supports
          real-time access for a maximum of 3.5 million vehicles, to integrate the full life cycle data
          of vehicle research, production and sales. The Group strengthened its cost operation and
          control, and the launched the first phase of the Group’s profit and loss platform for vehicle
          models, which strengthened the sophisticated management by 8 times and raised the level
          of revenue management for vehicle models of its self-developed brand. The Group enhanced
          the construction of fundamental platforms, achieving zero major accidents in network
          security management during the year, and placed GAC Data Centre 1.0 into operation, with
          an availability rate of 99.99%.




34
                                                                    Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                     Annual Report 2023




                      MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



5.   Continued to optimise industrial ecosystem
     In the fields of parts and components, through “self-research and development + co-
     development + capital cooperation”, the Group established an autonomous and controllable
     industry chain and supply chain to achieve professional and large-scale development of the
     fields of parts and components. GAC Component actively revolved around four business
     segments of chassis and body, interior and exterior decoration and lighting, power systems
     and ICV, actively facilitating the work of strengthening, supplementing and extending
     the chain, strengthened the capability of self-research and development of parts and
     components, and continued to enhance its product industrialisation capabilities, such as
     cockpits, shifter, electric controller and micro motors. Guangzhou Qinglan IGBT project
     jointly invested by GAC Component and Zhuzhou CRRC Times Semiconductor Co., Ltd. was
     successfully put into production, building an autonomous and controllable NEV industry
     chain.


     In the fields of commercial and mobility transportation services, GAC Business
     stepped up its efforts in sales network expansion by opening 37 new sales channel outlets
     in 2023, with a total of 156 sales channel outlets in operation. GAC Business accelerated
     the digital transformation and deepened its overall marketing, achieving end-user sales
     of 152,000 units during the year, representing a year-on-year increase of 20.3%, which
     significantly outperformed the market. ON TIME’s travelling capacity exceeded 100,000
     units and its user base was over 23 million. GAC Business continued to maintain a high level
     of compliance, and was ranked first in the Ministry of Transport’s Information Interactive
     System for the Supervision of Online Ride-hailing Service for six times in the country in
     terms of monthly order compliance rate in during the year. It also continuously promoted
     the commercialisation of Robotaxi, receiving approval for the qualification of commercial
     demonstration of autonomous driving in Guangzhou and the qualification of Robotaxi
     manned demonstration in Shenzhen, successively commenced the operation of ON TIME
     Robotaxi service in Guangzhou and Shenzhen.




                                                                                                           35
     Chapter 3

     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     AND ANALYSIS
          In the fields of energy and ecosystem, the Group reorganised and established UPOWER
          Energy, which initially completed the integration of resources in the field of energy. The
          first phase of the 6GWh production line of the smart ecological plant of IMPOW Battery and
          Ruipai smart ecological electric drive plant (capacity of the first phase is 200,000 electric
          drives per year) have been completed and put into production, accelerating the layout of
          the vertically integrated energy industry chain. In terms of battery charging/swap station
          construction, the Group built a full-scene energy supply system which is characterised by
          fast and slow charging combination, charging-swap complementation and V2G interaction,
          for which 930 charging stations were constructed and in operation with more than 6,855
          charging terminals, and 62 switching stations covering 159 cities around the Guangdong-
          Hong Kong-Macau Greater Bay Area Economic Zone, the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei Economic
          Zone, the Yangtze River Delta Economic Zone, the Sichuan-Chongqing Economic Zone,
          and the Intercity Highway. The Group promoted the implementation of the battery asset
          management project to provide customers with vehicle-electricity separation and battery
          leasing services, and gradually expanded to the whole life cycle management of batteries,
          empowering the development of its principal business.


          In the fields of investment and finance, the Group adhered to its principal business
          of financial services, completed the “14th Five-Year Plan” for the Group’s finance field,
          established and improved the business synergy and joint working mechanism of the finance
          field, and promoted the construction of the Group’s “Big Finance” pattern. The finance
          enterprises actively responded to the needs of OEMs and dealers by adopting measures
          such as interest reduction and exemption, repayment extension and margin reduction.
          Among them, GAC-SOFINCO Auto Finance and the OEMs jointly launched a 0% interest rate
          vehicle purchase financial scheme for various models to lower the threshold of car purchase
          for customers; provided a total of 1.3 million loans for the year, representing a year-on-year
          increase of 8.2%; and issued RMB16 billion of asset-backed securities to optimise its financing
          structure. Throughout the year, the inventory financing business of GAC Finance Company
          provided funds amounting to RMB60 billion, effectively alleviating dealers’ pressure and
          boosting vehicle sales. Urtrust Insurance jointly launched the “complimentary insurance for
          purchasers” campaign with OEMs and formulated flexible insurance promotion schemes,
          achieving premium income of RMB3.34 billion during the year, representing a year-on-
          year increase of 17.9%. GAC Capital completed the establishment of the 10-billion-level ICV
          & NEV industry development fund and continued to invest in the fields of new energy, ICVs
          and automotive chips through its industry fund, with its total investment amounting to
          approximately RMB1.3 billion, further strengthening the integration between industry and
          finance.




36
                                                                          Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                           Annual Report 2023




                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



III. DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS BY THE BOARD ON OPERATION
     OF THE COMPANY DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
   During the reporting period, the Group realised revenue of approximately RMB502.303 billion on an
   aggregated basis, representing a year-on-year decrease of approximately 2.39%.


   During the reporting period, the revenue of the Group amounted to approximately RMB129.706
   billion, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 17.62%. The net profit attributable
   to owners of the parent company amounted to approximately RMB4.429 billion, representing
   a year-on-year decrease of approximately 44.48%. The basic earnings per share amounted to
   approximately RMB0.42, representing a year-on-year decrease of approximately 45.45%.


   The major factors leading to the variation of results during the reporting period included:


   1.    The year 2023 witnessed a continuous and steady rejuvenation of the domestic economy. The
         domestic automobile market as a whole remained stable and achieved positive growth, with
         automobile production and sales volume reaching a record high, despite a series of impacts
         such as the termination of subsidies for NEVs, the emergence of price wars in the automobile
         industry, etc. Under such circumstances, with the “14th Five-Year Plan” as development and
         planning orientation, the Group actively responded to industry challenges and facilitated
         high-quality development by leveraging favorable policies and market opportunities from
         all parties. Throughout the year, the Group achieved an accumulative sales volume of
         2,505,000 vehicles, representing a year-on-year increase of 2.92%. The Group is determined
         in continuing its research and development in positive, independent and innovative ways.
         It also strives to accelerate the launching of new products, and the upgrading of existing
         products iteration, so as to enhance the competitiveness of its products continuously. In
         particular, GAMC has continuously enriched its star product portfolios by launching PHEV
         models including E8, E9 and ES9, while its MPV models including M6, M8, etc. continued
         to maintain hot-selling. GAC AION recorded an impressive growth for NEVs with annual
         sales volume exceeding 480,000 units, representing a year-on-year increase of 77.02%, and
         continued to further promote the closed-loop layout of the energy ecosystem industry chain.


   2.    Joint ventures of the Group have accelerated their product transformation, among which,
         GAC Toyota launched the new generation Levin, bZ4X and a variety of smart HEV models
         during the reporting period where the structural proportion of new energy and energy-saving
         products continued to soar up, with annual sales volume exceeding 950,000 units. GAC
         Honda continued to launch new products, which during the reporting period, it launched
         new and updated models such as the new generation Accord, Integra HATCHBACK, ZR-V
         e:HEV, Breeze e:HEV/e:PHEV, etc. Its product portfolio is continuously optimised to enhance
         product competitiveness hence improving product competitiveness.




                                                                                                                 37
     Chapter 3

     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     AND ANALYSIS
       3.    Ancillary businesses along the upstream and downstream of the industry chain such as
             financial services, vehicle components and commercial services have been further developed
             revolving around the Group’s strategy. The synergistic effect among various business
             segments continued to emerge, which facilitated the development of the Group’s principal
             businesses. Among such businesses, the continuous deepening of cooperation between
             financial enterprises as well as the business expansion and innovation vigorously supported
             the Group’s automobile sales. Automobile components and commercial services actively
             resonate with the internationalisation strategy of the Group to venture into foreign markets.


       4.    During the reporting period, in order to cope with the fierce market competition, major
             OEMs within the Group augmented their commercial and political investment. In addition,
             the Group reorganised GAC Mitsubishi for one-off settlement of GAC Mitsubishi’s long-
             standing issues.



       (I)   Analysis of Principal Business

                              Analysis of changes of items in the consolidated statement of
                                  comprehensive income and the cash flow statement


                                                                                   Unit: 100 million   Currency: RMB


                                                                                    Corresponding
                                                                                            period
             Item                                                Current period           last year         Change
                                                                                                                (%)

             Revenue                                                    1,297.06            1,102.72           17.62
             Costs of sales                                             1,241.79            1,065.07           16.59
             Selling and distribution costs                               61.96               39.23            57.94
             Administrative expenses                                      56.57                51.15           10.60
             Finance costs                                                -4.67                -3.52          -32.67
             Interest income                                               7.74                 4.91           57.64
             Share of profit of joint ventures and associates             83.49              140.65           -40.64
             Net cash flow generated from operating activities            46.04              -66.38           169.36
             Net cash flow generated from investing activities            -53.33              -15.92         -234.99
             Net cash flow generated from financing activities            60.25               251.81          -76.07




38
                                                                         Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                          Annual Report 2023




                   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



1.   Analysis on revenue and cost


     During the reporting period, revenue of the Group amounted to approximately
     RMB129.706 billion, representing a year on year increase of approximately 17.62%. This
     was mainly due to the combined effect of the continuous and stable recovery of the
     domestic economy, the overall stable automobile market with positive growth, the
     implementation of a series of policies and follow-up measures for economy stability,
     and the increasingly enriched vehicle models under self-developed brands of the
     Group with ever-increasing sales volume, especially the significant increase in the sales
     volume of GAC AION NEVs.


     During the reporting period, the Group recorded costs of sales and total taxes
     of approximately RMB124.179 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of
     approximately 16.59%. Total gross profit amounted to RMB5.527 billion, representing a
     year-on-year increase of approximately 46.80%. Gross profit margin increased year-on-
     year by 0.85 percentage point, which was mainly due to the combined effect of the
     growth in gross profit of OEMs under its self-developed brands.


                                     Principal business by industry


                                                                    Unit: 100 million     Currency: RMB


                                                                   Increase/      Increase/      Increase/
                                                                 decrease in    decrease in    decrease in
                                                        Gross       revenue         cost of    gross profit
                                            Cost of     profit         over      sales over    margin over
     By industry                Revenue       sales    margin      last year      last year       last year
                                                          (%)            (%)            (%)             (%)

     Automobile manufacturing
       industry                   940.15      916.16      2.55         19.50           17.75          131.82
     Auto-parts manufacturing
       industry                    44.29      41.28      6.80           15.61          16.45          -8.97
     Commercial services          269.52     249.64       7.38         12.62           12.81           -1.99
     Financial services and
       others                      43.10      34.71      19.47          12.33          14.55          -7.42
     Total                       1,297.06   1,241.79     4.26          17.62           16.59          24.93




                                                                                                                39
     Chapter 3

     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     AND ANALYSIS                           Principal business by product


                                                                           Unit: 100 million     Currency: RMB


                                                                          Increase/      Increase/      Increase/
                                                                        decrease in    decrease in    decrease in
                                                               Gross       revenue         cost of    gross profit
                                                   Cost of     profit         over      sales over    margin over
             By product                Revenue       sales    margin      last year      last year       last year
                                                                 (%)            (%)            (%)            (%)

             Passenger vehicles          940.15      916.16      2.55         19.50          17.75          131.82
             Vehicles related trades      313.81    290.92       7.29         13.03           13.31          -3.06
             Financial services and
               others                     43.10      34.71      19.47          12.33         14.55           -7.42
             Total                      1,297.06   1,241.79     4.26          17.62          16.59           24.93


                                             Principal business by region


                                                                           Unit: 100 million     Currency: RMB


                                                                          Increase/      Increase/      Increase/
                                                                        decrease in    decrease in    decrease in
                                                               Gross       revenue cost of sales      gross profit
                                                   Cost of     profit         over           over     margin over
             By region                 Revenue       sales    margin      last year      last year       last year
                                                                 (%)            (%)            (%)            (%)

             Mainland China             1,241.85   1,194.17     3.84           15.91         15.78            2.93
             Overseas                      55.21     47.62      13.75         76.45          69.83           32.31
             Total                      1,297.06   1,241.79     4.26          17.62          16.59           24.93




40
                                                                           Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                            Annual Report 2023




              MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



                                Principal business by sales model


                                                                       Unit: 100 million    Currency: RMB


                                                                     Increase/      Increase/       Increase/
                                                                   decrease in    decrease in     decrease in
                                                          Gross       revenue cost of sales       gross profit
                                            Cost of       profit          over           over     margin over
By sales model               Revenue          sales      margin       last year      last year       last year
                                                             (%)           (%)             (%)            (%)

Distributor sales model         940.15        916.16        2.55          19.50          17.75          129.73
Others                          356.91       325.63         8.76          12.95          13.44           -4.32
Total                         1,297.06      1,241.79        4.26          17.62          16.59           24.93


                           Analysis of sales and production volume


                                                                                                 Unit: Vehicle


                                                                     Increase/      Increase/       Increase/
                                                                   decrease in    decrease in     decrease in
                                                                    production          sales       inventory
                     Production            Sales                   volume over    volume over            over
Major products            volume         volume        Inventory      last year      last year       last year
                                                                           (%)             (%)            (%)

Sedans                    282,326        273,740          13,823          66.99         65.00           145.31
SUV                       458,741        448,609         24,060           22.14          23.09          60.24
MPV                       163,303         164,159         6,903           59.56         58.86            -7.71


Illustration on production and sales volume: mainly the production and sales data of
GAMC and GAC AION within the scope of consolidation.




                                                                                                                  41
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



                                                  Sales to major customers


                                                                        Unit: 100 million   Currency: RMB


                                                                                                 Ratio to
               Customers                                                      Revenue            revenue
                                                                                                      (%)

               Total sales to top 5 clients                                      50.93                3.96


                                                      Major Suppliers


                                                                        Unit: 100 million   Currency: RMB


                                                                             Amount of      Ratio to total
               Suppliers                                                 procurement         procurement
                                                                                                      (%)

               Total procurement from the top 5 suppliers                        145.08              11.68


               Amount of procurement fees paid to the largest supplier of the Group accounted for
               3.91% of the total amount of procurement fees of the Group for the year.


               During the year, to the directors’ knowledge, no directors, supervisors or their close
               associates or shareholders holding more than 5% of the Company’s shares has any
               interest in the top 5 suppliers.


          2.   Expenses
               (1)    The year-on-year increase of approximately RMB2.273 billion in selling expenses
                      was mainly attributable to the combined effect of the increase in advertising
                      expenses, and the increase in aftersales service charge resulting from increased
                      sales volume during the reporting period;


               (2)    The year-on-year increase of approximately RMB542 million in administrative
                      expenses was mainly attributable to the combined effect of the corresponding
                      increase in the compensation, benefits and the routine expenses resulting from
                      the enterprise development, as well as the increase in the expenses arising from
                      depreciation and amortisation during the reporting period;




42
                                                                 Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                  Annual Report 2023




                   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



      (3)   The year-on-year decrease of approximately RMB115 million in finance expenses
            was mainly attributable to the combined effect of the decline of average interest
            rate, and the changes in exchange rate during the reporting period; and


      (4)   The year-on-year increase of approximately RMB283 million in interest income
            was mainly attributable to the combined effect of the increase in deposits
            resulting in increased interest income during the reporting period.


3.    Research and development expenditures
(1)   Table of research and development expenditures


                                                              Unit: 100 million   Currency: RMB


      Expensed research and development expenses for the period                                13.61
      Capitalised research and development expenses for the period                            68.57
      Total research and development expenditures                                              82.18
      Percentage of total research and development expenditures over
        total revenue (%)                                                                       6.34
      Number of research and development staff                                                 7,182
      Number of research and development staff over total number
        of staff (%)                                                                           18.10
      Percentage of capitalised research and development expenditures (%)                     83.44

(2)   During the reporting period, expenditures in research and development amounted to
      approximately RMB8.218 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately
      RMB1.721 billion. This was mainly attributable to the continuous enhancement of
      independent research and development as well as innovation capability for improving
      the overall quality of the system. It was also attributable to the simultaneous propulsion
      of the development projects of traditional energy vehicle models and NEV models, as
      well as the development of core parts and components during the reporting period.




                                                                                                        43
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



          4.   Share of profit of joint ventures and associated companies
               During the reporting period, the Group’s share of profit of joint ventures and associated
               companies amounted to approximately RMB8.349 billion, representing a year-on-
               year decrease of approximately RMB5.716 billion, which was mainly attributable to the
               combined effect of the decrease in profit of the joint ventures.


          5.   Cash flows
               (1)   During the reporting period, net cash inflow generated from operating activities
                     amounted to RMB4.604 billion, representing an increase in net inflow of
                     RMB11.242 billion as compared with the net cash outflow of RMB6.638 billion
                     in the corresponding period last year, which was mainly attributable to the
                     combined effect of the increase in cash received from the sales of goods due
                     to increased sales volume greater than the increase in cash paid for purchasing
                     goods and labor services resulting from increased output during the reporting
                     period;


               (2)   During the reporting period, net cash outflow generated from investing activities
                     amounted to RMB5.333 billion, representing an increase of net outflow of
                     RMB3.741 billion as compared with net cash outflow of RMB1.592 billion in the
                     corresponding period last year, which was mainly attributable to the combined
                     effect of the increase in return of investment, the year-on-year increase in dividends
                     received from investee companies, and the increase in cash paid for investment
                     as well as the increase in cash paid for purchasing fixed assets, intangible assets
                     and other long-term assets during the reporting period;


               (3)   During the reporting period, net cash inflow generated from financing
                     activities amounted to RMB6.025 billion, representing a decrease of net inflow
                     of approximately RMB19.156 billion as compared with the net cash inflow of
                     RMB25.181 billion in the corresponding period last year, which was mainly
                     attributable to the year-on-year decrease in cash from external investment
                     absorbed by investee companies during the reporting period; and


               (4)   As at 31 December 2023, cash and cash equivalent of the Group amounted to
                     approximately RMB39.522 billion, representing an increase of approximately
                     RMB5.300 billion as compared with approximately RMB34.222 billion as at 31
                     December 2022.




44
                                                                           Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                              Annual Report 2023




                         MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



         6.      Others
                 Income tax amounted to approximately RMB-215 million, representing a year-on-
                 year increase of approximately RMB321 million, which was mainly attributable to
                 changes in profit of certain enterprises during the reporting period.


         To sum up, the Group’s net profit attributable to owners of the listed company for the
         reporting period amounted to approximately RMB4.429 billion, representing a year-
         on-year decrease of approximately 44.48%. Basic earnings per share amounted to
         approximately RMB0.42, representing a year-on-year decrease of approximately 45.45%.




(II) Analysis of Assets and Liabilities
    1.   Analysis table of assets and liabilities


                                                                       Unit: 100 million     Currency: RMB


                                                          Balance                    Balance at
                                            Balance     at the end    Balance at     the end of
                                          at the end    of current    the end of the previous
                                          of current   period over the previous     period over
         Item                                period    total assets      period     total assets      Change
                                                               (%)                          (%)            (%)

         Financial assets at fair value
           through other comprehensive
           income – non-current                50.94           2.33         17.14          0.90         197.20
         Prepayments and other long-
           term receivables                   173.80           7.96        96.07            5.06         80.91
         Inventories                          167.20           7.65        123.62           6.51         35.25
         Financial assets at fair value
           through other comprehensive
           income – current                    56.34           2.58        40.90            2.15         37.75
         Time deposits                         68.25           3.12        33.26            1.75        105.20
         Trade payables and other
           receivables – non-current           14.25           0.65         7.62           0.40          87.01
         Borrowings – non-current             103.84           4.75        56.97            3.00         82.27




                                                                                                                   45
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



          2.   Analysis on change
               (1)   Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income – non-
                     current increased by 197.20% as compared with the balance at the end of the
                     previous period, mainly attributable to the combined effect of the increase in
                     bank acceptance bills and commercial acceptance bills held during the reporting
                     period;


               (2)   Prepayments and other long-term receivables increased by 80.91% as compared
                     with the balance at the end of the previous period, mainly attributable to the
                     increase in bills to be discounted during the reporting period;


               (3)   Inventories increased by 35.25% as compared with the balance at the end of the
                     previous period, mainly attributable to the combined effect of the increase in
                     raw material inventories and finished vehicles due to the increase in automobile
                     production and sales volume during the reporting period;


               (4)   Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income – current
                     increased by 37.75% as compared with the balance at the end of the previous
                     period, mainly attributable to the combined effect of the increase in large value
                     certificates of deposit held during the reporting period;


               (5)   Time deposits increased by 105.20% as compared with the balance at the end of
                     the previous period, mainly attributable to the combined effect of the structural
                     adjustment of inter-bank deposits and the increase in time deposits during the
                     reporting period.


               (6)   Trade payables and other receivables – non-current increased by 87.01% as
                     compared with the balance at the end of the previous period, mainly attributable
                     to the combined effect of the increase in short-term borrowings due to the
                     business development of certain enterprises during the reporting period; and


               (7)   Borrowings – non-current increased by 82.27% as compared with the balance at
                     the end of the previous period, mainly attributable to the combined effect of the
                     increased demand for long-term funds due to the businesses development of
                     certain enterprises during the reporting period.




46
                                                                       Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                        Annual Report 2023




                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



(III) Analysis of Financial Position
    1.   Financial indicators
         As at 31 December 2023, the Group’s current ratio was approximately 1.31 times,
         representing a decrease from approximately 1.62 times as at 31 December 2022.
         The Group’s quick ratio was approximately 1.09 times, representing a decrease from
         approximately 1.40 times as at 31 December 2022, which were within reasonable range.


    2.   Financial resources and capital structure
         As at 31 December 2023, the Group’s current assets amounted to approximately
         RMB101.111 billion, current liabilities amounted to approximately RMB77.194 billion and
         current ratio was approximately 1.31 times.


         As at 31 December 2023, total borrowings amounted to approximately RMB28.116
         billion, mainly consisting of the Group’s borrowings from bank and financial institutions
         with closing balance of approximately RMB26.707 billion, etc. The above borrowings are
         payable upon maturity. The Group generally funds its business and operational capital
         needs with its own operating cash flow.


         As at 31 December 2023, the Group’s gearing ratio was approximately 18.43% (Calculation
         of gearing ratio: (borrowings in non-current liabilities + borrowings in current liabilities)/
         (total equity + borrowings in non-current liabilities + borrowings in current liabilities)).


    3.   Foreign exchange risk
         As the Group mainly conducts its business in the PRC and the sales and procurement
         in the PRC were denominated in RMB, changes in foreign exchange did not have any
         material effect on the Group’s operating results and cash flow during the reporting
         period.


    4.   Contingent liabilities
         As at 31 December 2023, financial guarantee given by the Company to controlled and
         whole-owned subsidiaries of the Group amounted to RMB0 (31 December 2022: RMB0).


         As at 31 December 2023, independent third-party financial guarantee given by the
         Company amounted to RMB0 (31 December 2022: RMB0).


         As at 31 December 2023, financial guarantee given by the Group to related
         parties outside the consolidation scope amounted to RMB0 (31 December 2022:
         RMB16,600,000).




                                                                                                              47
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



       (IV) Analysis of Automobile Manufacturing Industry Operation
           1.   Production capacity
                                                       Existing production capacity


                                                                                               Production
                                                                      Designed            volume during                 Production
                                                                    production             the reporting                  capacity
                                                                       capacity                        period           utilisation
                                                                 (ten thousand             (ten thousand                       rate
                Names of major factories                                   units)                      units)                    (%)

                GAC Honda                                                          77                    65.12                84.57
                GAC Toyota                                                         100                  95.00                 95.00
                GAMC (including GAC AION)                                          108                  90.44                 83.74



                Notes:

                1.        Production capacity during the reporting period refers to the actual production volume

                          during the reporting period, and the production capacity unit is ten thousand units.

                2.        Production capacity utilisation rate during the reporting period has been converted

                          according to the actual production time.


                                                   Production capacity in construction


                                                                                                   Unit: ’0,000     Currency: RMB


                                                                    Investment                             Expected
                                                     Planned     amount during                Total commencement            Expected
                Names of the factories in          investment     the reporting          investment          date of       production
                construction                          amount            period              amount        production         capacity

                GAC Honda new energy                   349,510           116,819             198,979             2024         120,000
                     vehicle production capacity                                                                            units/year
                     expansion project


                Production capacity calculation standards


                Calculated based on standard production capacity and two production shifts.




48
                                                                                            Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2023




                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



2.   Sales and production volume of whole vehicles


                                                        By vehicle model


                                           Sales volume (units)                                  Production volume (units)
                                                                                                                                   Changes in
                                                                  Changes in total                                            total production
                                                                     sales volume                                                     volume
                                                                        compared                                                    compared
                                                                         with the                                                    with the
                          Total number          Total number        corresponding     Total number          Total number        corresponding
     Vehicle types         for the year          for last year period last year        for the year          for last year period last year
                                                                               (%)                                                         (%)

     Passenger vehicle        2,504,415              2,433,201                2.93        2,528,652             2,479,435                  1.99
       Sedans                  1,016,050              1,125,733              -9.74        1,022,387               1,145,921             –10.78
       SUV                     1,198,042             1,085,039                10.41        1,213,383              1,103,918               9.92
       MPV                      290,323               222,429                30.52          292,882               229,596                27.56
     Commercial vehicle             560                   600                -6.67              170                   476               –64.29
     Total                    2,504,975              2,433,801                2.92        2,528,822              2,479,911                 1.97


                                                                  By region


                                           Domestic sales (units)                                      Overseas sales (units)
                                                                  Changes in total                                            Changes in total
                                                                     sales volume                                                sales volume
                                                                        compared                                                    compared
                                                                         with the                                                    with the
                          Total number          Total number        corresponding     Total number          Total number        corresponding
     Vehicle types         for the year          for last year period last year        for the year          for last year period last year
                                                                               (%)                                                         (%)

     Passenger vehicle        2,428,619             2,400,233                  1.18          75,796                32,968                129.91
       Sedans                 1,010,340               1,125,282              -10.21           5,710                    451             1,166.08
       SUV                     1,132,954             1,053,282                7.56          65,088                  31,757              104.96
       MPV                      285,325                221,669               28.72           4,998                    760               557.63
     Commercial vehicle             560                   600                -6.67                –                      –                   –
     Total                    2,429,179             2,400,833                  1.18          75,796                32,968                129.91



     Note: The above sales and production data includes that of the joint ventures and associated

             companies.


                                                                                                                                                  49
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



          3.   New energy vehicle business


                                       Production capacity of new energy vehicles


                                                                                                    Production
                                                                                                        capacity
                                                                                  Designed           during the               Production
                                                                                production             reporting                 capacity
                                                                                    capacity                period            utilisation
               Name of major factory                                                   (units)              (units)                rate (%)

               GAC AION Smart Ecological Plant                                        360,000               500,088                   138.91



               Note: Production capacity during the reporting period refers to the actual production volume

                        during the reporting period.


                                 Sales and production volume of new energy vehicles


                                                    Sales volume (units)                               Production volume (units)
                                                                                                                                    Changes in
                                                                         Changes in total                                      total production
                                                                            sales volume                                               volume
                                                                               compared                                              compared
                                                                                with the                                              with the
                                    Total number        Total number       corresponding    Total number     Total number       corresponding
               Vehicle types         for the year        for last year period last year      for the year     for last year period last year
                                                                                      (%)                                                   (%)

               Sedans                     227,023              115,655              96.29        236,660            116,947              102.37
               SUV                        259,120             155,794               66.32         271,254           156,953               72.82
               MPV                         24,320                   –                   –          26,461                 –                   –
               Total                      510,463             271,449               88.05         534,375          273,900                95.10


                                      Income and subsidies for new energy vehicles


                                                                                             Unit: 100 million          Currency: RMB


                                                                                                    Subsidy for
                                                                                                   new energy                     Ratio of
               Vehicle types                                                          Income                vehicle       subsidy (%)

               Passenger vehicle                                                        580.03                  0.02                    0.00

50
                                                                                         Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2023




                             MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



IV. MATERIAL INVESTMENT
    During the reporting period, the Group did not hold any material investment.



V. MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS OF SUBSIDIARIES,
   ASSOCIATED COMPANIES AND JOINT VENTURES
    During the reporting period, the Group did not have any material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries,
    associated companies or joint ventures.



VI. MATERIAL DISPOSAL OF ASSETS AND EQUITY INTEREST
    Nil.



VII. ANALYSIS OF MAJOR SUBSIDIARIES AND ASSOCIATES

                                                 Changes                           Changes                          Changes
                             Production         compared                          compared                         compared
                          volume during          with the    Sales volume          with the                         with the
                           the reporting    corresponding       during the    corresponding        Revenue     corresponding
                                 period            period        reporting           period        (RMB100            period
    Company name                 (units)         last year   period (units)        last year        million)        last year

    GAC Honda                     651,191          -15.19%         640,466           -13.66%         935.28           -18.75%
    GAC Toyota                   950,025           -5.87%          950,008           -5.47%         1,528.69           -6.52%
    GAMC                        404,282             8.24%          406,505            12.12%         574.46           20.16%
    GAC AION                    500,088            82.84%          480,003           77.02%          532.34           37.54%




VIII. S T R U C T U R E D E N T I T I E S U N D E R T H E C O N T R O L O F T H E
      COMPANY
    Nil.




                                                                                                                                51
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     IX. DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON THE COMPANY’S FUTURE
         DEVELOPMENT

       1.   Industry layout and trend
            In 2024, along with the continuous advancement of national policies to promote
            consumption and stabilise growth, the implementation of a series of policies to facilitate
            high-quality development of the NEV industry, and the sustained efforts of multiple measures
            including the prolonged purchase tax exemption for vehicles, in-depth advancement of NEVs
            and infrastructure construction in rural areas, the market vitality and consumption potential
            will be further stimulated to improve domestic automobile consumption. China Association
            of Automobile Manufacturers predicts that the domestic automobile market will continue to
            show a steady and positive development trend, with a growth rate of above 3%.


            On the other hand, the structural revolution in the domestic automobile industry is
            accelerating and evolving, presenting three conspicuous trends. Firstly, it is the recurring
            disruptive transformation in the market landscape. From the perspective of market
            segments, the domestic NEV market has gradually entered into a market-driven phase,
            where the growth of NEVs remains resilient. The sales volume of NEVs is expected to reach
            11 million to 12 million units. In particular, the growth rate of extended-range electric vehicle
            (E-REV) and PHEV models is going to exceed the overall level of the NEV sector, serving as
            an important substitute of traditional fuel-engined vehicles, which will squeeze the market
            share of fuel-engined vehicles. From the perspective of brand proportion, the market share
            of joint venture brands will further decline, while the market share of independent brands
            will further ramp up to stand at over 50% and become the market dominator. Secondly, it
            is the accelerated differentiation of automobile enterprises. Exposed to the market under
            the principle of “survival of the fittest”, superior self-developed brands and joint ventures
            acclimatised to rapid electrification transformation are expected to occupy greater market
            shares, whereas vulnerable brands and traditional vehicle enterprises bearing sluggish
            transformation will face greater pressure to survive. Thirdly, it is the expedited overseas
            expansion. Exports have become the main driving force for sales growth of the industry. In
            2024, China’s automobile exports are expected to exceed 5.50 million units, positioning the
            country as the largest automobile exporter in the world.




52
                                                                     Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                      Annual Report 2023




                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



2.   Development strategy of the Company
     During the period of the “14th Five-Year Plan”, the Group will adhere to the development
     principle of “internal collaborative innovation and external open cooperation” to implement
     the “1615” development strategy, consolidate six major segments, which include R&D,
     manufacture of vehicle, parts and components, commercial services, financial services and
     mobility transportation services, fully improve independent innovation capabilities, and to
     achieve five major improvements in electrification, intelligent networking, digitalisation,
     shareability and internationalisation to achieve the high-quality development of the Group.


     Looking forward, the Group will spare no effort to propel the “1578 Development Outline
     for Trillion GAC”. By 2030, the Group will endeavor to achieve one goal: annual production
     and sales volume exceeding 4.75 million vehicles, annual revenue (on a combined basis)
     amounting to RMB1 trillion, and profits tax amounting to RMB100 billion. The Group aims
     at becoming a world-class high-tech enterprise characterised by excellent products,
     distinguished brand image, cutting-edge innovation and modernised governance. The
     Group also aims to create momentum for five increment aspects, including transformative
     upgrading of whole vehicles, enhancement and extension of components industry chain,
     intellectualisation of commerce and mobility transportation, energy and ecological
     empowerment, and courageous international expansion. The Group will consolidate
     seven segments, including research and development, manufacture of vehicles, parts
     and components, commercial services and mobility transportation, energy and ecology,
     internationalisation as well as investment and finance. The Group will implement eight
     initiatives, including deepening the reform of the system and mechanism, paying balanced
     attention to self-development and capital injection regarding technological innovation,
     executing all-out upgrading of self-developed brands, reinforcing and extending the industry
     chain for structural optimisation, comprehensively developing energy ecology, arranging in-
     depth deployment of software business, seeking key breakthroughs in overseas markets, and
     exploring innovation in smart transportation models.


     To support the implementation of the national “Dual Carbon” target, the Group will
     implement the “GLASS Plan” to achieve full life-cycle carbon neutrality of its products by
     2050 (and strive to achieve the target by 2045).




                                                                                                            53
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



       3.   Operational plan
            In 2024, oriented by the “Trillion GAC 1578 Development Outline” alongside the Group’s
            development program under the “14th Five-Year Plan”, the Group will adhere to pursuing
            progress while ensuring stability, promote stability through advancement and making
            breakthrough beneath existing achievement, with a focus on accelerating structural
            adjustment, propelling technological innovation, carrying out in-depth reforms, and making
            every effort to satisfy the annual objectives, so as to achieve steady growth in operating
            performance and endeavour to explore the new horizon of high-quality development. The
            Group will also challenge the target of a year-on-year growth of 10% in terms of annual
            vehicle sales volume.


            The major operational measures are as follows:


            (1)   The Group will carry forward structural adjustment actions, with a view to cultivating
                  emerging development momentum. It will expedite the structural adjustments to
                  product, industry and market, facilitate comprehensive transformation towards new
                  energy products, and vigorously nurture new incremental industries such as energy
                  ecosystem, internationalisation, and Software as a Service (SaaS). The Group will
                  also reinforce technological innovation, accelerate the research and development
                  of solid-state batteries and other technologies, and raise its self-developed software
                  capabilities.


            (2)   The Group will facilitate actions to improve its quality and efficiency, so as to maintain
                  robust growth in operating performance. It will also vigorously increase terminal
                  sales, reduce inventories and consummate the linkage between production and sales;
                  accelerate product renewal and promptly launch products that satisfy consumers’
                  ever-changing needs for innovation; promote marketing innovation and continue to
                  optimise APP design and operation.


            (3)   The Group will carry forward its three-year growth actions to stimulate the overall
                  profitability of self-developed brands. It will also strengthen the integration of research,
                  production, supply and marketing, further improve and implement the matrix
                  management of the product manager system, and join forces to forge more flagship
                  products. In 2024, it is scheduled that self-developed brands will launch brand new and
                  facelift models, including GAC Trumpchi’s new A-class SUV, A-class plug-in hybrid SUV,
                  and seven-seater MPV, GAC AION’s five-seater pure-electric SUV, A-class pure-electric
                  sedan, and Hyper’s new six-seater pure-electric SUV, further enhancing their product
                  competitiveness.




54
                                                                 Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                  Annual Report 2023




                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



(4)   The Group will boost its brand rejuvenation operation and promote the transformation
      of joint ventures. It will also vigorously implement cost reduction and efficiency
      improvement, and launch new models such as the ninth-generation Camry under
      GAC Toyota to consolidate the role of fuel-engined vehicles as its principal business.
      Through the intensification of bilateral strategic consensus of shareholders,
      product introduction, upgrade and replacement rhythm, coupled with accelerated
      electrification and intellectualisation transformation, GAC Honda intends to launch NEV
      models such as the e:NP2 and the new A-class pure-electric sedan under the Everus
      brand, while GAC Toyota is accelerating the in-depth joint development of NEV model
      projects.


(5)   The Group will promote coordinated overseas expansion and propel rapid
      breakthroughs in international business. It will also strengthen the role of operation
      management committees under self-developed brands with respect to overall
      management and coordinated promotion in international businesses, so as to
      accelerate the establishment of robust international business operation mechanisms;
      gather resources to promote the rapid scale-up of international businesses, deepen the
      differentiated management of “One Country, One Policy”, and achieve breakthroughs
      in key markets; improve channel construction, explore potential markets, accelerate
      the construction of knockdown (KD) assembly projects, and perfect the spare parts
      service system.


(6)   The Group will impel chain replenishment and reinforcement to drive the parts
      segment to expand its presence. It will also exert more efforts to achieve independent
      breakthrough on key core parts and components to further increase the adoption
      rate of domestic chips; strengthen the optimisation, integration and collaboration of
      resources to accelerate the construction of key projects such as Lisheng Technology;
      give full play to the leveraging role of industrial investment funds and lay out forward-
      looking and key technology projects around the upstream and downstream of ICV and
      NEV industry chain.


(7)   The Group will facilitate innovation-oriented actions to accelerate upgrading the service
      industry. It will also deepen the reform of digital marketing and logistics services
      to promote high-quality development of commerce; speed up the technological
      transformation of mobility transportation ecosystem, prioritise the creation of full-
      process solutions for autonomous driving testing and operation; deepen the integration
      of industry and finance and the synergy among financial businesses to support the
      development of its main business.




                                                                                                        55
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



            (8)   The Group will propel layout optimisation and occupy the highland for the
                  development of the energy ecosystem. Focusing on the goal of building an “electricity
                  + battery” smart energy ecosystem, it will also establish an integrated full-chain energy
                  ecological layout from upstream mineral resources to downstream charging and
                  swapping stations, which promotes the production capacity of IMPOW Battery, and
                  continues to expand the energy replenishment network.


            (9)   The Group will advance reforms to stimulate the vitality of its systems and mechanisms.
                  It will also initiated a new round of state-owned enterprise reform and deepened
                  efforts to enhance its implementation, vigorously promote capital operations,
                  proactively implement mixed-ownership reforms and employee share ownership, and
                  promote corporate governance to a new level.



       4.   Potential risks
            (1)   Macroeconomic environment
                  At present, the global economy is recovering with slow progress. Factors such as
                  the in-depth influence of international political rivalry and geopolitical conflicts
                  will intensify external uncertainties. The Economic Work Conference of the Central
                  Government pointed out that the basic trend of domestic economic recovery and
                  long-term upswing has not changed. It is necessary to pursue progress while ensuring
                  stability, promote stability through advancement and establish new mechanisms and
                  rules before eliminating old ones, and consolidate and enhance the upward trend of
                  economic recovery. However, to further promote the economy to rebound, there is still
                  a need to overcome difficulties and challenges, such as insufficient effective demand
                  and overcapacity in some industries.


            (2)   Risk of supply chain
                  Although the global chip supply tension has eased to some extent, the current process
                  of domestic replacement of chips is slow-moving. Coupled with the complicated and
                  volatile international environment, supply risks of parts and components such as
                  high-end chips that are highly dependent on imports still exist. Although domestic
                  semiconductor companies have increased their investment in automotive-grade
                  chips and the Company has also accelerated the construction of an independent
                  and controllable supply chain through strengthening cooperation with chips
                  manufacturers, if the domestic replacement process of chips does not go as expected,
                  it will still have a certain impact on the Company’s production and operation.




56
                                                                  Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                   Annual Report 2023




                   MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



(3)   Accelerated structural adjustments to the automobile industry
      The domestic NEV market has gradually entered a market-driven stage, with the
      penetration rate of NEVs continuing to increase and the market share of traditional
      fuel-engined vehicles continuing to be squeezed. The market share of self-developed
      brands continues to ramp up, while joint venture brands are confronted with
      transformation pressure. The domestic automobile market has turned to inventory
      competition, with automobile enterprises accelerating the differentiation and the
      competition for market share becoming increasingly fierce. With accelerated overseas
      expansion, the competition in foreign markets is increasingly intensifying and has
      become an important profit growth point for automobile enterprises.


      The Group currently faces the following main issues and challenges:


      Firstly, electrification transformation needs to be accelerated. At present, the proportion
      of PEV models of the Group’s joint venture brands underperforms compared with the
      average of the industry and the Group. It is essential to accelerate the presence of its
      electric vehicle models, and launch competitive NEV models to achieve breakthroughs
      in volume.


      Secondly, there is a disparity in international development. The scale of nationalisation
      of the Group is still relatively small. Its international presence remains at the initial
      stage anchoring at the export of vehicles, and its localised operation capabilities in
      foreign regions still require bolstering.


      Thirdly, the cultivation of emerging increments has not yet formulated sufficient
      support. Although our operational planning and structure such as parts and
      components and energy ecosystem have begun to take shape, certain key projects
      remain at the stage of investment, construction or incubation, where the effects
      of synergetic development mechanism among various segments deserve further
      enhancement.




                                                                                                         57
      Chapter 4

      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
     I.   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
          The Group was in strict compliance with relevant corporate governance requirements under the
          Company Law, the Securities Law, the Code of Corporate Governance for Listed Companies, the
          SSE Listing Rules, the Listing Rules and its Appendix C1, the Corporate Governance Code. The
          Group constantly optimised the structure of corporate governance, regulated the operation of
          general meetings, the Board and the Supervisory Committee in an orderly manner, and disclosed
          information in compliance with laws and regulations so as to establish a modern corporate
          governance system with sound scientific norms, effective checks and balances, and efficient
          operation. A total of 25 Board meetings and 15 meetings of special committees of the Board were
          held during the year. In addition, in order to constantly improve governance, the Company has
          reviewed and revised the internal management system from time to time, revised 49 important
          management systems such as the Articles of Association, the Rules of Procedures of the General
          Meetings and the Rules of Procedures of the Board, and formulated 9 systems such as the
          Administrative Measures for Accounting Personnel, the Enterprise Annuity Management System
          and the Management Measures for Social Responsibility (ESG) Work in accordance with the
          regulatory requirements during the reporting period, which further optimised the governance
          structure and improved its governance.


          There was no deviation by the Company’s corporate governance from the requirements as
          specified in the existing laws and regulations, and the listing rules of the SSE and the Stock
          Exchange during the year. The Company is committed to continuous improvements on corporate
          governance, and firmly believes that good governance is crucial for long stability and sustainable
          development of the Company.


          The Company’s structure of corporate governance comprises the general meetings, the Board
          and its special committees, the Supervisory Committee, the management and the employees,
          each of which plays an important role in the corporate governance of the Company. The specific
          information is described below:



          (I)   General Meeting
                The general meeting is the authoritative body of the Company and has legal power to decide
                on significant matters of the Company. The Company carries out policies of open and honest
                communication and fair disclosures. The Company can ensure all shareholders, especially
                minority shareholders enjoy equal status and rights. Pursuant to Article 69 of the Articles of
                Association, if shareholders individually and jointly holding over 10% of the Company’s issued
                shares with voting rights request in writing to hold an extraordinary general meeting, an
                extraordinary general meeting shall be held within two months after receipt of such written
                request.




58
                                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                 Annual Report 2023




                                             CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



Pursuant to Article 71 of the Articles of Association, shareholders individually and jointly
holding over 3% of the shares of the Company are entitled to propose extraordinary
motions to the Company and submit them in writing to the convener ten days before the
general meeting. The convener of the general meeting shall issue supplementary notice
of the general meeting to announce the content of the extraordinary motions within two
days after receiving the proposed motions. The Company formulates efficient channels
of communication with shareholders. All shareholders have the right to be informed and
to participate in significant events of the Company; shareholders may raise enquiries and
express their view to the Board in writing at any time (Contact address: The office of the
Board of GAC Group at Room 2202, GAC Center, No. 23 Xingguo Road, Zhujiang New Town,
Tianhe District, Guangzhou (Postal code: 510623), Telephone: 020-83151139, Fax: 020-83150319,
Email: ir@gac.com.cn).


The Company has formulated the Rules of Procedures of the General Meeting, convened and
held general meetings in strict compliance with regulatory requirements of listed companies
so as to ensure that shareholders are able to fully exercise their rights. When the Company
convenes an annual general meeting, written notice shall be given to all shareholders twenty-
one days prior to the convening of the meeting. When convening an extraordinary general
meeting, written notice shall be given to all shareholders fifteen days prior to the convening
of the meeting. The notice of general meeting containing an agenda, resolutions proposed
and a voting form are announced in a timely manner and/or sent to all H shareholders
whose shares are registered in the register of members by post in accordance with the
requirements. All shareholders are encouraged to attend the general meetings. All registered
shareholders on the record date are entitled to attend the general meeting. H shareholders
who are unable to attend the general meeting can appoint their proxies or the chairman
of the general meeting as their proxies to attend the general meeting on their behalves
(the proxy form shall be completed and returned by H shareholders to the Company or the
Company’s H share registrar). All directors, supervisors and members of management of
the Company are also requested to try their best to attend the general meetings; results of
resolutions or poll results of the general meeting shall be timely announced in such manner
as required by the Listing Rules and the SSE Listing Rules. Lawyer attended each general
meeting and issued legal opinion.


The controlling shareholders and ultimate controller of the Company conscientiously
fulfilled their obligations in good faith. There was no act that interfered with the decisions
and operations of the Company directly or indirectly, by-passing the general meeting, nor
was there any damage to the interest of the Company and other shareholders. The related
party transactions of the Company were fair and reasonable, the pricing of which has been
adequately disclosed and no conduct damaging interests of the Company was found.


During the reporting period, the Company convened 1 annual general meeting and 3
extraordinary general meetings, the procedures of which have complied with the Company
Law, and the Articles of Association.
                                                                                                       59
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



         (II) Directors and the Board
               1.     Directors and Composition of the Board
                      Directors of the Company are elected or rotated at the general meeting. The sixth
                      session of the Board consists of 11 directors, including 2 executive directors, namely
                      Zeng Qinghong (Chairman) and Feng Xingya (General Manager); 5 non-executive
                      directors 1 , namely Chen Xiaomu, Ding Hongxiang, Guan Dayuan, Deng Lei and
                      Wang Yiwei; and 4 independent directors, namely Zhao Fuquan, Xiao Shengfang,
                      Wong Hakkun and Song Tiebo, accounting for over one-third of the total number of
                      members of the Board. Independent directors have diverse professional backgrounds
                      such as automobile industry, legal and compliance, audit and finance and strategic
                      management respectively, coming from different areas, whereas certain independent
                      directors have work experience as senior management in well-established enterprises
                      of various countries and areas. Furthermore, the Company appointed an additional
                      female director, thereby achieving the Board diversity of the Company in terms of
                      age, professional knowledge, work experience, region and gender. In the future, the
                      Company will enhance the diversity of the Board in more aspects in view of the needs
                      of Company’s development.


                      All directors have attended the meetings with an earnest and responsible attitude all
                      the time. They are familiar with the relevant laws and regulations and understand their
                      rights, responsibilities and obligations as a director. The directors believed that, the
                      Company has sufficient resources to continue its business in the foreseeable future and
                      there are no material uncertainties which may adversely affect the Company’s ability to
                      operate as a going concern.


                      During the reporting period, the Company convened 25 Board meetings. The
                      convening, holding and resolution procedures of the Board meetings have complied
                      with the Company Law, the Articles of Association and the Rules of Procedures of the
                      Board.




     1   Non-executive directors Chen Maoshan retired and Liu Zhijun resigned on 4 September 2023 and 28 September

         2023 respectively; Deng Lei and Wang Yiwei were appointed as non-executive directors on 4 September 2023

         and 31 October 2023 respectively.
60
                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                Annual Report 2023




                                             CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



2.   Powers of the Board
     The Board is accountable to the general meeting and exercises the following powers:


     (1)    To convene general meetings and report its work at the general meetings;


     (2)    To implement the resolutions of the general meetings;


     (3)    To decide on the business plans and investment plans of the Company;


     (4)    To decide on the mid-term and long-term development plans of the Company;


     (5)    To formulate annual financial budgets and financial accounts of the Company;


     (6)    To formulate the profit distribution plans and plans on making up losses of the
            Company;


     (7)    To formulate proposals for increase or reduction of the registered capital of the
            Company and issue and listing of bonds or other securities of the Company;


     (8)    To formulate plans for major acquisitions, purchase of shares of the Company
            or plans for merger, division, dissolution or alteration of corporate form of the
            Company;


     (9)    To determine external investments, purchases and sales of assets, pledge of
            assets, external guarantees, loans, entrusted asset management, disposal of
            assets and connected transactions of the Company, save for the matters that are
            required to be resolved at the general meeting pursuant to the law, regulations,
            the Articles of Association and other regulatory documents;


     (10)   To determine the establishment of the Company’s internal management
            structure and manpower deployment;


     (11)   To appoint or remove the general manager and the secretary to the Board based
            on the nomination by the chairman of the Board; to appoint or remove the
            deputy general manager, chief financial officer and other senior management
            of the Company based on the nomination by the general manager and to
            determine their remunerations and rewards and penalties;


     (12)   To formulate the basic management system of the Company;




                                                                                                      61
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



               (13)   To formulate proposals for amendment to the Articles of Association;


               (14)   To formulate the information disclosure system of the Company and to manage
                      information disclosure (including handling of inside information) of the Company;


               (15)   To propose the appointment or removal of the Company’s auditors at the general
                      meeting;


               (16)   To receive the work report and inspect the work of the general manager of the
                      Company;


               (17)   To formulate share incentive schemes;


               (18)   To be responsible for the establishment, refinement and effective implementation
                      of risk management, compliance management, internal control and other
                      systems, and make decisions on major issues related to risk management,
                      compliance management and internal control; and


               (19)   To review and resolve other matters required to be decided by the Board
                      pursuant to the laws, administrative regulations, departmental rules, the
                      requirements of the place where the Company’s shares are listed and the Articles
                      of Association.


               The exercise of power by the Board on the aforesaid matters or any transactions or
               arrangements of the Company shall be proposed for consideration and approval at the
               general meeting should the listing rules of the place where the shares of the Company
               are listed so require.


          3.   Responsibilities of Directors
               The directors acknowledge their responsibility for the preparation of annual financial
               statements and true and fair presentation of the Company’s business results and
               financial conditions. The Board, which is responsible for overseeing the preparation of
               annual financial statements, receives the Company’s monthly management accounts
               in respect of operation and updates on the Group’s performance, financial position
               and prospects. In preparing the financial statements for the year ended 31 December
               2023, the Board adopted appropriate accounting policies consistently, made prudent
               and reasonable judgements and estimates, and ensured that the financial statements
               were prepared on a going concern basis and show a true and fair view of the financial
               position of the Company and of the Group as at 31 December 2023 and of the financial
               performance and cash flows for the year.




62
                                                                                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                        Annual Report 2023




                                                                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



4.   Corporate Governance Functions
     The Board of the Company has adopted the terms of reference for directors to perform
     its corporate governance functions, which include the formulation and review of the
     Company’s corporate governance policy and practices; review and oversee the training
     and continuous professional development of the directors and senior management;
     review and oversee the Company’s policy and practices on compliance with law and
     regulations; formulate, review and oversee the Code of Conduct and Compliance
     Manual for employees and directors, and review the Company’s observance of
     the Corporate Governance Code and disclosures made in Chapter 4 – “Corporate
     Governance” of this report.


     For the year of 2023, the Board has performed the above corporate governance
     functions. During the year, the Company has complied with the code provisions in the
     Corporate Governance Code, the Appendix C1 of the Listing Rules.


5.   Director Training
     The directors of the Company actively participated in the relevant trainings of corporate
     governance, directors’ duties and operation management. The secretary to the Board
     and company secretary, Mr. Liu Xiangneng and the joint company secretary, Mr. Leung
     Chong Shun have complied with the professional training requirement under Rule
     3.29 of the Listing Rules during the year. All directors have also provided their relevant
     training records during the reporting period. Details regarding the training of directors
     during the reporting period are as follows:

                                                                                                                                         Wang        Chen
                                                                                                    Deng Lei                             Yiwei    Maoshan     Liu Zhijun
                                                                                                   (appointed                        (appointed    (retired   (resigned
                                                                                                        on 4                              on 31       on 4        on 28
                                Zeng     Feng      Zhao        Xiao    Wong                Chen September            Ding    Guan      October September September
     Directors               Qinghong   Xingya   Fuquan   Shengfang   Hakkun Song Tiebo   Xiaomu        2023)   Hongxiang   Dayuan        2023)      2023)        2023)

     Training participated       ABC      ABC      ABC         ABC      ABC        ABC       BC          ABC          BC      ABC           BC          BC           BC




     Notes:

     A:             Trainings on corporate governance of listed companies, directors’ duties and the relevant

                    trainings organised by stock exchanges or securities regulatory authorities;

     B:             Special training, seminars and conferences on aspects of economics, finance and corporate

                    management; and

     C:             Reading materials related to corporate governance, directors’ duties and regulations of

                    internal control and risk management; and attending seminars, forums and conferences,

                    etc.


                                                                                                                                                                           63
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



               All directors of the Company can timely access the relevant laws, regulations and other
               information relating to their continuing obligations through the secretary to the Board
               and the office of the Board. The Company ensures that all directors keep abreast of
               business development of the Company, the competitive and regulatory environment,
               as well as the development trend of the industry through provision of materials,
               conferences and seminars, which help directors understand their responsibilities and
               make right decisions and conduct effective supervision. The Company has adopted the
               Model Code as the code of conduct for securities transactions by directors. There is no
               financial, business, family or other material or related relationship existing among the
               directors.


               After making specific enquiries with all directors, all directors have confirmed that they
               have fully complied with the rules as required by the Model Code throughout the year
               of 2023.


          6.   Independence of the Independent Directors
               The Company’s independent directors have knowledge of the rights and obligations of
               the directors and independent directors of listed companies. In accordance with the
               Management Measures for Independent Directors of Listed Companies and Rule 3.13 of
               the Listing Rules, each of the independent directors has issued his annual confirmation
               of independence. The Company considers that they are independent.


               During the reporting period, independent directors were able to faithfully perform their
               duties of integrity and diligence in accordance with the requirements of relevant laws
               and regulations. The independent directors attended the meetings of the Board and
               its respective special committees, where discussions were raised and decisions were
               made regarding important matters. With professional knowledge and experience, the
               independent directors provided opinions on the Company’s standardised operations,
               carefully reviewed the fairness and objectivity of the terms of related transactions,
               expressed their opinions and performed their duties independently without being
               influenced by the Company’s controlling shareholder or other units and individuals that
               have an interest in the Company. During the reporting period, the Board has reviewed
               the implementation and effectiveness of relevant systems.


               The Company has reported to the independent directors the production and operation
               situation of the Company and the progress of significant events, submitted the
               annual reports and audit work schedule in compliance with the relevant requirements
               of the CSRC and the SSE concerning annual reports. Independent directors have
               communicated with the Company’s auditors in respect of the related issues of the
               audit process.




64
                                                                 Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                  Annual Report 2023




                                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



     During the reporting period, the independent directors did not hold dissenting views
     regarding resolutions of the Board or other matters which were resolved outside Board
     meetings.


     Apart from regular meetings of the Board, the Chairman has met with the independent
     directors without the presence of other directors during the year ended 31 December
     2023.


7.   Special Committees of the Board
     The Board has set up Strategy Committee, Audit Committee, Remuneration and
     Assessment Committee and Nomination Committee. Compositions of each of the
     committees of the Board are as follows:


     (1)     Strategy Committee of the Board comprises 6 directors, namely Zeng Qinghong,
             Feng Xingya, Zhao Fuquan, Song Tiebo, Guan Dayuan and Ding Hongxiang,
             among whom, Zhao Fuquan and Song Tiebo are independent directors and
             Zeng Qinghong is the chairman of the committee. The committee is mainly
             responsible for conducting research and making recommendations on the long-
             term development strategy and major investment decision of the Company.
             During the reporting period, 2 meetings of the Strategy Committee were held
             and all members attended the meetings, at which the matters with respect to
             the ESG Report and development plans were considered and reviewed.


     (2)     Audit Committee of the Board comprises 3 independent directors, namely Wong
             Hakkun, Xiao Shengfang and Song Tiebo, among whom Wong Hakkun is the
             chairman of the committee. Their primary duties are to supervise and review
             the annual audit work and internal audit system of the Company, the financial
             information and disclosure of the Company, and compliance supervision. During
             the reporting period, 6 meetings of the Audit Committee were held and all
             members attended the meetings. The Audit Committee mainly reviewed and
             deliberated the regular reports and results, profit distribution and appointment
             of auditors, and also timely reviewed the internal control system at the meetings.




                                                                                                        65
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



               (3)   Remuneration and Assessment Committee of the Board comprises 3 directors,
                     namely Xiao Shengfang, Song Tiebo and Ding Hongxiang, among whom, Xiao
                     Shengfang and Song Tiebo are independent directors and Xiao Shengfang
                     is the chairman of the committee. Their primary duties are to formulate the
                     assessment criteria and appraise the directors and senior management of
                     the Company, as well as formulate and review the remuneration policies and
                     proposals of directors and senior management of the Company. During the
                     reporting period, 5 meetings of the Remuneration and Assessment Committee
                     were held in total and all members attended the meetings. The Remuneration
                     and Assessment Committee reviewed the remuneration and appraisal proposal
                     of senior management for the year 2022 and the appraisal plan relating to the
                     share option incentive schemes of the Company, and recommendations were
                     provided to the Board.


               (4)   Nomination Committee of the Board comprises 3 directors, namely Xiao
                     Shengfang, Song Tiebo and Ding Hongxiang, among whom, Xiao Shengfang
                     and Song Tiebo are independent directors and Xiao Shengfang is the chairman
                     of the committee. Their duties are to make recommendations regarding the
                     candidates of senior management, the selection standards and procedures as
                     well as being responsible for reviewing the principle of diversified selection in
                     nomination of directors, assisting and maintaining the diversified visions and
                     various educational backgrounds and professional knowledge. During the year,
                     2 meetings of the Nomination Committee were held in total and all members
                     attended the meeting, at which the matters with respect to the by-election of
                     directors, as well as the appointment and dismissal of senior management were
                     considered and reviewed and recommendations were provided.


          8.   Board Diversity Policy
               According to the Board diversity policy of the Company (the “Diversity Policy”), when
               determining the composition of the Board, the Company will consider board diversity
               in terms of, among other things, age, gender, educational background, ethnicity,
               professional experience, skills, knowledge and term of service. All Board appointments
               will be based on meritocracy, and candidates will be considered against objective
               criteria, having due regard for the benefits of diversity on the Board. The Nomination
               Committee of the Company will disclose the composition of the Board annually
               in the annual report and monitor the implementation of the Diversity Policy. The
               Nomination Committee will review the Diversity Policy, when appropriate, to ensure
               the effectiveness of the Diversity Policy, and will recommend any such revisions to
               the Board for consideration and approval. During the reporting period, the Board has
               reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the Diversity Policy.




66
                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                               Annual Report 2023




                                            CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



     As the Company stated in the 2022 Annual Report, the Company was aiming to
     add one or more female director(s) to the Board to achieve the gender diversity of
     members before 31 December 2024, through various channels (including appointing
     an independent professional recruitment agency to assist in identifying potential
     candidates, referring to the nomination policy, or inviting existing directors, senior
     management or shareholders of the Company to recommend appropriate candidates).
     With the appointment of Ms. Deng Lei as a non-executive director of the Company
     on 4 September 2023, the relevant objective has been achieved. Nonetheless, the
     Company will continue to establish a potential director succession pipeline that
     empowers gender diversity in the long run.


     The Group strictly adheres to the Rules for Recruitment and Employment and the Rules
     for Management of Employee Salary and Benefit, treats employees of different races,
     genders, and beliefs equally, and conducts recruitment of staff and salary management
     in a fair and objective manner, thereby achieving diversity in all employees (including
     senior management) in terms of gender, age, cultural and educational background,
     professional experience, skills and knowledge. As of 31 December 2023, the number of
     female employees in the Group was 16,628, accounting for approximately 17.17% of the
     total number of employees; the number of male employees was 80,197, accounting for
     approximately 82.83% of the total number of employees. The Group will continue to
     promote and achieve gender diversity within its employees.


9.   Nomination Policy
     According to the nomination policy (the “Nomination Policy”) of the Company, in
     evaluating and selecting candidates for directorship, the Nomination Committee shall:


     (1)   review the structure and composition (including the skills, knowledge and
           experience) of the Board, with reference to the operations, assets scale and
           shareholding structure of the Company, annually and make recommendations
           to the Board on any proposed changes concerning the directors in line with the
           implementation of the Company’s strategy;


     (2)   study the selection criteria and procedures of the directors and senior
           management and to make recommendations to the Board;


     (3)   search extensively for the qualified candidates of the directors and senior
           management;


     (4)   review and make recommendations to the Board on the candidates of the
           directors and senior management;




                                                                                                     67
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



            (5)    review and make recommendations on the other senior management who
                   would be submitted to the Board for appointment;


            (6)    assess the independence of independent directors;


            (7)    give due regard to the benefits of diversity on the Board against objective criteria
                   with reference to the Diversity Policy when performing the duties set out above;


            (8)    review the Diversity Policy where appropriate, review the measurable objectives
                   and the progress of attainment under the Diversity Policy, and to disclose its
                   review in the annual report each year to ensure effective implementation;


            (9)    recommend to the Board on the appointment or reappointment of directors
                   and the succession plan for directors, in particular the chairman and the general
                   manager; and


            (10)   other matters conferred by the Board.


            The selection procedures of the directors and senior management are as follows:


            (1)    the Nomination Committee shall actively communicate with the relevant
                   departments of the Company to study the demand of the Company for new
                   directors and senior management and to produce the result in writing;


            (2)    the Nomination Committee may extensively look for candidates of the directors
                   and senior management within the Company and its controlling (investee)
                   enterprises as well as in the labour market;


            (3)    to obtain information about the occupation, education background, job title,
                   detailed information in relation to the work experience and all the part-time
                   positions of the preliminary proposed candidates and to produce the result in
                   writing;


            (4)    to seek the nominees’ approval on the nomination, otherwise he/she shall not be
                   nominated as the candidates of the directors and senior management;


            (5)    to convene meetings of the Nomination Committee and to review the
                   qualification of the preliminary proposed candidates according to the job criteria
                   of the directors and senior management;




68
                                                                                 Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023




                                                            CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



                 (6)    to recommend and to provide materials about the candidates of the directors
                        and senior management to the Board one to two months prior to the election of
                        new directors and the appointment of new senior management; and


                 (7)    to conduct other follow up work according to the decisions and feedbacks of the
                        Board.



    (III) Supervisors and Supervisory Committee
          The Supervisory Committee strictly performed its supervisory function in accordance with
          the requirements of relevant laws and regulations and the Articles of Association in a diligent
          and responsible manner.


          At present, the Supervisory Committee comprises 5 supervisors 2, namely Cao Xiandong,
          Huang Cheng, Huang Zhuo, Wang Yuan and Zhu Chun, among whom, Huang Zhuo, Wang
          Yuan and Zhu Chun are staff representative supervisors.


          Constitution of such committee was in compliance with requirements of laws and
          regulations and the Articles of Association.


          During the reporting period, the Supervisory Committee convened 9 meetings, the
          convening, holding and procedures of which are in compliance with relevant requirements
          under the Articles of Association and the Rules of Procedures of the Supervisory Committee.
          All supervisors attended the meetings of the Supervisory Committee held this year and
          performed their duties conscientiously.




2   Mr. Shi Lei, Ms. Chen Tian and Ms. Wang Lu have ceased to serve as supervisors since 27 February 2023, 5

    September 2023 and 26 February 2024 respectively. Ms. Wang Yuan and Ms. Zhu Chun were appointed as staff

    representative supervisors on 27 February 2023 and 26 February 2024 respectively.
                                                                                                                        69
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



       (IV) The Management
          The appointment, dismissal of and rewards and punishment for the senior management of
          the Company were in strict compliance with the provisions of relevant laws, regulations and
          the Articles of Association. The Company has clearly defined the roles and division of work
          between the Board and the management as well as the respective responsibilities of the
          chairman of the Board and the general manager in its Articles of Association, ensuring the
          independence of the Board in decision-making and the independence of the management
          in managing the daily operations. The management of the Company mainly exercises the
          following daily operation rights under the authorisation of the Board:


          (1)   to be responsible for the Company’s production, operation and management, to
                organise resources to carry out the Board’s resolutions, and to report to the Board;


          (2)   to organise the implementation of the Company’s annual business plan and
                investment plan;


          (3)   to draft plans for the establishment of the Company’s internal management structure;


          (4)   to formulate the Company’s basic management system;


          (5)   to formulate the specific rules and regulations of the Company;


          (6)   to propose the appointment or dismissal of the Company’s deputy general manager(s)
                and chief financial officer;


          (7)   to decide on the appointment or dismissal of management personnel and staff other
                than those required to be appointed or dismissed by the Board;


          (8)   to propose the convening of extraordinary Board meeting; and


          (9)   to exercise other powers conferred by the Articles of Association or the Board.




70
                                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                               Annual Report 2023




                                                             CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



          Pursuant to code provision E.1.5 of the Corporate Governance Code, the remuneration of the
          members of the senior management by band for the year 2023 is set out below:


                                                                                                  Number of
          Remuneration bands (RMB)                                                                    persons

          Less than 1,000,000                                                                                  1
          1,000,001 to 2,000,000                                                                               1
          2,000,001 to 3,000,000                                                                               8
          Total                                                                                               10




    (V) Company Secretary
          During the reporting period, the company secretaries of the Company are Mr. Liu Xiangneng3,
          senior management of the Company, and Mr. Leung Chong Shun, a practicing solicitor in
          Hong Kong and external service provider. The primary contact person of the Company is Mr.
          Liu Xiangneng, the secretary to the Board. The company secretaries have received relevant
          professional training which fulfilled the requirements of Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules.



    (VI) Appointment and Remuneration of External Auditor
          The external auditor appointed by the Company is PricewaterhouseCoopers. The auditor’s
          remuneration is disclosed in the paragraph titled “Appointment or Dismissal of Accountants”
          under Chapter 8 – “Significant Events” of this report.



    (VII) Investor Relations
          The Group has formulated relevant systems such as the Investor Relations Management System
          and the Working System for Investor Complaint Handling to ensure a sound communication
          with the shareholders. The Group communicates with its investors through multiple channels
          and at multiple levels. The communication method should be as convenient and effective as
          possible for investors and shareholders to express their opinions on various matters affecting
          the Group, and for the Group to seek and understand the opinions from shareholders and
          stakeholders. Above-mentioned methods include: general meetings, SSE E-interactive, investor
          relations column on the Company’s official website, open day for investors, investor hotline,
          email, visiting survey, performance briefing, roadshow, reverse roadshow activities, etc.




3   Ms. Sui Li has ceased to be a joint company secretary of the Company and the secretary to the Board with

    effect from 31 July 2023. Mr. Liu Xiangneng has been appointed as a joint company secretary of the Company

    and the secretary to the Board with effect from 24 October 2023.
                                                                                                                     71
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



           In 2023, the Group received a total of more than 1,500 person-times of surveys, participating
           in 127 teleconferencing surveys, visits and interviews and investor exchange summits/
           roadshows. The Group ensures smooth dialogue with minority shareholders and individual
           investors through the SSE E-interactive platform, hotline, IR mailbox, and the company’s
           official website. In 2023, the Group responded to 128 investor inquiries through the SSE
           E-interactive platform and 107 investor consultations through the hotline. In view of the
           various channels for communicating with investors and shareholders, the Group believes that
           the implementation and effectiveness of relevant systems during the year are effective and
           sufficient.



       (VIII) Amendments to the Articles of Association
           In order to comply with the core shareholder protection standards set out in Appendix A1
           to the Listing Rules as amended on 1 January 2022, the Company has made corresponding
           amendments to its Articles of Association according to the Plan for Institutional Reform
           of the State Council (《國務院機構改革方案》), the Guidelines on the Articles of Association for
           Listed Companies (Revised in 2022) (《上市公司章程指引》
                                                        （2022年修訂）) issued by the CSRC, the
           SSE Listing Rules (Revised in 2022) and the actual situation of the Company. The relevant
           amendments have been passed by way of special resolution on the 2023 first extraordinary
           general meeting convened by the Company on 20 January 2023. For details, please refer to
           the circular of the Company published on 4 January 2023.




72
                                                                                            Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                              Annual Report 2023




                                                                     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



II.   GENERAL MEETINGS


                                                   Enquiry index of the
                                                   designated website     Date of disclosure
                                                   for the publication of of the publication of
      Session of the meeting Date                  the resolutions        the resolutions         Resolutions of meetings

      2023 first extraordinary   20 January 2023   Websites of SSE and    20 January 2023         Resolutions of the 2023 first
        general meeting                              the Stock Exchange                             extraordinary general
        and 2023 first class                                                                        meeting and the 2023 first
        meetings for A and H                                                                        class meetings for A and H
        shareholders                                                                                shareholders
      2022 annual general        24 May 2023       Websites of SSE and    24 May 2023             Resolutions of the 2022
        meeting                                      the Stock Exchange                             annual general meeting
      2023 second                10 July 2023      Websites of SSE and    10 July 2023            Resolutions of the 2023
        extraordinary general                        the Stock Exchange                             second extraordinary
        meeting                                                                                     general meeting
      2023 third extraordinary   31 October 2023   Websites of SSE and    31 October 2023         Resolutions of the 2023 third
        general meeting                              the Stock Exchange                             extraordinary general
                                                                                                    meeting


      Convening of the general meetings of the Company were in strict compliance with the
      requirements under the Listing Rules of the SSE and the Stock Exchange, and relevant provisions
      of the Articles of Association and the Rules of Procedures of the General Meeting. The proposal
      and voting procedures were in compliance with the relevant requirements of laws and regulations,
      and all matters proposed for consideration were reviewed and approved by the general meetings.
      General meetings held during this reporting period were all witnessed by lawyers who issued legal
      opinions. The Company disclosed the announcement on general meetings’ resolutions in a timely,
      complete and accurate manner after the general meetings.




                                                                                                                                   73
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



     III. P R O F I L E S O F D I R E C T O R S , S U P E R V I S O R S A N D S E N I O R
          MANAGEMENT

               (I)        Particulars of Changes in the Shareholding and Remuneration
                          of Incumbent and Resigned Directors, Supervisors and Senior
                          Management During the Reporting Period
                                                                                                                                                                         Unit: A share

                                                                                                                                                                            Total
                                                                                                                                                                  remuneration
                                                                                                                                                                    (before tax)
                                                                                                                                                                        obtained
                                                                                                                                         Increase/                      from the
                                                                                                                                          decrease                     Company
                                                                                                       Number of      Number of         in number Reason              during the Remuneration
                                                                                                   shares held at shares held at         of shares for the             reporting from related
                                                            Commencement Expiry date of          the beginning of the end of the        during the increase/               period parties of the
     Name             Position (Note)        Gender Age     date of term term                            the year           year              year decrease          (RMB0'000) Company

     Zeng Qinghong Chairman and              Male      62   8 October 2021    8 October 2024              398,000            398,300            0–                        133.37 No
                   Party Secretary
     Feng Xingya   Director,                 Male      54   8 October 2021    8 October 2024              574,933            690,933       116,000 Exercise of            281.38 No
                   General Manager and                                                                                                             Share Option
                   Deputy Party Secretary                                                                                                          Incentive
                                                                                                                                                   Scheme
     Zhao Fuquan    Independent Director      Male     60   8 October 2021    8 October 2024                     0                 0             ––                           15 No
     Xiao Shengfang Independent Director      Male     54   8 October 2021    8 October 2024                     0                 0             ––                           15 No
     Wong Hakkun    Independent Director      Male     57   8 October 2021    8 October 2024                     0                 0             ––                           15 No
     Song Tiebo     Independent Director      Male     57   8 October 2021    8 October 2024                     0                 0             ––                           15 No
     Chen Xiaomu    Director and Deputy Party Male     48   8 October 2021    8 October 2024      97,367 (A shares) 97,367 (A shares)            0–                       122.23 No
                    Secretary                                                                    98,000 (H shares) 98,000 (H shares)
     Deng Lei       Staff Representative      Female   47   4 September 2023 8 October 2024                       –          229,620             ––                        74.15 No
                    Director and chairman of
                    the labour union
     Ding Hongxiang Director                  Male     57   8 October 2021    8 October 2024                    0                  0             ––                           0 No
     Guan Dayuan Director                     Male     60   8 October 2021    8 October 2024                    0                  0             ––                           0 No
     Wang Yiwei     Director                  Male     51   31 October 2023   8 October 2024                    0                  0             ––                           0 No
     Cao Xiandong Supervisor                  Male     43   8 October 2021    8 October 2024                    0                  0             ––                           0 No
     Huang Cheng Supervisor                   Male     49   8 October 2021    8 October 2024                    0                  0             ––                           0 No
     Huang Zhuo     Staff Representative      Male     43   8 October 2021    8 October 2024                    0                  0             ––                       86.68 No
                    Supervisor
     Wang Yuan      Staff Representative      Female   44   27 February 2023 8 October 2024                      –            62,900             ––                        88.17 No
                    Supervisor
     Wang Lu        Staff Representative      Female   55   8 October 2021    26 February 2024                  0                  0             ––                       60.65 No
                    Supervisor
     Yan Zhuangli   Deputy General Manager Male        55   8 October 2021    8 October 2024              260,000            260,000            0–                       235.34 No



74
                                                                                                                                      Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2023




                                                                                                   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



                                                                                                                                                                           Total
                                                                                                                                                                 remuneration
                                                                                                                                                                   (before tax)
                                                                                                                                                                       obtained
                                                                                                                                      Increase/                        from the
                                                                                                                                       decrease                       Company
                                                                                                     Number of      Number of        in number Reason                during the Remuneration
                                                                                                 shares held at shares held at        of shares for the               reporting from related
                                                         Commencement Expiry date of           the beginning of the end of the       during the increase/                 period parties of the
Name            Position (Note)           Gender Age     date of term term                             the year           year             year decrease            (RMB0'000) Company

Wang Dan        Chief accountant and      Female 53      8 October 2021    8 October 2024               739,868           654,968       -84,900 Reduction               242.66 No
                person in charge of                                                                                                              of shares
                accounting function                                                                                                              obtained
                                                                                                                                                 from exercise
                                                                                                                                                 of Share
                                                                                                                                                 Option
                                                                                                                                                 Incentive
                                                                                                                                                 Scheme
Gao Rui         Deputy General Manager    Male      44   8 October 2021    8 October 2024               224,000            168,000      -56,000 Reduction               238.79 No
                                                                                                                                                 of shares
                                                                                                                                                 obtained
                                                                                                                                                 from exercise
                                                                                                                                                 of Share
                                                                                                                                                 Option
                                                                                                                                                 Incentive
                                                                                                                                                 Scheme
Jiang Xiuyun    Deputy General Manager    Female    56   20 June 2022      8 October 2024                     0                 0              ––                       249.10 No
Yu Jun          Deputy General Manager    Male      57   20 June 2022      8 October 2024               343,000           343,000              0–                       229.14 No
Zheng Heng      Deputy General Manager    Male      53   20 June 2022      8 October 2024               350,979           350,979              0–                       226.24 No
Xia Xianqing    Deputy General Manager    Male      50   20 June 2022      8 October 2024               245,000           183,800        -61,200 Reduction              242.82 No
                                                                                                                                                 of shares
                                                                                                                                                 obtained
                                                                                                                                                 from exercise
                                                                                                                                                 of Share
                                                                                                                                                 Option
                                                                                                                                                 Incentive
                                                                                                                                                 Scheme
Liu Xiangneng   Secretary to the Board and Male     52   24 October 2023   8 October 2024                      –            53,880             ––                        41.04 No
                company secretary
Chen Maoshan    Staff Representative       Male     60   8 October 2021    4 September 2023 684,868 (A shares) 684,868 (A shares)             ––                         113.53 No
                Director and chairman of                                                     111,274 (H shares) 111,274 (H shares)
                the labour union
Liu Zhijun      Director                   Male     60   8 October 2021    28 September 2023                   0                 0            ––                              0 No
Chen Tian       Supervisor                 Female   46   8 October 2021    4 September 2023                    0                 0            ––                              0 No
Sui Li          Secretary to the Board and Female   55   8 October 2021    31 July 2023                  368,353           368,353            ––                         131.08 No
                company secretary
Shi Lei         Staff Representative       Male     50   8 October 2021    7 February 2023               120,395           120,395            ––                           8.81 No
                Supervisor
Zhu Chun        Staff Representative       Female   53   26 February 2024 8 October 2024                       –               No
                Supervisor
Total           /                         /         /    /                 /                                                                    /                      2,865.19 /


                                                                                                                                                                                                  75
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



          Notes:

          1.       On 7 February 2023, Mr. Shi Lei ceased to be a staff representative supervisor of the Company

                   due to work reallocation. Ms. Wang Yuan was elected as a staff representative supervisor of the

                   Company at the staff representative meeting.

          2.       On 31 July 2023, Ms. Sui Li resigned from the positions of the secretary to the Board and joint

                   company secretary of the Company due to work reallocation.

          3.       On 4 September 2023, Mr. Chen Maoshan ceased to serve as a staff representative director of the

                   Company due to reaching the retirement age. Ms. Deng Lei was elected as a staff representative

                   director of the Company at the staff representative meeting.

          4.       On 4 September 2023, Ms. Chen Tian resigned from the position of supervisor of the Company

                   due to personal work changes.

          5.       On 28 September 2023, Mr. Liu Zhijun ceased to serve as a director of the Company due to

                   reaching the retirement age.

          6.       On 24 October 2023, upon consideration and approval by the Board, Mr. Liu Xiangneng was

                   appointed as the secretary to the Board and joint company secretary of the Company.

          7.       On 31 October 2023, Mr. Wang Yiwei was elected as a director of the Company at the Company’s

                   general meeting.

          8.       On 26 February 2024, Ms. Wang Lu ceased to be a staff representative supervisor of the Company

                   due to reaching the age of retirement. Ms. Zhu Chun was elected as a staff representative

                   supervisor of the Company at the staff representative meeting.

          9.       If the term of some directors, supervisors and senior management is less than one complete year,

                   the total remuneration shall be annualised based on their actual term of office.

          10.      During the reporting period, Mr. Chen Maoshan, Mr. Liu Zhijun, Ms. Chen Tian, Ms. Sui Li and

                   Mr. Shi Lei ceased to serve as directors, supervisors or senior management of the Company. The

                   number of shares held at the end of the year of the above-mentioned Mr. Chen Maoshan, Mr. Liu

                   Zhijun, Ms. Chen Tian, Ms. Sui Li and Mr. Shi Lei represents respectively the number of shares held

                   by them on the expiry date of tenure, being the last day of their appointment and the last day on

                   which the Company was able to ascertain their interest in the Company.




76
                                                                                                                 Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2023




                                                                                  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



(II) Interests Required to be Disclosed under the SFO

    The following are the interests or short positions of the current and resigned directors,
    supervisors and chief executive of the Company in the shares, underlying shares and
    debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (as defined in Part XV of the SFO)
    as at 31 December 2023, which were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock
    Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short
    positions which he/she was deemed or taken to have under such provisions of the SFO)
    or which were required, pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register
    referred to therein, or which were required, pursuant to the Model Code, to be notified to the
    Company and the Stock Exchange:


                                                                                                        Number of
                                                                                                       interests in
                                                                                                       underlying                   Percentage in
                                                                                                       shares held                    the class of   Percentage
                                                          Class of                      Number of     under equity                   issued share of total share
    Name            Position                              shares     Capacity           shares held    derivatives         Total           capital       capital

    Zeng Qinghong   Chairman and Party Secretary          A shares   Beneficial owner       398,300              0      398,300           0.0054%       0.0038%

    Feng Xingya     Director and General Manager          A shares   Beneficial owner       690,933        674,000      1,364,933         0.0185%        0.0130%

    Chen Xiaomu     Director and Deputy Party Secretary   A shares   Beneficial owner        97,367              0        97,367          0.0013%       0.0009%
                                                          H shares   Beneficial owner        98,000              0       98,000           0.0032%       0.0009%
    Deng Lei        Director                              A shares   Beneficial owner       229,620        501,980       731,600          0.0099%       0.0070%
    Wang Yuan       Staff Representative Supervisor       A shares   Beneficial owner        62,900         161,000      223,900          0.0030%        0.0021%

    Yan Zhuangli    Deputy General Manager                A shares   Beneficial owner       260,000        606,000      866,000            0.0117%      0.0083%

    Wang Dan        Chief accountant and person in        A shares   Beneficial owner       654,968        606,000     1,260,968           0.0171%       0.0120%
                       charge of accounting function
    Gao Rui         Deputy General Manager                A shares   Beneficial owner       168,000        546,000       714,000          0.0097%       0.0068%

    Jiang Xiuyun    Deputy General Manager                A shares   Beneficial owner            0         450,000      450,000           0.0061%       0.0043%

    Yu Jun          Deputy General Manager                A shares   Beneficial owner       343,000        597,000      940,000           0.0127%       0.0090%

    Zheng Heng      Deputy General Manager                A shares   Beneficial owner       350,979        597,000       947,979          0.0128%       0.0090%

    Xia Xianqing    Deputy General Manager                A shares   Beneficial owner       183,800        597,000      780,800           0.0106%       0.0074%




                                                                                                                                                                   77
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



                                                                                                              Number of
                                                                                                             interests in
                                                                                                             underlying                 Percentage in
                                                                                                             shares held                  the class of   Percentage
                                                               Class of                      Number of      under equity                 issued share of total share
          Name            Position                             shares     Capacity           shares held     derivatives       Total           capital       capital

          Liu Xiangneng   Secretary to the Board and company   A shares   Beneficial owner        53,880         283,880    337,760          0.0046%         0.0032%
                             secretary
          Chen Maoshan*   Staff Representative Director and    A shares   Beneficial owner       684,868         498,500    1,183,368         0.0160%        0.0113%
                             chairman of the labour union
                             (retired on 4 September 2023)
                                                               H shares   Beneficial owner        111,274              0      111,274         0.0036%        0.0011%

          Sui Li*         Secretary to the Board and company   A shares   Beneficial owner       368,353         498,500    866,853            0.0117%      0.0083%
                             secretary
                             (resigned on 31 July 2023)
          Shi Lei*        Staff Representative Supervisor      A shares   Beneficial owner       120,395               0     120,395          0.0016%        0.0011%
                             (resigned on 27 February 2023)


          *          see Note 10 on page 76 of this report.


          Note: In view of good practice of corporate governance, interests of senior management (other than the
                     chief executive) in the Company are also disclosed in the above table.




78
                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                Annual Report 2023




                                          CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



Name            Main work experiences

Zeng Qinghong   Mr. Zeng is a senior engineer and a Ph.D. candidate in management science

                and engineering. Currently, Mr. Zeng is the Chairman, an executive director,

                the party secretary of the Company and the chairman of the Strategy

                Committee. He is also the chairman and party secretary of GAIG. He first joined

                the Company in 1997. He had served as the vice chairman of the Company

                from June 2005 to October 2016, general manager of the Company from June

                2005 to November 2016, and chairman of the Executive Committee of the

                Company from June 2013 to November 2016. Mr. Zeng was the vice chairman

                of GAIG from August 2008 to October 2016, general manager of GAIG from July

                2013 to October 2016. He has been serving the current positions since October

                2016. He was the chairman of GAC Toyota and vice chairman of GAC Toyota

                Engine from June 2013 to December 2016. He acted as the chairman of GAMC

                from August 2008 to June 2013, the chairman of GAC Gonow Automobile Co.,

                Ltd. (廣汽吉奧汽車有限公司) from January 2011 to June 2013 and the chairman

                of GAC FCA from January 2010 to June 2013. Prior to this, he held positions

                as chairman of GAC Business, GAC Component and GAC Hino, director

                and executive deputy general manager of GAC Honda and deputy general

                manager of GAIG and GAC Group. Mr. Zeng is a delegate of the 10th, 11th and

                13th National People’s Congress.




                                                                                                      79
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



          Name          Main work experiences

          Feng Xingya   Mr. Feng is currently an executive director, the general manager,
                        the chairman of the Executive Committee of the Company and a
                        member of the Strategy Committee. He is also a director of GAIG, the
                        chairman of GAMC, GAC AION and GAC International. Mr. Feng joined
                        the Group in 2004, he has held positions as the deputy head of the
                        sales department, deputy general manager, executive deputy general
                        manager and a director of GAC Toyota, a director of GAC Mitsubishi
                        and the vice chairman of Tong Fang Logistics. He has been the deputy
                        general manager of the Company since 2008. Since 25 March 2015,
                        he has been a director of the Company. He was the chairman of GAC
                        FCA, GAC FCA Sales Company (廣汽菲克銷售公司), Guang Ai Insurance
                        Brokers Limited (廣 愛 保 險 經 紀 有 限 公 司), Urtrust Insurance and Da
                        Sheng Technology. Mr. Feng served as a deputy general manager in
                        Zhengzhou Nissan Automobile Company Limited (鄭州日產汽車有限公司)
                        from June 1998 to June 2004. Mr. Feng graduated from Xi’an Jiaotong
                        University with a bachelor’s degree in engineering in July 1988 and a
                        master’s degree in business administration in July 2001. Mr. Feng is a
                        delegate of the 14th National People’s Congress and the 16th People’s
                        Congress in Guangzhou.

          Zhao Fuquan   Mr. Zhao is currently an independent non-executive director of the
                        Company and a member of the Strategy Committee. He is a professor
                        and PhD supervisor of the School of Vehicle and Mobility of Tsinghua
                        University, the dean of Tsinghua Automotive Strategy Research Institute
                        (TASRI), the Chairman of the International Federation of Automotive
                        Engineering Societies (FISITA) (2018-2021), and an independent director
                        of China Automotive Engineering Research Institute Co., Ltd. (中 國
                        汽 車 工 程 研 究 院 股 份 有 限 公 司) and Weichai Power Co., Ltd. (濰 柴 動 力 股
                        份 有 限 公 司). He successively served as the research director of USA
                        DaimlerChrysler, the vice president and general manager of the R&D
                        center of Shenyang Brilliance Jinbei Automobile Co., Ltd. (沈陽華晨金杯
                        汽車有限公司), vice president of Zhejiang Geely Holding Group Co., Ltd. (浙
                        江吉利控股集團) and an executive director of Geely Automobile Holdings
                        Limited (吉利汽車控股有限公司), a director of BMW Brilliance Automotive
                        Ltd. (華晨寶馬公司), the chairman of the board of Australia DSI Holdings
                        Ltd. (澳大利亞DSI控股公司), a director of Manganese Bronze Holdings (英
                        國 錳 銅 公 司) and an independent director of BAIC Motor Corporation
                        Limited (北京汽車股份有限公司). Mr. Zhao graduated from Jilin University
                        of Technology as an undergraduate with a bachelor’s degree in
                        Internal Combustion Engine in July 1985. He graduated from Hiroshima
                        University as a postgraduate with a master’s degree in mechanical
                        engineering in March 1989, and graduated from Hiroshima University
                        as a postgraduate with a doctorate degree in mechanical engineering
                        in March 1992.
80
                                                          Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                           Annual Report 2023




                                        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



Name             Main work experiences

Xiao Shengfang   Mr. Xiao is currently an independent non-executive director of the
                 Company, the chairman of the Remuneration and Assessment
                 Committee, the chairman of the Nomination Committee and a
                 member of the Audit Committee. He is the supervisor of Guangdong
                 Sino-Win Law Firm, an expert in complicated civil and commercial
                 dispute resolution, a representative of the 13th National People’s
                 Congress, the vice president of the All China Lawyers Association,
                 the chairman of the Guangdong Lawyers Association, a special
                 supervisor of the Supreme People’s Court and the Supreme People’s
                 Procuratorate, the vice chairman of the Guangdong Province
                 Law Society, a member of the Guangdong Provincial Judges and
                 Prosecutors Disciplinary Committee, an arbitrator of the Guangzhou
                 Arbitration Commission, and the vice chairman of the Guangzhou
                 Law Society; and an independent director of Guangzhou Lingnan
                 International Enterprise Group Co., Ltd. (廣 州 嶺 南 國 際 企 業 集 團 有 限 公
                 司), Guangzhou Municipal Construction Group Co., Ltd. (廣 州 市 建 築 集
                 團有限公司), Kingfa Scientific and Technological Co., Ltd. (金發科技股份
                 有限公司) and Guangzhou Port Co., Ltd. (廣州港股份有限公司). He once
                 served as the vice president of Guangzhou Lawyers Association, the
                 deputy director of the Labor Law Professional Committee of All China
                 Lawyers Association and an independent director of Guangdong
                 Fenghua High-tech Co., Ltd. (廣東風華高新科技股份有限公司). He obtained
                 a master’s degree in business administration from Jinan University in
                 2002.




                                                                                                 81
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



          Name          Main work experiences

          Wong Hakkun   Mr. Wong is currently an independent non-executive director of the
                        Company and the chairman of the Audit Committee. He is a member
                        of each of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants,
                        the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants, the Institute of
                        Chartered Management Accountants and the Institute of Chartered
                        Secretaries and Administrators, an independent non-executive director
                        and the chairman of audit committee of Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd.
                        (海爾智家股份有限公司), an independent non-executive director and the
                        chairman of audit committee of Yue Yuen Industrial (Holdings) Limited
                        (裕 元 工 業（ 集 團 ）有 限 公 司), an independent non-executive director and
                        the chairman of audit committee of Lung Kee (Bermuda) Holdings
                        Limited (龍記（百慕達）集團有限公司), and an independent non-executive
                        director and the chairman of audit committee of Hangzhou SF Intra-
                        city Industrial Co., Ltd. (杭 州 順 豐 同 城 實 業 股 份 有 限 公 司). He served as
                        an independent non-executive director and the chairman of audit
                        committee of Zhejiang Cangnan Instrument Group Company Limited
                        (浙江蒼南儀表集團股份有限公司) from June 2018 to 24 July 2021. He was an
                        audit partner of Deloitte China from 1992 to 2013 and a national audit
                        and assurance leading partner and a member of the management
                        leadership team of Deloitte China from 2013 to 2017. Mr. Wong has
                        extensive experience in auditing, assurance and management. He
                        graduated from the Faculty of Social Sciences of the University of
                        Hong Kong as an undergraduate with a bachelor’s degree in social
                        sciences majoring in economics and management in May 1980.




82
                                                        Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                         Annual Report 2023




                                     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



Name          Main work experiences

Song Tiebo    Mr. Song is currently an independent non-executive director of the
              Company, a member of the Strategy Committee, the Remuneration
              and Assessment Committee, the Nomination Committee and the
              Audit Committee. He is a professor and doctoral tutor of the China
              Enterprises Strategic Management Research Center of the South
              China University of Technology. He has been focusing on teaching and
              researching in the field of enterprise strategic management for a long
              time. He has recently focused on the research on the collaborative
              evolution of Chinese enterprises strategies and institutional
              environment. Mr. Song currently serves as an independent director of
              Guangdong Xinbao Electrical Appliances Holdings Co., Ltd. (廣 東 新 寶
              電器股份有限公司) and Guangdong Sky Dragon Technology Group Co.,
              Ltd. (廣東天龍科技集團股份有限公司), and a former independent director
              of Guangzhou Zhujiang Brewery Group Co., Ltd. (廣 州 珠 江 啤 酒 股 份 有
              限公司). He graduated from South China University of Technology as
              an undergraduate with a bachelor’s degree in inorganic nonmetallic
              materials science and engineering in June 1988. In December 1993,
              he graduated from South China University of Technology as a
              postgraduate with a master’s degree in management science and
              engineering, and graduated from South China University of Technology
              as a postgraduate with a doctorate degree in enterprise management
              in July 2005.


Chen Xiaomu   Mr. Chen is currently a non-executive director, the deputy party
              secretary and the head of party work department of the Company.
              Mr. Chen is also a director of GAIG. He served as the head of human
              resources department of the Company, the party secretary, the
              secretary to the disciplinary committee, the chairman of labour union
              and a director of GAC Mitsubishi and a director of GAC Mitsubishi
              Motor Sales Co., Ltd. (廣汽三菱汽車銷售有限公司). He graduated from Jilin
              University of Technology majoring in international trade in 1999 as an
              undergraduate with a bachelor’s degree in engineering. In 2011, Mr.
              Chen graduated from the School of Business Administration, South
              China University of Technology majoring in business administration as
              a postgraduate with a master’s degree in business administration. He
              graduated from Jilin University majoring in business administration in
              2018 as a postgraduate with a doctorate degree in management.




                                                                                               83
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



          Name             Main work experiences

          Deng lei         Ms. Deng is currently a non-executive director (staff representative)
                           and the chairwoman of the labour union of the Company. She
                           previously served as the assistant to the general manager, a office
                           director and the director of the general manager’s office and party
                           committee office of the Company, and a member of the Executive
                           Committee of the Company. She graduated from South China Normal
                           University with a bachelor’s degree of arts in July 1999.


          Ding Hongxiang   Mr. Ding is currently a non-executive director of the Company,
                           a member of the Strategy Committee, the Remuneration and
                           Assessment Committee, and the Nomination Committee, and a
                           director and the deputy party secretary of China National Machinery
                           Industry Corporation Limited (中國機械工業集團有限公司). Mr. Ding is the
                           vice president of China Association of Automobile Manufacturers, the
                           vice president of Society of Automotive Engineers of China, and the
                           former deputy general manager of China National Machinery Industry
                           Corporation Limited (中 國 機 械 工 業 集 團 有 限 公 司). Mr. Ding graduated
                           from Huazhong University of Science and Technology (undergraduate)
                           in 1986, and obtained a master’s degree and a doctoral degree in
                           western economics from Huazhong Institute of Technology in 1989 and
                           Huazhong University of Science and Technology in 2011, respectively.


          Guan Dayuan      Mr. Guan is currently a non-executive director of the Company, a
                           member of the Strategy Committee, the deputy party secretary of
                           Wanxiang Group, an executive director of Wanxiang 123 Holdings
                           Co., Ltd. (萬 向 一 二 三 股 份 公 司), the chairman and general manager of
                           Shangwan Clean Intelligent Vehicle Co., Ltd. (上萬清源智動車有限公司),
                           the chairman of the board of supervisors of Shunfa Hengye Co., Ltd. (順
                           發恒業股份公司), the chairman of the board of supervisors of Wanxiang
                           Finance Co., Ltd. (萬向財務公司), the chairman of Wanxiang Resources
                           Co., Ltd. (萬 向 資 源 有 限 公 司), the chairman of Puxing Energy Limited,
                           and a supervisor of Shanghai Advanced Traction Battery Systems
                           Co.,Ltd.. He successively served as the general manager of Wanxiang
                           123 Holdings Co., Ltd., the chairman of Wanxiang Qianchao Co., Ltd.
                           (萬向錢潮股份公司), an assistant to general manager and the director of
                           the general manager’s office of Wanxiang Group Corporation Ltd. (萬
                           向集團公司), the general manager of Shenzhen Wanxiang Investment
                           Co., Ltd. (深圳萬向投資有限公司), and the senior executive vice president
                           of Wanxiang Group Corporation Ltd. (萬向集團公司). He is a holder of
                           master’s degree and is a senior Economist.

84
                                                         Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                          Annual Report 2023




                                       CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



Name           Main work experiences

Wang Yiwei     Mr. Wang is currently a non-executive director of the Company, the
               party committee, the chairman and a director of Guangzhou Industrial
               Investment Fund Management Co., Ltd. (廣 州 產 業 投 資 基 金 管 理 有 限 公
               司), a director of Guangzhou City Investment Co., Ltd. (廣州市城投投資
               有限公司), and the chairman and legal representative of Furong Fund
               Management Co., Ltd. (富榮基金管理有限公司). He previously acted as the
               deputy party committee secretary, general manager and a director
               of Guangzhou Industrial Investment Fund Management Co., Ltd. (廣
               州產業投資基金管理有限公司), the chairman and legal representative of
               Guangzhou New Central Axis Construction Co., Ltd. (廣 州 新 中 軸 建 設
               有限公司), the head of the investment and development department
               of Guangzhou City Infrastructure Investment Group Limited (廣 州 市
               城市建設投資集團有限公司), and the chairman and legal representative
               of Guangzhou City Investment Co., Ltd. (廣 州 市 城 投 投 資 有 限 公 司).
               He graduated from Sun Yat-sen University majoring in auditing at
               the School of Management, and obtained a bachelor’s degree in
               economics in 1995.


Cao Xiandong   Mr. Cao is currently a supervisor of the Company. Mr. Cao is currently
               the party secretary, general manager and legal representative of Wanli
               Tire Co., Ltd. (萬力輪胎股份有限公司), and also deputy head of the auto
               parts division of Guangzhou Industrial Holdings. He successively served
               as the deputy general manager of the strategic planning department
               and the deputy director of the general office of Guangzhou Industrial
               Holdings, and the deputy party secretary, a director and the general
               manager of Wanli Tire Co., Ltd. (萬力輪胎股份有限公司).


Huang Cheng    Mr. Huang is currently a supervisor of the Company, the general
               manager assistant of Guangzhou Finance Holdings Group Co., Ltd.
               (廣 州 金 融 控 股 集 團 有 限 公 司), the chairman and legal representative
               of Guangzhou Jinkong Fund Management Co., Ltd. (廣 州 金 控 基 金 管
               理 有 限 公 司). He once served as the general manager of investment
               management department of Guangzhou Finance Holdings Group
               Co., Ltd. (廣州金融控股集團有限公司) and a director of Guangdong Equity
               Exchange Co., Ltd. (廣東股權交易中心股份有限公司). He graduated from
               the School of Business Administration, South China University of
               Technology majoring in management science and engineering as a
               postgraduate with a doctorate degree in management.




                                                                                                85
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



          Name         Main work experiences

          Huang Zhuo   Mr. Huang is currently a staff representative supervisor, the deputy
                       head of compliance department and the head of each of the audit
                       department and the risk control department of the Company. He
                       concurrently acts as the chairman of the supervisory committee
                       of GAC Finance Company, a supervisor of GAC Capital, GAC Honda
                       Automobile Sales Co., Ltd. (廣 汽 本 田 汽 車 銷 售 有 限 公 司), GAC BYD, Da
                       Sheng Technology and GAC International. Mr. Huang previously served
                       as the chief financial officer of GAEI and the audit manager of KPMG
                       Huazhen LLP Guangzhou branch. In 2007, he graduated from the
                       University of Wollongong majoring in accounting and obtained a
                       postgraduate degree and a master’s degree in accounting.


          Wang Yuan    Ms. Wang is currently a staff representative supervisor and the deputy
                       secretary and the director of the general office of the disciplinary
                       committee of the Company. She previously served as the deputy
                       director of the general office of the disciplinary committee of the
                       Company, the general party branch secretary of the technology
                       centre of and the chairman of the labor union of GAC Component
                       Co., Ltd. Technical Centre. Ms. Wang graduated from the Department
                       of Information Management of the School of Information Science
                       and Technology of Sun Yat-sen University with a bachelor’s degree
                       in management in 2002, and obtained a master’s degree in business
                       administration from Lingnan College, Sun Yat-Sen University in June
                       2009.


          Zhu Chun     Ms. Zhu is currently a staff representative supervisor, the vice
                       chairwoman of the labour union, the head of the budget review
                       committee of the labour union, the head of the female workers
                       committee of the labour union, the head of the labour union office,
                       and the chairwoman of the headquarters of the labour union of the
                       Company. She previously served as the deputy head of the female
                       workers committee of the labour union and the deputy head of the
                       labour union office of the Company. Ms. Zhu graduated from Hubei
                       University in economic management in July 1990.




86
                                                           Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                            Annual Report 2023




                                       CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



Name           Main work experiences

Yan Zhuangli   Mr. Yan is currently the deputy general manager and a member of the
               Executive Committee of the Company, and a director of GAMC and
               GAC Internal. He previously served as a director and the deputy party
               secretary of the Company, a director of GAIG, the chairman of GAC
               FCA, Guangzhou Motor (now known as Zhicheng Industry) and GAC
               Business, the party secretary of GAC Toyota, a director of GAC Honda,
               the chairman of GAC Component and a director of GAC Hino. He has
               successively studied in the department of social sciences of Central
               South Industrial University and the master of business administration
               in the School of Management of Sun Yat-sen University, and obtained
               a university diploma, a bachelor’s degree in law and a master’s degree
               in business administration, respectively. He is a senior economist.


Wang Dan       Ms. Wang is currently the deputy general manager, the chief financial
               officer, and a member of the Executive Committee of the Company.
               She is concurrently serves as the chairwoman of GAC Finance
               Company and a director of GAMC and GAC International. Ms. Wang
               joined GAC Group in March 1999, and has been the Company’s chief
               financial officer and financial controller since 2005. Prior to this, Ms.
               Wang served in the financial audit department of Guangzhou Junda
               Automobile Enterprise Group (廣 州 駿 達 汽 車 企 業 集 團) and was the
               deputy head of the financial audit division of Guangzhou Automobile
               Group Company Limited (廣州汽車集團有限公司), the chairwoman of the
               supervisory committees of GAMC and GAC Energy, the chairwoman
               of Guangzhou Guangyue Assets Administration Co., Ltd. (廣 州 廣 悅 資
               產 管 理 有 限 公 司), Guangzhou Zhicheng Industry Co., Ltd. (廣 州 智 誠 實
               業 有 限 公 司) and GAC-SOFINCO, and the deputy general manager of
               GAC Group. Ms. Wang graduated from the Sun Yat-Sen University
               with a bachelor’s degree in July 1992 and the School of Management
               of Zhongshan University with a senior executive master’s degree in
               business administration in June 2005. She is a senior accountant and
               non-practicing registered accountant.




                                                                                                  87
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



          Name           Main work experiences

          Gao Rui        Mr. Gao is currently the deputy general manager, a member of
                         the Executive Committee and the head of the public relations and
                         publicity department of the Company. He concurrently acts as the
                         chairman of GAC Honda, Wuyang-Honda, Guangzhou Chenqi Mobility
                         Technology Co., Ltd. (廣州宸祺出行科技有限公司) and Guangzhou Chenqi
                         Automobile Service Co., Ltd. (廣州宸祺汽車服務有限公司). He previously
                         served as the head of the assets management department of the
                         Company, the chairman and general manager of China Lounge
                         Investments, the general manager of Denway Motors Limited (駿威汽車
                         有限公司) and the chairman and general manager of Guangzhou Auto
                         Group (Hong Kong) Limited (廣汽集團（香港）有限公司). He is a holder of
                         bachelor’s degree and MBA degree.


          Jiang Xiuyun   Ms. Jiang is currently the deputy general manager, general legal
                         counsel, a member of Executive Committee and the head of the
                         compliance department of the Company, and concurrently serves as
                         a director of GAC Toyota and the chairman of Da Sheng Technology.
                         She previously served as the chief accountant, a staff representative
                         supervisor, the deputy head of compliance department, the head of
                         risk control department and the head (senior assistant level) of the
                         audit department of the Company, the chairman of GAC Mitsubishi,
                         the chairman of the supervisory committees of Guangzhou Zhicheng
                         Industry Co., Ltd. (廣 州 智 誠 實 業 有 限 公 司) and Guangzhou Guangyue
                         Assets Administration Co., Ltd. (廣州廣悅資產管理有限公司), the director
                         of the financial tax audit office of the Audit Bureau of Guangzhou
                         Municipality (廣州市審計局財政稅務審計處). In 1988, she graduated with
                         specialisation in auditing from the school of accounting of Guangdong
                         University of Business Studies (廣 東 商 學 院) and obtained a diploma.
                         In 2002, she graduated with a major in economics from Xiamen
                         University and obtained a bachelor’s degree. She is a delegate of the
                         17th People’s Congress in Yuexiu District, Guangzhou.




88
                                                        Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                         Annual Report 2023




                                      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



Name           Main work experiences

Yu Jun         Mr. Yu is currently the deputy general manager, a member of the
               Executive Committee, and the head of the finance department of
               the Company. He concurrently serves the chairman of China Lounge
               Investments, Guangzhou Auto Group (Hong Kong) Limited (廣 汽 集
               團（ 香 港 ）有 限 公 司), GAC-SOFINCO and GAC Capital. Mr. Yu previously
               served as a director and the general manager of GAMC, a director and
               the executive deputy general manager of GAC Honda, a director and
               the chairman of GAC AION and the chairman of GAC International.
               He graduated from the Department of Economics and Management
               of Wuhan University with a bachelor’s degree in economics, and
               Guanghua School of Management of Peking University with a EMBA
               degree.


Zheng Heng     Mr. Zheng is currently the deputy general manager, and a member of
               the Executive Committee of the Company. He concurrently serves as
               the chairman of UPOWER Energy, and a director of GAMC and GAC
               International. He previously served as the deputy general manager
               of GAC Toyota, a director of GAC Business, GAC-SOFINCO and GAC
               AION, a director and the executive deputy general manager of GAC
               Honda, and a director and the executive deputy general manager of
               GAC Honda Automobile Sales Co., Ltd. (廣汽本田汽車銷售有限公司). Mr.
               Zheng graduated from China University of Petroleum as a bachelor in
               economics, majoring in economics with a university degree.


Xia Xianqing   Mr. Xia is currently the deputy general manager, a member of the
               Executive Committee, and the head of the strategic development
               department of the Company. He concurrently serves as the chairman
               of GAC Honda, the vice chairman of GAC Toyota Engine, a director
               of GAMC, GAC AION and GAC International. Mr. Xia previously served
               as the chairman and general manager of GAC Business, the deputy
               general manager and head of the sales department of GAC Honda,
               and a director of Wuyang-Honda. He graduated from the Mechanical
               Engineering Department of Tongji University with a bachelor’s degree
               in engineering.




                                                                                               89
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



          Name            Main work experiences

          Liu Xiangneng   Mr. Liu is currently a member of the Executive Committee, the
                          secretary to the Board and the joint company secretary, the deputy
                          head of the finance department, and the head of the capital operation
                          department. He previously took office at the investment banking
                          department of Guangdong Securities Co., Ltd. (廣 東 證 券 股 份 有 限 公 司)
                          and Guangzhou Baolong Motors Co., Ltd. (廣州東方寶龍汽車工業股份有限
                          公司). He successively served as the director of the Board office and the
                          Supervisory Committee office, and the deputy head and the head of
                          the capital operation department of the Company, and a director and
                          the general manager of GAC Capital. Mr. Liu graduated from Nankai
                          University (南 開 大 學) in July 1999 as a postgraduate with a master’s
                          degree in economics. He is also a non-practising member of the
                          Chinese Institute of Certified Public Accountants.




90
                                                                                                                                   Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2023




                                                                                             CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



(IV) Terms of Office of Incumbent and Resigned Directors, Supervisors
     and Senior Management during the Reporting Period
    1.   Term of Office in Shareholders’ Units
                                                                                              Position held in shareholders’ Commencement                  Expiry date of
         Name of staff                                Name of shareholders’ unit              unit                                      date of term       term

         Zeng Qinghong                                GAIG                                    Chairman                                  October 2016
         Feng Xingya                                  GAIG                                    Director                                  August 2017
         Chen Xiaomu                                  GAIG                                    Director                                  March 2020
         Yan Zhuangli                                 GAIG                                    Director                                  November 2023
         Ding Hongxiang                               China Industry National Corporation Director and Deputy Party                     July 2022
                                                                 Machinery Limited                        Secretary
         Wang Yiwei                                   Guangzhou Industrial Investment         Director, General Manager and February 2023                  December 2023
                                                                 Fund Management Co., Ltd.                Deputy Party Secretary
         Wang Yiwei                                   Guangzhou Industrial Investment         Chairman and Party Secretary              December 2023
                                                                 Fund Management Co., Ltd.
         Cao Xiandong                                 Guangzhou Industrial Investment         Vice Minister of Autopart                 December 2020
                                                                 Holdings Group                           Division
         Huang Cheng                                  Guangzhou Jinkong Fund                  Chairman                                  June 2021

         Management Co., Ltd.                         Chairman
                                                                 Management Co., Ltd.         June 2021




         Term of office in                            If expiry date of term is not stated, the appointment of the staff will continue and there is no fixed expiry
                                shareholders’ units              date of term.




                                                                                                                                                                            91
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



          2.   Term of Office in Other Units
                                                                                                  Commencement     Expiry date of
               Name of staff    Name of other unit                   Position held in such unit   date of term     term

               Zeng Qinghong    Energy-saving and New Energy         Member                       November 2016
                                  Automotive Technology Roadmap
                                  Steering Committee
               Zeng Qinghong    China Association of Automobile      Vice President               March 2015
                                  Manufacturers
               Zeng Qinghong    Society of Automotive Engineers of   Honorary President           February 2015
                                  Guangdong Province
               Feng Xingya      Guangdong Automobile Industry        President                    September 2020
                                  Association
               Zhao Fuquan      Weichai Power Co., Ltd.              Independent Director         June 2023
               Zhao Fuquan      China Automotive Engineering         Independent Director         November 2023
                                  Research Institute Co., Ltd.
               Xiao Shengfang   Guangdong Lawyers Association        President                    December 2016
               Xiao Shengfang   Guangzhou Lingnan International      Independent Director         March 2015
                                  Enterprise Group Co., Ltd.
               Xiao Shengfang   Guangzhou Municipal Construction     Independent Director         January 2020
                                  Group Co., Ltd.
               Xiao Shengfang   Guangdong Fenghua High-tech Co., Independent Director             November 2021    January 2024
                                  Ltd.
               Xiao Shengfang   Kingfa Technology Co., Ltd.          Independent Director         January 2021
               Xiao Shengfang   Guangzhou Port Co., Ltd.             Independent Director         May 2022
               Wong Hakkun      Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd.           Independent Director         June 2020
               Wong Hakkun      Hangzhou SF Intra-city Industrial Co., Independent Director       November 2021
                                  Ltd.
               Wong Hakkun      Yue Yuen Industrial (Holdings)       Independent Director         June 2018
                                  Limited
               Wong Hakkun      Lung Kee (Bermuda) Holdings          Independent Director         June 2018
                                  Limited
               Song Tiebo       Guangzhou Zhujiang Brewery Group Independent Director             October 2016     January 2023
                                  Co., Ltd.




92
                                                                                            Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023




                                                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



                                                                                                   Commencement          Expiry date of
Name of staff           Name of other unit                       Position held in such unit        date of term          term

Song Tiebo              Guangdong Sky Dragon Technology Independent Director                       July 2019
                           Group Co., Ltd.
Song Tiebo              Guangdong Xinbao Electrical              Independent Director              August 2020
                           Appliances Co., Ltd.
Guan Dayuan             Puxing Energy Limited                    Chairman of the Board             February 2024
Guan Dayuan             Shangwan Clean Intelligent Vehicle       Chairman of the Board and         January 2024
                           Co., Ltd.                               General Manager
Guan Dayuan             Wanxiang 123 Holdings Co., Ltd.          Director                          April 2021
Guan Dayuan             Shunfa Hengye Corporation                Chairman of the Supervisory       April 2021
                                                                   Committee
Guan Dayuan             Wanxiang Resources Co., Ltd.             Chairman of the Board             April 2019
Guan Dayuan             Wanxiang Finance Co., Ltd.               Chairman of the Supervisory       February 2016
                                                                   Committee
Cao Xiandong            Wanli Tire Co., Ltd.                     Director, Party Secretary and     April 2021
                                                                   General Manager
Term of office in other If expiry date of term is not stated, the appointment of the staff will continue and there is no fixed expiry
  units                    date of term.




                                                                                                                                          93
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



       (V) Remuneration for Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management
           Decision-making procedures for        The Remuneration and Assessment Committee of the
            fixing the remuneration of the       Board conducted appraisal of the remuneration of the
            directors, supervisors and senior    senior management of the Company and formulated the
            management                           incentive program, which shall be implemented after the
                                                 approval of the Board. The allowance for independent
                                                 directors is implemented after the approval of the Board
                                                 and the general meeting. The remuneration of other
                                                 directors and supervisors is determined in accordance
                                                 with the related remuneration policy of the Company.

           Whether directors abstain             Yes
            from discussions on their
            remuneration at the Board

           Details of the Remuneration           During the reporting period, the Remuneration and
            and Assessment Committee              Assessment Committee of the Board expressed
            or special meetings of                unequivocal approval opinions on the annual
            independent directors                 appraisal and remuneration plan for the Company’s
            issuing recommendations               senior management submitted for deliberation.
            on remuneration matters for
            directors, supervisors, and
            senior management

           Basis for determination of the        The remuneration of independent directors of the
            remuneration of the directors,       Company is implemented in accordance with the plan
            supervisors and senior               approved at the general meeting; the remuneration of
            management                           other directors and supervisors are determined by both
                                                 the formulated remuneration policy of the Company
                                                 and the yearly assessment results. The remuneration
                                                 of senior management of the Company is determined
                                                 in accordance with the relevant assessment program
                                                 combined with the annual results of the Company and
                                                 their individual performance.

           Actual payment of the                 The remuneration of independent directors is paid
            remuneration of the directors,       in accordance with the plan approved at the general
            supervisors and senior               meeting; no other directors or supervisors have received
            management                           remuneration from the Company merely in their capacity
                                                 as directors or supervisors; the remuneration of senior
                                                 management is paid upon review and consideration by
                                                 the Board and in accordance with relevant regulatory
                                                 policies.

           Total remuneration paid to all        RMB28.6519 million
             directors, supervisors and senior
             management as at the end of
             the reporting period
94
                                                            Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                              Annual Report 2023




                                             CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



(VI) Changes of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management of the
     Company
                                   Way of
    Name            Position       Change          Reason for change

    Deng Lei        Director       Assumption of   Elected as the new staff
                                    office          representative director at the staff
                                                    representative meeting, due to
                                                    the retirement of the former staff
                                                    representative director
    Wang Yiwei      Director       Assumption of   Election at general meetings
                                    office
    Liu Xiangneng   Secretary to   Appointment     Appointed as the new secretary to
                     the Board                      the Board by the Board, due to the
                                                    resignation of the former secretary
                                                    to the Board by reason of Work
                                                    reallocation
    Wang Yuan       Supervisor     Assumption of   Elected as the new staff
                                    office          representative supervisor at the
                                                    staff representative meeting, due
                                                    to the re-designation of the former
                                                    staff representative supervisor
    Chen Maoshan    Director       Resignation     Retirement
    Liu Zhijun      Director       Resignation     Retirement
    Sui Li          Secretary to   Resignation     Work reallocation
                     the Board
    Chen Tian       Supervisor     Resignation     Work reallocation
    Shi Lei         Supervisor     Resignation     Re-designation




                                                                                                   95
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



        (VII) Interests of Directors or Supervisors in Contracts
             None of the directors or supervisors has entered into any service contract with the Company
             or any of its subsidiaries, which is not determinable by the Group within one year without
             payment of compensation (other than statutory compensation).


             No transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance in relation to the Group’s business
             to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries was a party and in which a director or
             a supervisor and a connected entity of a director or a supervisor had a material interest,
             whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year.



     IV. BOARD MEETINGS HELD DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
        Session of the
         meeting                Date              Resolutions of the meeting

        The 31st meeting of     4 January 2023    For details about the resolutions, please refer to
         the 6th session of                         the resolution announcement published on the
         the Board                                  SSE website, the Stock Exchange website and the
                                                    designated media for information disclosure on the
                                                    same day.


        The 32nd meeting of     10 January        For details about the resolutions, please refer to
         the 6th session of       2023              the resolution announcement published on the
         the Board                                  SSE website, the Stock Exchange website and the
                                                    designated media for information disclosure on the
                                                    same day.


        The 33rd meeting of     20 January        For details about the resolutions, please refer to
         the 6th session of       2023              the resolution announcement published on the
         the Board                                  SSE website, the Stock Exchange website and the
                                                    designated media for information disclosure on the
                                                    same day.




96
                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                Annual Report 2023




                                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



Session of the
 meeting              Date            Resolutions of the meeting

The 34th meeting of   22 February     For details about the resolutions, please refer to
 the 6th session of    2023            the resolution announcement published on the
 the Board                             SSE website, the Stock Exchange website and the
                                       designated media for information disclosure on the
                                       same day.


The 35th meeting of   27 March 2023   For details about the resolutions, please refer to
 the 6th session of                    the resolution announcement published on the
 the Board                             SSE website, the Stock Exchange website and the
                                       designated media for information disclosure on the
                                       same day.


The 36th meeting of   29 March 2023   For details about the resolutions, please refer to
 the 6th session of                    the resolution announcement published on the
 the Board                             SSE website, the Stock Exchange website and the
                                       designated media for information disclosure on the
                                       same day.


The 37th meeting of   6 April 2023    For details about the resolutions, please refer to
 the 6th session of                    the resolution announcement published on the
 the Board                             SSE website, the Stock Exchange website and the
                                       designated media for information disclosure on the
                                       same day.


The 38th meeting of   28 April 2023   For details about the resolutions, please refer to
 the 6th session of                    the resolution announcement published on the
 the Board                             SSE website, the Stock Exchange website and the
                                       designated media for information disclosure on the
                                       same day.




                                                                                                      97
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



       Session of the
        meeting              Date           Resolutions of the meeting

       The 39th meeting of   17 May 2023    For details about the resolutions, please refer to
        the 6th session of                   the resolution announcement published on the
        the Board                            SSE website, the Stock Exchange website and the
                                             designated media for information disclosure on the
                                             same day.


       The 40th meeting of   8 June 2023    For details about the resolutions, please refer to
        the 6th session of                   the resolution announcement published on the
        the Board                            SSE website, the Stock Exchange website and the
                                             designated media for information disclosure on the
                                             same day.


       The 41st meeting of   21 June 2023   For details about the resolutions, please refer to
        the 6th session of                   the resolution announcement published on the
        the Board                            SSE website, the Stock Exchange website and the
                                             designated media for information disclosure on the
                                             same day.


       The 42nd meeting of   28 June 2023   For details about the resolutions, please refer to
        the 6th session of                   the resolution announcement published on the
        the Board                            SSE website, the Stock Exchange website and the
                                             designated media for information disclosure on the
                                             same day.


       The 43rd meeting of   21 July 2023   For details about the resolutions, please refer to
        the 6th session of                   the resolution announcement published on the
        the Board                            SSE website, the Stock Exchange website and the
                                             designated media for information disclosure on the
                                             same day.


       The 44th meeting of   31 July 2023   For details about the resolutions, please refer to
        the 6th session of                   the resolution announcement published on the
        the Board                            SSE website, the Stock Exchange website and the
                                             designated media for information disclosure on the
                                             same day.




98
                                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                 Annual Report 2023




                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



Session of the
 meeting              Date             Resolutions of the meeting

The 45th meeting of   18 August 2023   For details about the resolutions, please refer to
 the 6th session of                     the resolution announcement published on the
 the Board                              SSE website, the Stock Exchange website and the
                                        designated media for information disclosure on the
                                        same day.


The 46th meeting of   25 August 2023   For details about the resolutions, please refer to
 the 6th session of                     the resolution announcement published on the
 the Board                              SSE website, the Stock Exchange website and the
                                        designated media for information disclosure on the
                                        same day.


The 47th meeting of   8 September      For details about the resolutions, please refer to
 the 6th session of    2023             the resolution announcement published on the
 the Board                              SSE website, the Stock Exchange website and the
                                        designated media for information disclosure on the
                                        same day.


The 48th meeting of   28 September     For details about the resolutions, please refer to
 the 6th session of    2023             the resolution announcement published on the
 the Board                              SSE website, the Stock Exchange website and the
                                        designated media for information disclosure on the
                                        same day.


The 49th meeting of   12 October       For details about the resolutions, please refer to
 the 6th session of    2023             the resolution announcement published on the
 the Board                              SSE website, the Stock Exchange website and the
                                        designated media for information disclosure on the
                                        same day.


The 50th meeting of   24 October       For details about the resolutions, please refer to
 the 6th session of    2023             the resolution announcement published on the
 the Board                              SSE website, the Stock Exchange website and the
                                        designated media for information disclosure on the
                                        same day.




                                                                                                       99
  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



      Session of the
       meeting              Date          Resolutions of the meeting

      The 51st meeting of   26 October    For details about the resolutions, please refer to
       the 6th session of    2023          the resolution announcement published on the
       the Board                           SSE website, the Stock Exchange website and the
                                           designated media for information disclosure on the
                                           same day.


      The 52nd meeting of   10 November   For details about the resolutions, please refer to
       the 6th session of    2023          the resolution announcement published on the
       the Board                           SSE website, the Stock Exchange website and the
                                           designated media for information disclosure on the
                                           same day.


      The 53rd meeting of   16 November   For details about the resolutions, please refer to
       the 6th session of    2023          the resolution announcement published on the
       the Board                           SSE website, the Stock Exchange website and the
                                           designated media for information disclosure on the
                                           same day.


      The 54th meeting of   4 December    For details about the resolutions, please refer to
       the 6th session of    2023          the resolution announcement published on the
       the Board                           SSE website, the Stock Exchange website and the
                                           designated media for information disclosure on the
                                           same day.


      The 55th meeting of   21 December   For details about the resolutions, please refer to
       the 6th session of    2023          the resolution announcement published on the
       the Board                           SSE website, the Stock Exchange website and the
                                           designated media for information disclosure on the
                                           same day.




100
                                                                                                      Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2023




                                                                          CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



V. DIRECTORS’ PERFORMANCE OF THEIR DUTIES

   (I)   Directors’ Attendance in Board Meetings and General Meetings
                                                                                                                                    General
                                                                              Board meeting(s)                                   meeting(s)
                                               Mandatory
                                               attendance
                                                 in Board                                                         Absent in
                                                meetings                                                          person for two Attendance
                             Independent       during the Attendance      Attendance by Attendance                consecutive     in general
         Name of directors   director or not         year   in person telecommunication     by proxy Absence      times or not    meetings

         Zeng Qinghong       No                        25         25                 22           0          0    No                       3
         Feng Xingya         No                        25         25                 22           0          0    No                      4
         Zhao Fuquan         Yes                       25         25                 25           0          0    No                      0
         Xiao Shengfang      Yes                       25         25                 21           0          0    No                       1
         Wong Hakkun         Yes                       25         25                 24           0          0    No                      4
         Song Tiebo          Yes                       25         25                 22           0          0    No                      3
         Chen Xiaomu         No                        25         25                 22           0          0    No                      4
         Deng Lei            No                         9          9                  8           0          0    No                       1
         Ding Hongxiang      No                        25         25                 24           0          0    No                      0
         Guan Dayuan         No                        25         25                 23           0          0    No                      2
         Wang Yiwei          No                        4           4                  3           0          0    No                      0
         Chen Maoshan        No                        16         16                 22           0          0    No                      2
         Liu Zhijun          No                        18         17                 16           1           1   No                      2


         Explanation on absence in person in Board meetings for two consecutive times

         □Applicable         ✓N/A


         Number of Board meetings held during the year                                                                                    25
         Of which: Number of physical meetings                                                                                             4
         Number of meetings held by remote means                                                                                           21
         Number of meetings held by way of combination of both                                                                             4




                                                                                                                                                101
  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



      (II) Directors’ Objections to Relevant Matters of the Company
                          Content of relevant
                          matter(s) to which
            Name of       the director raised                                     Accepted
            director      objection                    Content of objection       or not     Note

            Guan Dayuan   Regarding the capital        The director, Guan         No         For details about the
                            increase in the investee     Dayuan, abstained                     resolution, please
                            company, HYCAN               from voting on the                    refer to the resolution
                            Automotive                   aforementioned matter                 announcement published
                                                         submitted to the Board                on the SSE website, the
                                                         for deliberation                      Stock Exchange website
                                                                                               and the designated media
                                                                                               for information disclosure
                                                                                               on the same day.


            Explanation of director’s objections to relevant matters of the Company
            The director, Guan Dayuan, considered that there might be uncertainty in the future
            development of HYCAN Automotive, and advised to make prudent investment.



  VI. SPECIAL COMMITTEES OF THE BOARD

      (I)   Members of Special Committees of the Board
            Types of committee                                      Name

            Audit Committee                                         Wong Hakkun, Xiao Shengfang and Song
                                                                       Tiebo
            Nomination Committee                                    Xiao Shengfang, Song Tiebo and Ding
                                                                       Hongxiang
            Remuneration and Assessment Committee                   Xiao Shengfang, Song Tiebo and Ding
                                                                       Hongxiang
            Strategy Committee                                      Zeng Qinghong, Feng Xingya, Zhao Fuquan,
                                                                       Song Tiebo, Guan Dayuan and Ding
                                                                       Hongxiang




102
                                                                                 Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023




                                                           CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



(II) Nomination Committee’s Two Meetings during the Reporting
     Period
                                                                                                      Other
                                                                                                      performance
    Date               Content                             Important opinions & advices               of duty

    22 September 2023 Regarding the by-election of         All members approved the by-election       Nil
                         directors                           of directors, and agreed to submit the
                                                             same to the Board for deliberation.
    19 October 2023    Regarding the nomination of         All members approved the nominee           Nil
                         the secretary to the Board          candidates of the secretary to the
                         (company secretary), members        Board (company secretary), members
                         of the Executive Committee          of the Executive Committee and
                         and authorised representative       authorised representative of the Stock
                         of the Stock Exchange               Exchange, and agreed to submit the
                                                             same to the Board for deliberation.




(III) Audit Committee’s Six Meetings during the Reporting Period
                                                                                                      Other
                                                                                                      performance
    Date               Contents                            Important opinions & advices               of duty

    3 February 2023    Regarding the 2022 Working          All members approved the 2022 Working      Nil
                         Report on Risk Management           Report on Risk Management and the
                         and the 2023 Work Plan,             2023 Work Plan, the 2022 Working
                         the 2022 Working Report on          Report on Compliance Management
                         Compliance Management and           and the 2023 Work Plan, and agreed
                         the 2023 Work Plan                  to submit the same to the Board for
                                                             deliberation.
    27 March 2023      Regarding the matters such as       All members approved the matters           Nil
                         the annual report, the profit       proposed at the meeting for
                         distribution plan, the annual       deliberation, and agreed to submit the
                         connected transaction report,       same to the Board for deliberation.
                         the internal control evaluation
                         report and internal control
                         audit report, the report on
                         deposit and use of raised
                         funds, the annual audit work
                         summary and plan, and the
                         performance of duties of the
                         Audit Committee

                                                                                                                    103
  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



                                                                                                            Other
                                                                                                            performance
          Date              Contents                             Important opinions & advices               of duty

          26 April 2023     Regarding the matters such           All members approved the matters           Nil
                              as the Q1 Report, and the            proposed at the meeting for
                              appointment of annual report         deliberation, and agreed to submit the
                              auditors and internal control        same to the Board for deliberation.
                              auditors
          23 August 2023    Regarding the matters such as        All members approved the matters           Nil
                              the interim report, the interim      proposed at the meeting for
                              profit distribution plan, the        deliberation, and agreed to submit the
                              report on the deposit and            same to the Board for deliberation.
                              use of the raised funds, and
                              the work reports on internal
                              audit, internal control and risk
                              management for the first half
                              of the year
          26 September 2023 Regarding the adjustments to         All members approved the adjustments       Nil
                              the annual audit plan                to the audit plan according to the
                                                                   actual condition, and agreed to
                                                                   submit the same to the Board for
                                                                   deliberation.
          24 October 2023   Regarding the Q3 Report              All members approved the Q3 Report,        Nil
                                                                   and agreed to submit the same to the
                                                                   Board for deliberation.




      (IV) Strategy Committee’s Two Meetings during the Reporting Period
                                                                                                            Other
                                                                                                            performance
          Date              Contents                             Important opinions & advices               of duty

          28 March 2023     Regarding the 2022 Annual Social     All members approved the 2022 Annual       Nil
                              Responsibility (ESG) Report          Social Responsibility (ESG) Report,
                                                                   and agreed to submit the same to the
                                                                   Board for deliberation.
          9 June 2023       Regarding the “Trillion GAC          All members approved the “Trillion GAC     Nil
                              Development Outline & Action         Development Outline & Action Plan
                              Plan Guidelines”                     Guidelines”, and agreed to submit the
                                                                   same to the Board for deliberation.



104
                                                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2023




                                                          CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



(V) Remuneration and Assessment Committee’s Five Meetings during
    the Reporting Period
                                                                                                        Other
                                                                                                        performance
   Date               Contents                            Important opinions & advices                  of duty

   13 January 2023    Regarding the matters related       All members approved the matters              Nil
                        to the grant under the Fourth       related to the grant under the Fourth
                        Share Option Incentive Scheme       Share Option Incentive Scheme, and
                                                            agreed to submit the same to the
                                                            Board for deliberation.
   20 March 2023      Regarding the matters related to    All members believed that the setting         Nil
                        the 2022 Annual Remuneration        of assessment indicators, and the
                        Assessment and Payment Plan         assessment plans and payment were
                        for Senior Management               scientific and reasonable, which
                                                            matched the industry standards
                                                            and the Company’s operating
                                                            circumstances, and agreed to
                                                            submit the same to the Board for
                                                            deliberation.
   2 June 2023        Regarding the matters related to    All members approved the matters              Nil
                        the adjustments to the exercise     related to the adjustments to the
                        price of share option and the       exercise price of share option and the
                        repurchase price of restricted      repurchase price of restricted share
                        share under the share option        under the share option incentive
                        incentive scheme of the             scheme of the Company, and agreed
                        Company                             to submit the same to the Board for
                                                            deliberation.
   31 August 2023     Regarding the matters related to    All members approved the matters              Nil
                        the adjustments to the exercise     related to the adjustments to the
                        price of share option and the       exercise price of share option and the
                        repurchase price of restricted      repurchase price of restricted share
                        share under the share option        under the share option incentive
                        incentive scheme of the             scheme of the Company, and agreed
                        Company                             to submit the same to the Board for
                                                            deliberation.
   10 November 2023   Regarding the matters related       All members approved the matters              Nil
                        to the second exercise and          related to the second exercise and
                        unlocking under the 2020 A          unlocking under the 2020 A Share
                        Share Option and Restricted         Option and Restricted Share Incentive
                        Share Incentive Scheme              Scheme of the Company, and agreed
                                                            to submit the same to the Board for
                                                            deliberation.
                                                                                                                      105
  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



      (V) Details of Any Objections

            □Applicable       ✓N/A



  VII. EXPLANATION ON RISKS OF THE COMPANY DETECTED BY
       THE SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE
      The Supervisory Committee has no objection to the supervision matters during the reporting
      period.



  VIII. EMPLOYEE INFORMATION OF THE COMPANY AND MAJOR
        SUBSIDIARIES

      (I)   Employees
            Number of existing employees of the parent company                                          276
            Number of existing employees of major subsidiaries                                       96,549
            Total number of existing employees                                                       96,825
            Number of employees resigned or retired the pension of which the
                parent company and major subsidiaries had to be responsible for                         415
                                                 Professional composition
            Category of professional composition                                        Number of employees
            Production personnel                                                                     56,830
            Salesperson                                                                               5,782
            Technician                                                                                15,220
            Financial staff                                                                            1,754
            Administrative staff                                                                      4,520
            Finance and insurance                                                                      1,798
            Others                                                                                    10,921
            Total                                                                                    96,825
                                                      Education level
            Category of education level                                                 Number of employees
            Doctorate                                                                                   143
            Master’s degree                                                                           5,082
            Undergraduate (including double bachelor’s degree)                                       23,048
            College graduate                                                                         20,768
            Secondary and below                                                                      47,784
            Total                                                                                    96,825


            Note: The number of employees of joint ventures and associated companies are included.




106
                                                                     Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                      Annual Report 2023




                                                  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



(II) Remuneration Policy
    Timely and full contributions to various social insurances were made by the Group in
    accordance with the requirements of national and provincial laws and regulations on labour
    and social security to timely safeguard the interests of the employees. The Group also
    purchased supplementary medical and other commercial insurances for its staff to further
    protect and safeguard their interests and health beyond the requirements of policies and
    regulations.


    The Group advocated the implementation of performance-linked remuneration policy
    and continuously improved the corporate performance appraisal mechanism, individual
    performance appraisal measures, and employee promotion system, and formulated
    performance-linked remuneration policies that provide both incentives and restraints. The
    Group strengthened macro-management of remuneration, and attached importance to
    maintaining the market competitiveness of its remuneration level, so as to ensure that the
    remuneration system plays an incentive role in retaining talents.



(III) Training Program
    During the reporting period, the Group mainly carried out employee training in the following
    aspects, with an aggregate number of training attendance exceeding 1,118,000.


    1.    Focus on key procedures. the Group developed version 3.0 courses and case manuals,
          cultivated certified lecturers, and continued to promote the implementation of working
          methods with GAC’s characteristics. 841 training sessions were conducted, with more
          than 26,000 individuals trained.


    2.    Professional leadership. the Group strengthened the construction of lecturer team
          as well as curriculum development and management. Lecturers have participated in
          more than 600 courses lasting for 2,760 class hours, and provided training for 27,000
          individuals, covering 20 second-level enterprises and 43 third-level enterprises.


    3.    Hierarchical classification. the Group held training classes in domestic universities
          for senior and middle management, courses for middle management of investee
          companies, business administration classes, engineering management classes, training
          courses for mid-level cadres and party branch secretaries, training courses for party
          building at all levels, etc., providing qualified talents for the high-quality development
          of the Group.




                                                                                                        107
  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



          4.    Widespread platforms. the Group broadened and deepened school-enterprise
                cooperation, promoted the exhaustive industry-university-research integration,
                enriched the training models for innovative talents, and forged a training base and
                evaluation center of skilled talents, so as to comprehensively improved the level of the
                Group’s technical and skilled personnel.


          5.    Up-down interconnection, co-construction and shared growth. The Group upgraded
                and renovated the GAC Mobile Academy (廣 汽 移 動 學 堂) through digitalisation and
                continued to hold GAC Professional Seminars (廣 汽 專 研 匯) and corporate training
                projects to promote the common development of enterprises at all levels.


          In 2024, the Group plans to provide training for more than 1,064,000 individuals, and will
          appropriately increase overseas training, corporate cadre training and business training
          depending on its development needs. The Group will continuously promote the working
          methods with GAC’s characteristics and advocate the sharing of platform resources, aiming
          at constructing a national highly-skilled talent training base.



      (IV) Labour Outsourcing

          Total working hours of labour outsourcing                                          16,470,000
          Total remuneration paid for labour outsourcing                               RMB1,512,012,605


          Note: including joint ventures and associated enterprises.




108
                                                                    Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                     Annual Report 2023




                                                 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



(V) Production Safety
    During the reporting period, the Group conscientiously implemented the spirit contained in
    the important speeches and guidelines expressed by General Secretary Xi Jinping during his
    inspection at GAC Group, coupled with his important expositions and instructions in respect
    of emergency management, production safety, disaster prevention, mitigation and relief,
    and consistently upheld the philosophy of “To address problems on both symptoms and root
    causes by giving priority to people and safety, so as to achieve a scientific development”. On
    the basis of refining the safety production responsibility system and regulatory framework
    system with the intensified implementation of double prevention as the core and the
    safety production management targets as the foothold, the Group earnestly performed
    the main responsibility of enterprises for production safety and investment. In accordance
    with the work procedures of supervision, guidance and service, the Group will continue
    to promote the strict implementation of the main responsibility of safety production by
    all investee enterprises, and promote the synchronisation of enterprise safety production
    management and business development. During the reporting period, the Group and each
    investee enterprise had experienced no major (or above) safety production accidents, and its
    production safety remained generally stable and was in an orderly manner.


    In 2024, in accordance with the requirements under the Production Safety Law and other
    regulations, the Group will promote each investee enterprise to continuously improve and
    implement the production safety responsibility system in accordance with the principle
    of “three managements and three musts”. The Group will strictly implement its main
    responsibilities of safety production with focus on the plan for regulating production safety
    targets and by taking the management on production safety responsibility targets as the
    foothold. The Group will strengthen the hierarchical management and control of safety
    risks as well as the investigation and governance of hidden dangers to further establish
    and improve the production safety management system of the Group’s businesses in new
    energy and ecosystem segments, and strengthen the production safety management over
    new projects in the Group’s internationalisation segment (for overseas enterprises), so as to
    promote the synchronisation of production safety management of enterprises and business
    development. The Group will also continue to carry out standardisation work for corporate
    production safety, vigorously promote the Group’s digital construction of production safety,
    facilitate the transformation of the Group’s production safety management into service-
    oriented, intelligent and digital ones, with a view to preventing the occurrence of major
    production safety accidents and ensuring the achievement of the Group’s control tasks in
    respect of production safety targets.




                                                                                                       109
      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



      IX. PROPOSED PROFIT DISTRIBUTION PLAN OR CONVERSION OF
          CAPITAL RESERVES

           (I)   Formulation, Implementation and Adjustments of Cash Dividend
                 Policy
                 During the reporting period, the Group strictly complied with the requirements of the Articles
                 of Association and the Dividend Distribution Plans for Shareholders (2021-2023) of Guangzhou
                 Automobile Group Co., Ltd.. During the reporting period, profit distribution plans for the year
                 of 2022 and for the interim period of 2023 were implemented, among which the criteria and
                 proportion of cash dividend were clear, and the related decision-making procedures and
                 mechanisms were complete and in compliance with the regulations. Independent directors
                 performed their duties diligently and expressed their independent opinions.



           (II) Reserves Available for Distribution to Shareholders
                 According to the Articles of Association, the distributable reserves of the Company are based
                 on the profit after taxation determined pursuant to the Generally Accepted Accounting
                 Principles of the PRC and Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (whichever is lower).
                 As at 31 December 2023, the Company’s reserves available for distribution to shareholders
                 amounted to RMB48,000,799,000 (2022: RMB43,166,565,000).



      X.   APPRAISAL MECHANISM FOR SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND
           THE ESTABLISHMENT AND IMPLEMENTATION OF INCENTIVE
           MECHANISM DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
           The Company formulated and continuously consummated the Administrative Measures for Salary
           Assessment of Professional Managers, which improved the appraisal mechanism as well as the
           mid and long-term incentive mechanism for senior management. During the reporting period,
           according to the progress of implementation of annual performance contract signed with senior
           management, the Remuneration and Assessment Committee of the Board conducted an annual
           appraisal for the senior management, and the resolution in respect of the appraisal results was
           considered and approved by the Board.




110
                                                                           Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                            Annual Report 2023




                                                        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



XI. C O N S T R U C T I O N A N D I M P L E M E N T A T I O N O F I N T E R N A L
    CONTROL SYSTEM DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
    The Company has formulated the Internal Control Management Measures. During the reporting
    period, the Company also revised the Internal Control Management Manual, the Risk Management
    Manual, the Administrative Measures for the Reporting of Major Operational Risk Events and other
    systems to further promote the Company’s internal audit work for standardisation, routinisation
    and normalisation.


    Explanation on material deficiencies in internal control during the reporting period

    □Applicable   ✓N/A



XII. SELF-EVALUATION REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL

    (I)   Risk Management and Internal Control
          The Company has established a risk management framework under which the Board is
          in charge of its overall management, the audit department is responsible for audit and
          internal control matters, and the risk control department is responsible for routine risk
          prevention and control matters. The digital audit model revolves around “overall analysis,
          regular forewarning, discovery of doubts, and precise positioning”, through which a digital
          platform for audit management and big data analysis is established to promote the
          auditorial standardisation and formalisation. This framework assists the Group in identifying
          and preventing different risks (including environmental, social and governance risks),
          so as to manage rather than passively eliminate the risks of failure to achieve business
          objectives, thereby promoting proactively the Group’s stable operations. The risk control
          department prepares the Group’s annual risk management report with reference to the
          annual risk management reports of each investee company and taking into account the risk
          identification, assessment, analysis, and response of each department under the Group. Upon
          approval by the Company’s management, the annual risk management report is submitted
          to the Audit Committee of the Board for review prior to the deliberation by the Board.


          In order to strengthen risk management, the Company revised and issued the Risk
          Management Manual (Revised) and the Administrative Measures for the Reporting of
          Major Operational Risk Events (Revised) in September 2023, aiming to establish an all-
          encompassing risk management system and improve its prevention and mitigation abilities
          against major risks, standardise the reporting of major operational risk events, while avoiding
          systematic risks and promoting the sustainable and sound development of enterprises.




                                                                                                                  111
      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



           In 2023, the Company further deepened and refined the sophistication of risk management,
           and designed an assessment framework for risk concern in a differentiated manner based on
           the business characteristics of each sector. In view of the responsive implementation in key
           risk areas last year, 19 investee companies were organized to assess the key corporate risks
           in 2024. As reflected in the evaluation, the Company and its affiliated investee companies
           possess a profound awareness of risk prevention and are competent in effectively identifying
           risk events and comprehensively assessing the impact of risk events on the achievement
           of corporate strategic objectives. In the light of the business characteristics and the
           concentration on risk concern of enterprises in each sector, a total of 163 key risks were
           assessed across the seven major business segments. Based on the assessment results, each
           investee company has formulated improvement measures for respective key risk for 2024.


           The Board is responsible for the risk management and internal control system, and has
           conducted a review at least once a year on the effectiveness of the internal control system of
           the Company and its subsidiaries during the reporting period. The review covered the scope
           and quality of the systems, and also covered all significant control aspects, including financial
           control, operational control and compliance control. During the reporting period, the Board
           did not find any material drawbacks and major defects in the internal control, and considered
           that such systems (including procedures relating to financial reporting and compliance with
           the requirements of the Listing Rules) were effective and adequate.


           The Board also believes that the resources, staff qualifications and experience of the
           Company in terms of accounting, internal audit and financial reporting functions and ESG-
           related performance and reporting, as well as the training courses and related budgets
           received by the staff are adequate.




112
                                                                          Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                           Annual Report 2023




                                                       CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



   (II) Whistle-blowing policy and system
         The Group has formulated the Working Measures for Disciplinary Supervision, Petition and
         Reporting, which clarifies the responsibilities of the disciplinary supervision department
         for accepting reports, stipulates the procedures for accepting, handling and closing the
         petition complaints together with its completion time, and promotes the standardisation,
         legalisation and datafication of petition reports. The Group focuses on protecting the rights
         and interests of whistle-blowers, and stipulates in the Prosecution and Accusation Guide
         that the personal information of whistle-blowers and the contents of reports shall be kept
         strictly confidential. The relevant system also allows anonymous reporting. The Group has
         continuously upgraded the digital platform for disciplinary inspection and supervision, and
         optimised the sub-module of “online reporting”. After the whistle-blower reports the relevant
         situation through the system, only the staff member that accepts the report can access the
         relevant content. After the report is accepted, it will be reviewed by the person in charge of
         disciplinary inspection and supervision, and then assigned to the relevant designated person
         for handling, all of whom are independent of the Group, thereby effectively protecting the
         safety and privacy of the whistle-blower.



   (III) Anti-corruption policy
         The Group is committed to establishing a sound incorruptible employment system for
         combating corruption and upholding integrity, smoothing the internal and external reporting
         channels, and promoting the construction of a more transparent, efficient, objective and
         unprejudiced business environment. The Group has formulated certain rules and regulations
         such as the Code of Conduct for Practice Integrity of the Headquarter Employees and
         the Measures for Disciplinary Inspection and Supervision, which strictly implements the
         Company’s anti-corruption management system, and creates an integrity culture atmosphere
         within the Group under which “no one dares to or can be corrupted or thinks of committing
         corruption”.



XIII. AUDIT REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL
   The Company engaged ShineWing Certified Public Accountants (Special General Partnership) for
   independent audit of effectiveness of its internal control in 2023, which issued an opinion that “the
   internal control over financial report of the Company was in compliance with the Basic Principles
   for Internal Control of Enterprises and relevant requirements and was effective in all significant
   aspects as at 31 December 2023” (for full text of the audit report, please refer to the announcement
   disclosed on the website of the Stock Exchange in form of overseas regulatory announcement on
   28 March 2024).




                                                                                                                 113
      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



      XIV. DIVIDEND POLICY
         Since 2012, the Company has formulated dividend distribution plans for shareholders, which
         have been strictly implemented until now. To further improve the scientific, continuous and
         stable dividend distribution decisions and supervisory mechanism of the Company for higher
         transparency and practicability of profit distribution decisions, and to give guidance to investors to
         establish a concept of long-term and rational investment, pursuant to the “Regulatory Guidelines
         for Listed Companies No. 3 – Cash Dividends Distribution of Listed Companies” issued by the
         CSRC and the requirements of the Company’s dividend distribution policy set out in the Articles
         of Association, the Board has formulated the “Dividend Distribution Plan for Shareholders of
         Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. (2021-2023)” (the “Distribution Plan”), specific details of
         which are as follows:



         1.    Factors Considered by the Company in Formulating the
               Distribution Plan
               The Company focuses on long term and sustainable development. After considering factors
               such as the profitability, operation planning, returns for shareholders, capital requirement for
               investment in future projects, social capital costs and financing environment, a continuous,
               stable and scientific distribution plan and mechanism for the investors are to be established,
               so that a systematic arrangement can be made for profit distribution in order to ensure
               continuity and stability of the profit distribution policy.



         2.    The Principle of the Distribution Plan Formulation
               The formulation of the Distribution Plan shall conform with the relevant national laws
               and regulations and the relevant provisions relating to profit distribution in the Articles of
               Association. The Company shall focus on stable and reasonable returns to the investors
               while at the same time fully consider the actual operation and sustainable development of
               the Company. On the basis of giving full consideration to the interests of shareholders and
               managing the relationship between short-term interests and long-term development of
               the Company, the Company shall determine a reasonable profit distribution proposal, and
               pursuant to which, formulate a plan to implement the profit distribution policy in a certain
               period to ensure continuity and stability of the profit distribution policy.




114
                                                                         Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                          Annual Report 2023




                                                    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE



3.   The Frequency of the Distribution Plan Formulation and Relevant
     Decision-Making Mechanism
     The Board shall formulate the Distribution Plan in accordance with the profit distribution
     policy stipulated in the Articles of Association. In the event that the Company needs to
     adjust the profit distribution policy due to the significant changes in the external operating
     environment and its internal operating conditions, the protection of the interest of
     shareholders (especially the public shareholders) shall be of the first priority and detailed
     argumentation and reasons shall be given. Further, detailed explanation regarding the
     adjustments of the dividend distribution policy shall be given in the regular report of the
     Company with stringent implementation of the decision making procedures. The Board shall
     ensure that the Distribution Plan will be reviewed every three years in order to ensure the
     content of the Distribution Plan conforms with the profit distribution policy as stipulated in
     the Articles of Association.



4.   The Distribution Plan to Shareholders of the Company from 2021 to
     2023

     (a)   The Company may distribute profits by cash, shares, and combination of cash and
           shares.


     (b)   The Company shall give priority to profit distribution by way of cash, i.e. profit
           distribution shall be made in the form of cash dividends if the cash dividend conditions
           subsist.


     (c)   According to the laws and regulations in the Company Law and the provisions in the
           Articles of Association, provided that the profit and cash of the Company are able to
           fulfill the needs for continuous operation and long term development of the Company,
           the profit distributed in cash in each of the years between 2021 to 2023 shall be no less
           than 10% of the distributable profit realised in such year, whereas the cumulative profit
           distributed in cash for the three consecutive years shall be no less than 30% of the
           average distributable profits realised in such three years.


     (d)   In principle, cash dividend shall be distributed by the Company annually from 2021
           to 2023. The Board may propose to distribute interim cash dividend based on the
           profitability and the capital requirements of the Company.


     (e)   From 2021 to 2023, depending on the cumulative distributable profits, reserves and
           the condition of cash flow, the Company may distribute profits by way of shares to
           match share capital expansion with business growth provided that the minimum
           cash dividend payout ratio and a reasonable scale of share capital of the Company are
           maintained.

                                                                                                                115
       Chapter 5

       REPORT OF THE
       DIRECTORS
      The Board is pleased to submit the report of the directors together with the audited consolidated financial statements
      for the year ended 31 December 2023.



      DIRECTORS AND SUPERVISORS
      The details of the directors and supervisors of the Company for the year are set out in the paragraph titled“III.
      Profiles of Directors, Supervisors, and Senior Management – (I) Particulars About Changes in the Shareholding
      and Remuneration of Incumbent and Resigned Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management during the Reporting
      Period”under Chapter 4 –“Corporate Governance”of this report. Such section forms part of this report of the
      directors.



      PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
      Information of the principal activities of the Company for the year is set out in Chapter 2 –“Corporate Profile and
      Summary of Business”of this report. Such section forms part of this report of the directors.



      PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISIONS
      The Company has arranged appropriate liability insurance cover for its directors and relevant management personnel
      during the reporting period. The permitted indemnity provisions were in force for the benefit of the directors and
      relevant management personnel of the Company during the reporting period.



      MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
      No contract concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of
      the Company was entered into during the year.



      BUSINESS REVIEW

      1.     Business Performance, Principal Risks and Uncertainties and Future
             Development
             The discussion on the business performance, principal risks and uncertainties and future development of the
             Group, as well as the analysis of financial key performance indicators of the Group are set out in Chapter 3 –
            “Management Discussion and Analysis”of this report. Such sections form part of this report of the directors.




116
                                                                                      Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2023




                                                              REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



2.   Significant Events Subsequent to the Reporting Period
     Significant events of the Group subsequent to the reporting period are set out in note 42 to the consolidated
     financial statements. Such section forms part of this report of the directors.



3.   Environmental Policies and Performance
     The Group always adheres to the development concept of green development, energy conservation and
     emission reduction and considers environmental protection as an important task for enterprises. The Group
     strictly complies with various environmental laws and regulations, adheres to the scientific development
     concept as guidance, strengthens the responsibility system for environmental protection targets, and increases
     efforts in energy conservation and emission reduction, actively promotes energy conservation and emission
     reduction from technical innovation, production organisation and daily management. The environmental
     protection facilities are in normal, stable and continuous operation with satisfactory treatment results. No major
     environmental pollution incidents occurred.


     The Group strictly abides by various environmental protection laws and regulations stipulated by the
     Government and strictly controls all kinds of pollutants generated. The Group strictly implements the
     environmental impact assessment system and the “Three Simultaneous” system during the project
     construction (the environmental protection facilities must be designed, constructed and commenced operation
     with the construction project simultaneously).


     In order to conscientiously implement the national environmental protection and safety laws and regulations,
     ensure timely control after unexpected environmental incidents, prevent the spread and pollution of major
     accidents, effectively organise post-incident relief and rescue, and protect the personal safety of employees
     and the safety of the Company’s properties, pursuant to the relevant documents such as the National
     Environmental Emergency Plan, and the actual situation of the enterprise, in line with the principle of“focus on
     prevention, focus on self-help, unified command, division of labour”, the Group has prepared corresponding
     emergency plans for unexpected environmental incidents, and notified the relevant environmental protection
     departments. The Group organises regular publicity and training within the enterprise and annual emergency
     drills and reviews which would improve the ability of enterprises to respond to unexpected environmental
     pollution accidents and prevent and control the occurrence of environmental pollution accidents effectively.


     In order to consciously fulfill the obligations to environmental protection, the Group actively accepts social
     supervision, and develops self-monitoring programs in accordance with the requirements of national
     construction regulations and standards. All the monitoring results have met the standard.



4.   Laws and Regulations that have a Significant Impact on the Company
     The Company strictly complies with domestic and overseas laws and regulations and industrial standards
     such as the Listing Rules, the SSE Listing Rules, the SFO, the Company Law, the Securities Law and the
     Regulations on the Supervision and Administration of Securities Companies.


                                                                                                                             117
      REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



      5.    Key Relationships
            Information regarding the Company’s key relationships with its employees, customers and suppliers is set
            out in the paragraph titled“Employee Information of the Company and Major Subsidiaries”under Chapter 4
            –“Corporate Governance”and in the paragraphs titled“Sales to major customers”and“Major suppliers”
            under Chapter 3 –“Management Discussion and Analysis”of this report.



      INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS AND SUPERVISORS
      Save as disclosed in the sections titled“III. Profiles of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management – (III) Share
      Options Granted to Directors and Senior Management during the Reporting Period”under Chapter 4 –“Corporate
      Governance”and“X. Share Option Scheme, Employee Stock Ownership Scheme or Other Staff Incentives of the
      Company and Their Impacts”under Chapter 8 –“Significant Events”of this report, during the period and at the
      end of the Company’s financial year, there were no arrangements whose objects are, or one of whose objects is,
      to enable directors and supervisors of the Company to acquire benefits in shares or debentures of, the Company or
      any other body corporate.



      DONATIONS
      Details of charitable and other donations made by the Group during the year are set out in the section titled“III.
      Details on Performance of Consolidation of Antipoverty Achievements and Rural Revitalisation” under Chapter
      7 – “Environmental and Social Responsibility” of this report and the full text of 2023 Environmental, Social and
      Governance Report of the Company disclosed on the website of the Stock Exchange on 26 April 2024.



      ISSUE OF SHARES
      From 11 December 2022 to 10 December 2023, the 2020 A Share Option and Restricted Share Incentive Scheme
      entered the first exercise period and unlocking period, and entered the second exercise period and unlocking period
      since 11 December 2023. During the reporting period, there was an increase of 10,398,115 A shares due to the
      cumulative exercise of share options, and there were 26,994,385 restricted A shares unlocked, becoming available
      in the market. In addition, in accordance with the 2020 A Share Option and Restricted Share Incentive Scheme, on
      13 March 2023, the Company completed the repurchase and cancellation of 7,327,392 restricted shares that failed
      to meet the unlocking conditions due to the resignation, retirement, etc. of certain incentive participants during the
      reporting period.



      ISSUE OF DEBENTURES, BONDS AND OTHER DEBT SECURITIES
      The Company did not issue any debentures, bonds or other debt securities during the year.




118
                                                                                    Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2023




                                                             REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS
No equity-linked agreement was entered into by the Company during the year. For the information of the equity-
linked agreements entered into by the Company in prior financial years, please refer to the paragraph titled “X.
Share Option Incentive Scheme, Employee Stock Ownership Scheme or Other Equity Incentives of the Company and
the Impacts Thereof”under Chapter 8 –“Significant Events”of this report.



DIVIDENDS
During the year, an interim dividend of RMB0.05 per share (2022: RMB0.06) (tax inclusive) was distributed, totalling
approximately RMB524,276,605.2 (2022: approximately RMB627,837,459.4). The Board recommends to distribute a
final dividend of RMB0.10 per share (2022: RMB0.18) (tax inclusive) for the year ended 31 December 2023, totalling
approximately RMB1,048,690,425 (2022: approximately RMB1,888,243,000).



REASONS FOR RESIGNATION
Mr. Shi Lei (“Mr. Shi”) ceased to serve as a staff representative supervisor of the Supervisory Committee of the
Company with effect from 27 February 2023 due to work reallocation. Mr. Shi confirmed that he has no disagreement
with the Board, the Supervisory Committee or the Company, and there are no other matters in respect of his
resignation that need to be brought to the attention of the shareholders of the Company. Ms. Wang Yuan has been
appointed as a staff representative supervisor of the sixth session of the Supervisory Committee of the Company
since 27 February 2023.


Mr. Chen Maoshan (“Mr. Chen”) ceased to serve as a non-executive director (staff representative director) of the
Company with effect from 4 September 2023 due to reaching retirement age. Mr. Chen confirmed that he has no
disagreement with the Board or the Company, and there are no other matters in respect of his resignation that
need to be brought to the attention of the shareholders of the Company. Ms. Deng Lei has been elected as a
staff representative director of the Company and appointed as a non-executive director of the Company since 4
September 2023.


Ms. Chen Tian (“Ms. Chen”) ceased to serve as a supervisor of the Supervisory Committee of the Company with
effect from 5 September 2023 due to personal work changes. Ms. Chen confirmed that she has no disagreement with
the Board, the Supervisory Committee or the Company, and there are no other matters in respect of her resignation
that need to be brought to the attention of the shareholders of the Company.


Mr. Liu Zhijun (“Mr. Liu”) ceased to serve as a non-executive director of the Company with effect from 28 September
2023 due to reaching retirement age. Mr. Liu confirmed that he has no disagreement with the Board or the
Company, and there are no other matters in respect of his resignation that need to be brought to the attention of the
shareholders of the Company.




                                                                                                                           119
  REPORT OF THE DIRECTORS



  DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ MATERIAL INTEREST IN
  TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS AND CONTRACTS THAT ARE
  SIGNIFICANT IN RELATION TO THE COMPANY’S BUSINESS
  No transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance in relation to the Group’s business to which the Company
  or any of its subsidiaries was a party and in which a director or a supervisor and a connected entity of a director
  or a supervisor had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time
  during the year.



  TAX RELIEF
  The Company is not aware of any relief from taxation available to shareholders by reason of their holdings in the
  shares.




                                                                                     By order of the Board
                                                                        Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                      Zeng Qinghong
                                                                                          Chairman


  Guangzhou, the PRC, 28 March 2024




120
                                                                                   Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2023



 Chapter 6

 REPORT OF THE
 SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE
During the reporting period, the supervisory committee of the Company conducted its work with the spirit of holding
itself accountable to all shareholders and duly performed its various duties and obligations. All members of the
Supervisory Committee participated in the discussion in respect of the major operation decisions of the Company,
and supervised the financial conditions and lawful operation of the Company and performance of directors and
senior management according to law, through attending supervisory meetings, general meetings and Board meetings
etc., in accordance with the Company Law, the Securities Law, the Listing Rules and other laws and regulations and
the requirements of the Articles of Association, which enhanced the internal control and standardised operation of
the Company.


The Supervisory Committee was of the view that during the reporting period, the standardized operation of the
Company was strictly in compliance with relevant laws and regulations such as the Listing Rules and the SSE Listing
Rules and internal control systems such as the Articles of Association, while the directors and senior management
of the Company performed their duties diligently and in compliance with the PRC laws and regulations, the Articles
of Association and the system, and effectively safeguarded the interests of the Company and its shareholders. The
work of the Supervisory Committee during the year is reported as follows:



I.    THE COMPOSITION AND CHANGES OF THE SUPERVISORY
      COMMITTEE
      The sixth session of the Supervisory Committee is currently composed of Cao Xiandong, Huang Cheng, Wang
      Yuan (staff representative supervisor), Zhu Chun (staff representative supervisor) and Huang Zhuo (staff
      representative supervisor), with a vacancy of two supervisors. On 27 February 2023, the staff representative
      meeting of the Company elected Wang Yuan as a supervisor of the sixth session of the Supervisory
      Committee, and Shi Lei, the former supervisor, ceased to remain in office due to work reallocation. On 23
      February 2024, the staff representative meeting of the Company elected Zhu Chun as a supervisor of the
      sixth session of the Supervisory Committee, and the former supervisor, Wang Lu, ceased to remain in office
      as she has reached the age of retirement. The term of office of this session of the Supervisory Committee will
      expire on 8 October 2024. On 4 September 2023, the supervisor, Chen Tian resigned from his position as a
      supervisor due to personal work changes.




                                                                                                                          121
  REPORT OF THE SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE



  II.   BASIC EVALUATION OF THE PERFORMANCE OF THE BOARD
        AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT IN 2023
        The Supervisory Committee was of the view that the Board duly performed its operation in strict compliance
        with the requirements under the laws and regulations including the Company Law, the Articles of Association,
        the Listing Rules and the SSE Listing Rules, etc. during the reporting period. During the reporting period, in
        the face of multiple difficulties and challenges, the Company persisted in seeking progress while maintaining
        stability, plunged ahead to tackle problems, adopted comprehensive strategies, and went all out to preempt
        the market share, compete for orders, explore potential, and expand growth. The Company has made
        breakthroughs in the aspects such as realising coordinated inter-segment development, seeking market
        penetration, deepening the integrated synergy of self-developed brands, empowering the technological
        transformation of GAC, and promoting value creation, while maintaining a steady development trend in
        production and operations.


        During the reporting period, the major business decision-making procedures of the Company were legitimate
        and effective. The directors and senior management of the Company duly performed their duties and in strict
        compliance with the PRC laws, regulations, the Articles of Association and resolutions of the general meeting
        and of the Board. The Supervisory Committee had not found any acts of directors and senior management
        being in breach of laws and regulations and the Articles of Association or against the interests of the
        Company and its shareholders.



  III. MEETINGS OF SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE CONVENED
        During the reporting period, the Supervisory Committee of the Company convened 9 supervisory meetings
        with the details as follows:


        1.     The 10th meeting of the 6th session of the Supervisory Committee was held on 13 January 2023, at
               which the resolution in respect of the disclosure of list of participants and auditing opinions of the
               Fourth Share Option Incentive Scheme was considered and approved.


        2.     The 11th meeting of the 6th session of the Supervisory Committee was held on 20 January 2023,
               at which the resolution in respect of the matters related to the grant under the Fourth Share Option
               Incentive Scheme was considered and approved.




122
                                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                               Annual Report 2023




                        REPORT OF THE SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE



3.   The 12th meeting of the 6th session of the Supervisory Committee was held on 29 March 2023, at which
     the following resolutions were considered and approved:


     (1)   Resolution in respect of the annual report and its summary of 2022;


     (2)   Resolution in respect of the supervisory committee report of 2022;


     (3)   Resolution in respect of the financial report of 2022;


     (4)   Resolution in respect of the profit distribution plan of 2022;


     (5)   Resolution in respect of the self-evaluation report on internal control of 2022;


     (6)   Resolution in respect of internal control audit report of 2022;


     (7)   Resolution in respect of the report of deposit and the actual utilisation of proceeds from fund-
           raising activities;


     (8)   Resolution in respect of the completion of certain investment projects funded by proceeds
           from non-public issuance of A shares and utilisation of the remaining proceeds for permanent
           replenishment of working capital; and


     (9)   The resolution on the related transactions concerning GAC Finance Company’s provision of
           financial services to related parties.


4.   The 13th meeting of the 6th session of the Supervisory Committee was held on 28 April 2023, at which
     the following resolutions were considered and approved:


     (1)   Resolution in respect of the first quarterly report of 2023;


     (2)   Resolution in respect of the appointment of auditors of 2023; and


     (3)   Resolution in respect of the appointment of internal control auditors of 2023.


5.   The 14th meeting of the 6th session of the Supervisory Committee was held on 8 June 2023, at which
     the resolution in respect of adjusting the exercise price of the share option and restricted share
     repurchase price under the share option incentive scheme of the Company was considered and
     approved.




                                                                                                                 123
  REPORT OF THE SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE



      6.   The 15th meeting of the 6th session of the Supervisory Committee was held on 25 August 2023, at
           which the following resolutions were considered and approved:


           (1)   Resolution in respect of the interim report of 2023;


           (2)   Resolution in respect of the profit distribution plan for the interim period of 2023; and


           (3)   Resolution in respect of the report of deposit and utilisation of proceeds from fundraising
                 activities for the first half of 2023.


      7.   The 16th meeting of the 6th session of the Supervisory Committee was held on 8 September 2023,
           at which the resolution in respect of adjusting the exercise price of the share option and restricted
           share repurchase price under the share option incentive scheme of the Company was considered and
           approved.


      8.   The 17th meeting of the 6th session of the Supervisory Committee was held on 26 October 2023, at
           which the following resolutions were considered and approved:


           (1)   Resolution in respect of the third quarterly report of 2023; and


           (2)   Resolution in respect of extending the use of the temporary idle fund-raising proceeds for cash
                 management.


      9.   The 18th meeting of the 6th session of the Supervisory Committee was held on 16 November 2023, at
           which the resolution in respect of the matters related to the second exercise and unlocking under the
           2020 A Share Option and Restricted Share Incentive Scheme was considered and approved.



  IV. INDEPENDENT OPINIONS OF THE SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE
      ON THE OPERATION OF THE COMPANY

      1.   Operation of the Company in Accordance with Law
           During the reporting period, the various work of the Board and senior management of the Company
           were in compliance with the relevant requirements of the Company Law, the Securities Law, the
           Listing Rules, the SSE Listing Rules, the Articles of Association, the Rules of Procedures of the Three
           Committees and the relevant provisions of various internal control systems etc., and the decision-
           making procedures were legitimate and effective. Directors and senior management of the Company
           performed in a diligent and responsible manner and the resolutions of the general meetings and
           the Board meetings were implemented faithfully. No acts were found to be in breach of laws and
           regulations, the Articles of Association and against the interests of the Company. Meanwhile, the
           Company has timely performed its disclosure obligations in strict compliance with the requirements of
           the Listing Rules and the SSE Listing Rules. During the reporting period, the Supervisory Committee
           has reviewed and given opinions in relation to the share option incentive schemes.
124
                                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                               Annual Report 2023




                        REPORT OF THE SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE



2.   Internal Control, Risk Management and Compliance Management
     Pursuant to the requirements of the Basic Standards for Enterprise Internal Control and its referencing
     guidelines, the Company consistently carried out its self-assessment on comprehensive risk
     management and internal control. During the reporting period, the Company continued to strengthen
     the implementation of internal control, enhance the supervision and inspection on internal control by the
     internal audit team, and make targeted internal control diagnosis and improvement in high-risk sectors
     and fields of business management. At the same time, the Company closely tracked key risk areas by
     conducting risk interviews, risk research and industry benchmarking, so as to improve the accuracy of
     risk assessment and formulate targeted risk management measures to enhance the level of prevention
     and response to different types of risks and challenges, and ensure the realisation of corporate
     objectives.


     Evaluation Report on Internal Control of the Company for 2023 comprehensively, truthfully, accurately
     and objectively reflects the construction and operation of the internal control system.


     The Company’s compliance management work focuses on “operation and effectiveness”, and
     constantly improves the four major systems including organisation, institution, operation and guarantee,
     so as to continuously improve the compliance management capabilities, and to preform well in
     responding to and preventing the compliance risks. No significant compliance risk event occurred
     during the year.



3.   Financial Conditions of the Company
     The Supervisory Committee examined the financial conditions of the Company seriously and carefully
     and reviewed the 2022 annual financial report and the first quarterly report, interim report and the
     third quarterly report of 2023 during the reporting period, and considered the profit distribution plan
     implemented by the Company during the reporting period.


     The Supervisory Committee considered that the Company has a sound financial system, standardised
     financial operations, and healthy financial status; the financial reports of the Company gave a full,
     true and objective view of the operation results and financial conditions of the Company, persons
     participating in the preparation and examination of the annual report were not found to have acted in
     breach of the rules of confidentiality; the audit report with unqualified opinions issued by the auditing
     firm was objective and fair.




                                                                                                                 125
  REPORT OF THE SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE



      4.    Utilisation and Management of Proceeds
            The Supervisory Committee inspected the utilisation and management of proceeds of the Company
            during the reporting period and was of the opinion that: the Company’s proceeds were strictly in
            compliance with the SSE Listing Rules, the Administrative Measures for Funds Raised by Companies
            Listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, the Articles of Association and Measures for the Management
            of Proceeds of the Company. Proceeds were deposited in designated accounts and were used for
            designated projects, and there were no changes to the use of proceeds. There were no circumstances
            in which the interests of the shareholders had been damaged, and there were no violations regarding
            the Company’s use of proceeds.



      5.    Related-Party Transactions
            The Supervisory Committee reviewed and audited the report of related-party transactions of the year.
            The Supervisory Committee considered that the Company had strictly abided by the relevant provisions
            of the A shares and H shares listing rules and the Articles of Association. The Supervisory Committee
            also considered that the procedures of the transactions were legal and transaction prices were fair
            and reasonable and was not aware of any circumstances which were prejudicial to the interests of the
            Company and the small- and medium-sized and minority shareholders.



  V. WORKING PLAN
      In 2024, the Supervisory Committee will continue to proactively perform its supervisory responsibilities
      under the laws, the listing rules of Hong Kong and Shanghai and the Articles of Association. On the basis of
      corporate governance and focusing on financial supervision and risk prevention, the Supervisory Committee
      will continue to pay attention to the Company’s business development. The Supervisory Committee will strictly
      implement the Rules of Procedures of the Supervisory Committee, organise and convene work meetings of
      the Supervisory Committee on a regular basis, and to attend the general meetings of shareholders, Board
      meetings and other important meetings of the Company according to law. These allow the Supervisory
      Committee to be timely informed of and supervise the legality of the major decisions and decision-making
      procedures of the Company in order to safeguard the legitimate interests of shareholders, staff members and
      the Company. The Supervisory Committee will faithfully and diligently perform its supervisory duties, strive to
      excel in every task, further promote the overall improvement of corporate governance of the Company, and
      facilitate the high-quality and sustainable development of the Company.




126
                                                                            Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                             Annual Report 2023



 Chapter 7

 ENVIRONMENTAL AND
 SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
I.   ENVIRONMENTAL INFORMATION
     The Company and every enterprise strictly abided by environmental protection laws and
     regulations, and endeavoured to implement the concept of environmental protection and green
     development in multiple dimensions based on industry characteristics, in order to co-construct a
     green, low-carbon and eco-friendly environment.


     (1)   In the field of products, the Company continuously accelerated the launch of more new
           energy vehicle models, considerably reducing fuel consumption and exhaust emissions per
           vehicle;


     (2)   In the field of production, the Company accelerated the advancement of innovative
           technologies, adopted greener and more energy-efficient facilities, and introduced more
           advanced technologies to reduce energy consumption;


     (3)   In the field of energy, various enterprises used clean energy to replace the original choices,
           and developed solar power generation with tremendous efforts through proactively making
           use of resources in our factories so as to boost the “green electricity” share in the production
           link;


     (4)   In the field of supply chain, the Company put forward requirements for environmental
           protection, energy conservation and emission reduction towards suppliers along the whole
           supply chain, conducted assessments on suppliers’ green and low-carbon management and
           encouraged suppliers to obtain environmental system certification; and


     (5)   In the field of public and employees, the Company actively carried out various advertising
           activities for environmental protection and pollution control in order to raise environmental
           protection awareness and build a green homeland together.


     For details about the policies and measures on the environmental protection of the Group, please
     refer to the full text of the 2023 Environmental, Social and Governance Report disclosed on the
     website of the Stock Exchange on 26 April 2024.




                                                                                                               127
  ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY



  II.   FULFILLMENT OF SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
        With the goal of “developing into a public company trusted by the society”, the Group always
        advocates green culture, builds a green supply chain, develops green offices, realises sustainable
        development and actively performs social responsibility.


        For details about the fulfillment of social responsibilities by the Group, please refer to the full text
        of the 2023 Social Responsibilities Report disclosed on the website of the Stock Exchange (in form
        of overseas regulatory announcement) on 28 March 2024.



  III. D E T A I L S O N P E R F O R M A N C E O F C O N S O L I D A T I O N O F
       ANTIPOVERTY ACHIEVEMENTS AND RURAL REVITALISATION

        1.    Robust fulfillment of “High-quality Development Project for
              Hundreds of Counties, Thousands of Towns and Tens of Thousands
              of Villages"
              According to the decision-making arrangements, the Group took the lead in pairing
              assistance to Dongshi Town, Pingyuan County, Meizhou. Oriented by the five-year plan, the
              Group has made every effort to solidify and expand its achievements in poverty alleviation,
              paid close attention to form a rural revitalisation demonstration zone and the development
              pattern of “one industry for one belt, one core alongside two wings” encompassing Dongshi
              Town, and focused on creating a characteristic town of “Brilliant Hakkas • Red Cultural
              Connotation”, with an accumulative donation of RMB10.30 million. Such donations are
              mainly used for Zhuangyuan Road of Tiemin Middle School, renovation and upgrading of
              town parking lots, industrial co-construction demonstration base for peanut and rice, main
              road lighting and monitoring projects, and people-benefiting canals and other livelihood
              infrastructure projects, thereby promoting consumption assistance. The Group organised
              leaders of the Group and its affiliated investee companies to successively coordinate relevant
              works for 63 times, propelling Dongshi to transform the blueprint of rural revitalisation into a
              reality.




128
                                                                     Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                      Annual Report 2023




              ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY



2.   In-depth Involvement in the East-West Coordination
     For the purpose of propelling the intensive “GAC class”, the Group continued its collaborative
     efforts in organising the intensive “GAC class” with Bijie Vocational and Technical College
     of Guizhou Province and Taijiang County Secondary Vocational School in Qiandongnan
     Prefecture. By establishing village-enterprise pairing to deepen assistance mechanism, the
     Group helped 10 villages in 1 township in Nayong County, constantly improving the living
     environment and appearance of Lizi Village as a demonstration site for rural revitalisation
     in collaboration between the east and the west. In the field of expanding cooperation, the
     Group promoted the “Automobiles Full of Fragrance and Love” project, developing more
     than 20 industries in aggregate, with sales exceeding RMB10 million in 2023. Consumption
     assistance has been vigorously facilitated to promote “Guizhou’s agricultural specialties go
     out of mountainous areas”. In order to further promote the integrated development of GAC
     and Bijie, Urtrust Insurance, a professional automobile insurance company under GAC Group,
     has established a branch in Bijie to propel the development of the local auto finance and
     insurance industry.



3.   Proactive promotion of “Thousands of Enterprises Help Thousands
     of Towns and Villages”
     In order to proactively respond to the provincial appeal for “Thousands of Enterprises
     Help Thousands of Towns and Villages”, the Group assisted in helping Taoyuan Village,
     Yaotian Town, Shaoguan. Taking the party construction as a driving force, the Group
     carried out activities such as branch co-construction, party members’ participation in visits
     and exchanges, and consumption        supports, investing RMB1.50 million to facilitate the
     consolidation and expansion of poverty alleviation achievements in Taoyuan Village, Yaotian
     Town, with the rural revitalisation comprehensively promoted.



4.   Support to the Development and Revitalisation of Eastern
     Guangdong and Northwest China
     The Group proactively advanced industrial assistance to Meizhou in eastern Guangdong
     under the “3+3+3+X” supportive model, striving for optimised “four-in-one” development.
     The Group has completed a cumulative investment of RMB1.63 billion while achieving a
     revenue of approximately RMB1.53 billion and tax revenue of approximately RMB57.64 million,
     creating employment for more than 1,800 people. It has introduced the concepts of smart
     manufacturing and industrialised production to the local area, and practically empowered
     the recipients of assistance and made positive contributions to the economic and social
     development of Meizhou.




                                                                                                        129
      Chapter 8

      SIGNIFICANT EVENTS
  I.   PERFORMANCE OF UNDERTAKINGS

       (I)   THE UNDERTAKINGS BY THE ULTIMATE CONTROLLERS,
             SHAREHOLDERS, RELATED PARTIES, PURCHASERS OF THE
             COMPANY, THE COMPANY AND OTHER RELEVANT PARTIES DURING
             THE REPORTING PERIOD OR SUBSISTING DURING THE REPORTING
             PERIOD
                                                                                                                                                                           Whether
                                                                                                                                                              Is there a   fulfilled
             Background of Type of                                                                                                    Time of     Period of fulfillment    strictly in
             undertakings undertakings   Undertaker Contents of undertakings                                                          undertaking undertaking time limit   time

             Other          Dividends    The Group   Provided that the profit and cash of the Company is sufficient for the continuous May 2021   2021-2023    Yes         Yes
                commitments                              operation and long term development of the Company, the profit distributed
                                                         in cash in each of the years between 2021 and 2023 shall be no less than
                                                         10% of the distributable profit realised in such year, whereas the cumulative
                                                         profit distributed in cash for the three consecutive years shall be no less than
                                                         30% of the average distributable profits realised in these three years. Articles
                                                         of Association: Profit distributed in cash shall be no less than 10% of the
                                                         distributable profit realised in such year.




130
                                                                                                                            Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2023




                                                                                                           SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



                                                                                                                                                                   Whether
                                                                                                                                                     Is there a    fulfilled
Background of Type of                                                                                                        Time of     Period of fulfillment     strictly in
undertakings undertakings     Undertaker Contents of undertakings                                                            undertaking undertaking time limit    time

Other         Non-competition GAIG        (1) Directly or indirectly do or participate in (or assist in doing or participating List date of A Long-term   Yes      Yes
  commitments                                  in) any business or activities which compete or may compete with the                 shares in
                                               principal business of the Company in any manner (including but not limited           2012
                                               to investment, merger and acquisition, forming associates, joint venture,
                                               cooperation, partnership, trust, underwriting, operating lease, acquisition of
                                               equity or joint stock), whether solely or jointly with other parties, in the PRC
                                               or overseas; (2) support any person other than promoters of the Company
                                               or subsidiaries of the promoters to do or participate in any business which
                                               competes or may compete with the principal business of the Company in any
                                               manner in the PRC or overseas; (3) intervene in any business or activities which
                                               compete or may compete with the principal business of the Company by other
                                               means (whether directly or indirectly), provided that the above undertaking
                                               shall not be applicable where GAIG or its subsidiaries (other than the Company
                                               and its subsidiaries) acquire or hold for investment purpose not more than
                                               5% interest in other company listed on an internationally recognised stock
                                               exchange whose principal business competes or may compete with the
                                               principal business of the Company; or where GAIG or its subsidiaries or
                                               investee company hold not more than 5% interest in a third party whose
                                               principal business competes or may compete with the principal business of
                                               the Company as a result of the debt restructuring of third parties; (4) if GAIG or
                                               its subsidiaries (other than the Company and its subsidiaries) come across any
                                               new business opportunity which competes or may compete with the principal
                                               business of the Company, it shall immediately inform the Company in writing,
                                               and shall use its best endeavours to procure such business opportunity be first
                                               offered to the Company or its subsidiaries on fair and reasonable terms and
                                               conditions. The Company shall, within 30 days from receiving the aforesaid
                                               notification, notify GAIG or its subsidiaries (other than the Company and its
                                               subsidiaries) in writing whether or not the Company or its subsidiaries intend
                                               to take up the aforesaid business opportunity. Upon receiving notification
                                               from the Company that it intends to take up such opportunity, GAIG or its
                                               subsidiaries shall refer such business opportunity to the Company or its
                                               subsidiaries; (5) if the Company or its subsidiaries decide not to take up such
                                               business opportunities for any reason, upon receiving notification from the
                                               Company of such intention or the Company fails to respond in writing to GAIG
                                               or its subsidiaries within the said 30-day period, GAIG or its subsidiaries (other
                                               than the Company and its subsidiaries) may operate such new business on its
                                               own; (6) in the future, when GAIG or its subsidiaries (other than the Company
                                               and its subsidiaries) operate such new business which competes or may
                                               compete with the principal business of the Company pursuant to paragraph
                                               (5) above, or due to adjustments in national policies or other force majeure
                                               or unexpected events, such that competition in the same business occurs or
                                               becomes inevitable, GAIG or its subsidiaries (other than the Company and its
                                               subsidiaries) shall offer an option to the Company or its subsidiaries, pursuant
                                               to which the Company or its subsidiaries shall have the right to acquire any
                                               equity, asset and other interest in the competing business from GAIG or its
                                               subsidiaries in accordance with statutory processes in one or multiple tranches,
                                               or the Company or its subsidiaries may elect to operate assets or businesses
                                               in the competing business by way of entrusted operation, operating lease
                                               or underwriting operation in accordance with statutory processes, provided
                                               that the relevant laws and regulations of the PRC and the listing rules of the
                                               relevant stock exchange then in force are complied with.

                                                                                                                                                                                 131
  SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



        (II) EXPLANATION ON WHETHER THE COMPANY HAS ACHIEVED ITS
             PROFIT FORECAST IN RELATION TO ASSETS OR PROJECTS, IF THERE
             IS ANY PROFIT FORECAST IN RELATION TO THE COMPANY’S ASSETS
             OR PROJECTS, AND THE REPORTING PERIOD IS WITHIN THE PROFIT
             FORECAST PERIOD
              □Met    □Unmet    3N/A



  II.   APPROPRIATION OF FUNDS OF THE COMPANY BY THE
        CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDER AND OTHER RELATED PARTIES
        FOR NON-OPERATIONAL ACTIVITIES DURING THE REPORTING
        PERIOD
        □Applicable   3N/A



  III. ILLEGAL GUARANTEE
        □Applicable   3N/A



  IV. APPOINTMENT OR DISMISSAL OF ACCOUNTANTS
                                                                     Unit: Yuan   Currency: RMB


                                                                         Currently appointed

        Name of domestic accounting firm                             ShineWing Certified Public
                                                                              Accountants LLP
        Remuneration of domestic accounting firm                                       970,000
        Audit years of domestic accounting firm                                              3
        Names of the Certified Public Accountants of domestic          Chen Jinqi, Ou Jinguang
         accounting firm
        Continuing service years of certified public accountant of                           3
         domestic accounting firm
        Name of overseas accounting firm                               PricewaterhouseCoopers
        Remuneration of overseas accounting firm                                      3,100,000
        Audit years of overseas accounting firm                                              13




132
                                                                         Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                          Annual Report 2023




                                                                 SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



                                       Name                                             Remuneration

   Internal control auditor            ShineWing Certified Public Accountants LLP                400,000




   EXPLANATION ON APPOINTMENT AND DISMISSAL OF ACCOUNTING
   FIRMS
   As considered and approved at the 38th meeting of the 6th session of the Board, the 13th
   meeting of the 6th session of the Supervisory Committee and the 2022 annual general meeting
   of the Company, the Company appointed ShineWing Certified Public Accountants LLP and
   PricewaterhouseCoopers as auditors of the Company for the year 2023.



   CHANGE OF ACCOUNTING FIRM DURING THE AUDITING PERIOD
   □Applicable   3N/A



V. DESCRIPTION OF RISKS OF DELISTING
   □Applicable   3N/A



VI. MATTERS RELATING TO INSOLVENCY OR RESTRUCTURING
   During the reporting period, on account of its insolvency, the joint venture of the Company,
   GAC FCA, filed for a winding-up in accordance with relevant requirements of existing laws and
   regulations in 2022. On 29 November 2022, Intermediate People’s Court of Changsha, Hunan
   Province issued the Civil Judgement [(2022) Xiang 01 Po Shen No. 139] ((2022) 湘01破 申139號) to
   formally accept its winding-up application. On 6 March 2023, Notice (2022) Xiang 01 Po No.214-
   1 ((2022) 湘01破 214-1號) was issued and Yingke (Changsha) Law Firm was designated to act as the
   administrator. Currently, the relevant matters are being processed in accordance with the statutory
   procedures.



VII. MATERIAL LITIGATIONS AND ARBITRATIONS
   The Company had no material litigations or arbitrations during the year.




                                                                                                            133
  SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



  VIII. PUNISHMENT ON THE COMPANY AND ITS DIRECTORS,
        SUPERVISORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT, CONTROLLING
        SHAREHOLDERS AND ULTIMATE CONTROLLERS AND
        RELEVANT RECTIFICATIONS FOR SUSPECTED VIOLATION OF
        LAWS AND REGULATIONS
       □Applicable   3N/A



  IX. DESCRIPTION OF INTEGRITY OF THE COMPANY AND ITS
      SHAREHOLDERS AND ACTUAL CONTROLLERS DURING THE
      REPORTING PERIOD
       □Applicable   3N/A



  X.   SHARE OPTION INCENTIVE SCHEME, EMPLOYEE STOCK
       OWNERSHIP SCHEME OR OTHER EQUITY INCENTIVES OF THE
       COMPANY AND THE IMPACTS THEREOF

       A-SHARE OPTION
       A-share option represents the right granted to a participant by the Company to acquire certain
       number of A shares of the Company at a pre-determined price and conditions within a particular
       period of time. The source of the underlying shares shall be the ordinary A shares to be issued by
       the Company to the participants.



       RESTRICTED SHARES
       Restricted shares represent a certain number of A shares of the Company granted to the
       participants by the Company under the conditions and at the price as stipulated in the incentive
       scheme, which are subject to the lock-up period and can only be unlocked for trading when the
       unlocking conditions under the incentive scheme are satisfied. The source of the underlying shares
       shall be the ordinary A shares to be issued by the Company to the participants.




134
                                                                    Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                     Annual Report 2023




                                                            SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



(I)   2020 A SHARE OPTION AND RESTRICTED SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEME
      (THE “2020 INCENTIVE SCHEME”)
      1.   Purpose
           In order to further establish and improve the long-term incentive mechanism of the
           Company, attract and retain talented individuals, fully mobilise the enthusiasm of the
           directors, senior management, other management personnel who has a direct impact
           on the Company’s operating performance and key core technical (business) personnel
           of the Company, and effectively bond the interests of the shareholders, the Company
           and individuals of core teams together, making all parties to attend to the long-
           term development of the Company, on the premise of fully protecting the interests
           of the shareholders and on the principle of income equivalent to contribution, the
           2020 Incentive Scheme was formulated and passed at the 2020 second extraordinary
           general meeting and the 2020 first class meetings for holders of A and H shares of the
           Company held on 13 November 2020.


      2.   Scheme Participants
           All of the participants under the 2020 Incentive Scheme are employee participants
           as defined under Rule 17.03A(1)(a) of the Listing Rules, including the directors,
           senior management, other management personnel who has a direct impact on the
           Company’s operating performance and key core technical (business) personnel of the
           Company.


      3.   Basis of determining the exercise price of the share options and the grant price
           of the restricted shares
           The Company granted a total of 102,101,330 A share options, which were all the A share
           options available for grant under the 2020 Incentive Scheme, to 2,872 participants on
           4 December 2020, and the exercise price before adjustment was RMB9.98 per share,
           which was determined with reference to the highest of the following and shall not be
           lower than the nominal amount of the A shares:


           (1)   the average trading price of the A shares of the Company on the trading day
                 preceding the date of the proposal announcement (i.e. 24 September 2020)
                 which is RMB9.91; and


           (2)   one of the average trading prices of the A shares of the Company for 20 trading
                 days, 60 trading days or 120 trading days preceding the date of the proposal
                 announcement.




                                                                                                       135
  SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



          The Company granted a total of 102,101,330 restricted shares, which were all the A share
          awards available for grant under the 2020 Incentive Scheme, to 2,872 participants on
          4 December 2020, and the grant price was RMB4.99 per share, which was determined
          with reference to the highest of the following and shall not be lower than the nominal
          amount of the A shares:


          (1)   50% of the average trading price of the A shares of the Company on the trading
                day preceding the date of the proposal announcement (i.e. 24 September 2020)
                (which is RMB9.91); and


          (2)   50% of one of the average trading prices of the A shares of the Company for
                20 trading days, 60 trading days or 120 trading days preceding the date of the
                proposal announcement.


          The adjustment details for the exercise price of share options and the repurchase price
          of restricted shares (in the event that such restricted shares are to be repurchased and
          cancelled by the Company) since the implementation of the 2020 Incentive Scheme
          are as follows:


          •     Since 8 June 2021, as a result of the implementation of the final profit distribution
                plan for 2020, the exercise price of share options was adjusted to RMB9.83/A
                share accordingly and the repurchase price of restricted shares was adjusted
                to RMB4.84/A share accordingly under the 2020 Incentive Scheme. For details,
                please refer to the “Announcement on Adjusting the Exercise Price of the Share
                Option and Restricted Share Repurchase Price” (Announcement No.: Lin 2021-
                034) disclosed on the websites of SSE and the Stock Exchange on 26 May 2021.


          •     Since 22 September 2021, as a result of the implementation of the interim profit
                distribution plan for 2021, the exercise price of share options was adjusted to
                RMB9.78/A share accordingly and the repurchase price of restricted shares was
                adjusted to RMB4.79/A share accordingly under the 2020 Incentive Scheme. For
                details, please refer to the “Announcement on Adjusting the Exercise Price of
                the Share Option and Restricted Share Repurchase Price” (Announcement No.:
                Lin 2021-066) disclosed on the websites of SSE and the Stock Exchange on 13
                September 2021.




136
                                                       Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                        Annual Report 2023




                                               SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



•   Since 21 November 2022, as a result of the implementation of the final profit
    distribution plan for 2021 and the interim profit distribution plan for 2022, the
    exercise price of share options was adjusted to RMB9.55/A share accordingly
    and the repurchase price of restricted shares was adjusted to RMB4.56/A share
    accordingly under the 2020 Incentive Scheme. At the same time, in terms of the
    repurchase of restricted shares due to the resignation, retirement, assessment,
    etc. of participants, the repurchase prices are RMB4.56/A share and RMB4.67172/
    A share, respectively, depending on the circumstances of participants triggering
    the repurchase cancellation conditions (plus deposit interest for the same
    period). For details, please refer to the “Announcement on Adjusting the Equity
    Price, Equity Quantity and Personnel List of the 2020 A Share Options and
    Restricted Share Incentive Scheme” (Announcement No.: Lin 2022-077) disclosed
    on the websites of SSE and the Stock Exchange on 21 November 2022.


•   Since 16 June 2023, as a result of the implementation of the final profit
    distribution plan for 2022, the exercise price of share options was adjusted to
    RMB9.37/A share accordingly and the repurchase price of restricted shares was
    adjusted to RMB4.38/A share accordingly under the 2020 Incentive Scheme. For
    details, please refer to the “Announcement on Adjusting the Exercise Price of
    the Share Option and Restricted Share Repurchase Price in the Share Option
    Incentive Scheme of the Company” (Announcement No.: Lin 2023-050) disclosed
    on the websites of SSE and the Stock Exchange on 8 June 2023.


•   Since 18 September 2023, as a result of the implementation of the interim profit
    distribution plan for 2023, the exercise price of share options was adjusted to
    RMB9.32/A share accordingly and the repurchase price of restricted shares was
    adjusted to RMB4.33/A share accordingly under the 2020 Incentive Scheme. For
    details, please refer to the “Announcement on Adjusting the Exercise Price of
    the Share Option and Restricted Share Repurchase Price in the Share Option
    Incentive Scheme of the Company” (Announcement No.: Lin 2023-080) disclosed
    on the websites of SSE and the Stock Exchange on 8 September 2023.




                                                                                          137
  SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



            The closing price of the Company’s A shares on the date immediately before the grant
            date of the 2020 Incentive Scheme was RMB13.29 per share. Within any 12-month
            period, none of the participants were granted or will be granted options and awards in
            aggregate exceeding 1% of the total issued A shares of the Company under all effective
            share schemes of the Company. Details of the maximum entitlement (including A
            share options and restricted shares) that each director and senior management of
            the Company may be granted under the 2020 Incentive Scheme are set out in the
            Company’s circular disclosed on the website of the Stock Exchange on 22 October 2020,
            and the maximum entitlement that can be granted to each other individual participant
            shall not be higher than the maximum entitlement limit of the above-mentioned ones.
            No amount is payable by the participants on application or acceptance of the A share
            options under the 2020 Incentive Scheme. According to the 2020 Incentive Scheme,
            the grant price of restricted A shares was RMB4.99 per share. In other words, after
            meeting the grant conditions, the participants purchased the restricted A shares which
            were issued and granted by the Company at a price of RMB4.99 per share.


       4.   Validity period, vesting period and exercise period
            The 2020 Incentive Scheme shall be effective from the date on which the share options
            and the restricted shares have been granted and registered, and end on the date
            on which all the share options granted to the participants have been exercised or
            cancelled and all the restricted shares granted to the participants have been unlocked
            or repurchased and cancelled respectively, which shall not exceed 60 months, i.e.
            still effective until December 2025 with approximately one year and eight months
            remaining. The vesting period and the lock-up period of share options and restricted
            shares respectively were 24 months, 36 months, 48 months from the date on which
            the share options were granted and registered.


            As at the date of this annual report (i.e., 26 April 2024), the total number of securities
            issuable under the 2020 Incentive Scheme was 48,706,997 shares, representing
            approximately 0.46% of the total issued shares of the Company then.


            Since all the 102,101,330 A share options and 102,101,330 restricted A shares available
            for grant under the 2020 Incentive Scheme were granted on 4 December 2020, the
            number of options and awards available for grant under the scheme mandate of the
            2020 Incentive Scheme at the beginning and the end of the report period were both 0.
            As no service provider is eligible to be a participant under the 2020 Incentive Scheme,
            the service provider sublimit is not applicable to the 2020 Incentive Scheme.




138
                                                           Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                            Annual Report 2023




                                                   SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



The exercise periods and exercise schedule for the share options are as follows:


Exercise                                                                      Exercisable
arrangement          Exercise period                                          proportion

First exercise       Commencing from the first trading day after              40%
 period                expiry of the 24-month period from the date of
                       completion of registration of the share options and
                       ending on the last trading day of the 36-month
                       period from the date of completion of registration
                       of the share options
Second exercise      Commencing from the first trading day after              30%
 period                expiry of the 36-month period from the date of
                       completion of registration of the share options and
                       ending on the last trading day of the 48-month
                       period from the date of completion of registration
                       of the share options
Third exercise       Commencing from the first trading day after              30%
 period                expiry of the 48-month period from the date of
                       completion of registration of the share options and
                       ending on the last trading day of the 60-month
                       period from the date of completion of registration
                       of the share options


The participants shall complete the exercise of the share options within the validity
period. If the exercise conditions are not satisfied, the A share options for the
corresponding period shall not become exercisable. If the exercise conditions are
satisfied but not all of the relevant A share options for that period have been exercised,
the remaining A share options shall lapse automatically and shall be cancelled by the
Company.


The details of the A share options under the 2020 Incentive Scheme for (i) directors and
senior management and (ii) other employee participants during the reporting period
are as follows:




                                                                                              139
  SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



          A share options under the 2020 Incentive Scheme


                                                                                                                          Unit: share(s) (A share) Currency: RMB

                                                                                                                                                                                 Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                                  average
                                                                                                                                                                              closing price
                                                               Number of                                       Shares issued                                                  immediately
                                                              outstanding    Number of    Number of upon exercise                   Number of                                   before the      Number of
                                                                  A share       A share       A share                        of       A share     Number of                       dates on     outstanding
                                                                  options options newly       options                A share          options        A share   Exercise         which the          A share
                                                               held at the      granted   exercisable                 options       cancelled        options   price of            A share     options held
                                                             beginning of    during the   during the              during the        during the lapsed during   A share options were at the end of
                          Position/                          the reporting    reporting     reporting              reporting         reporting the reporting   options           exercised the reporting
          Name            Type of Participants                     period        period         period                 period          period         period      (RMB)              (RMB)          period

          Feng Xingya     Director and General Manager            290,000            0    116,000(Note 2)         116,000(Note 2)           0             0    9.55(Note 5)            11.15        174,000
                                                                                           87,000   (Note 3)


          Chen Maoshan    Staff Director and chairman of           147,000           0      73,500(Note3)                     0         73,500            0     N/A(Note 5)            N/A           73,500
                             the labour union
                          (retired on 4 September 2023)
          Yan Zhuangli    Deputy General Manager                  260,000            0    104,000(Note 2)                     0             0        104,000    N/A(Note 5)            N/A          156,000
                                                                                           78,000   (Note 3)


          Deng Lei        Non-executive director,                  128,300           0      51,320(Note 2)         51,320(Note 2)           0             0    9.37(Note 5)           10.47          76,980
                             chairwoman of the labour                                      38,490   (Note 3)


                             union
                          (appointed on 4 September
                             2023)
          Wang Dan        Chief accountant and person in           156,000           0     78,000(Note 3)                     0             0             0     N/A(Note 5)            N/A          156,000
                             charge of accounting function
          Gao Rui         Deputy General Manager                   96,000            0     48,000(Note 3)                     0             0             0     N/A(Note 5)            N/A           96,000
          Jiang Xiuyun    Deputy General Manager                        0            0                   0                    0             0             0     N/A(Note 5)            N/A               0


          Yu Jun          Deputy General Manager                   147,000           0     73,500(Note 3)                     0             0             0     N/A(Note 5)            N/A          147,000
          Zheng Heng      Deputy General Manager                  245,000            0     98,000   (Note 2)
                                                                                                                              0             0         98,000    N/A(Note 5)            N/A          147,000
                                                                                           73,500(Note 3)
          Xia Xianqing    Deputy General Manager                  245,000            0     98,000(Note 2)                     0             0         98,000    N/A(Note 5)            N/A          147,000
                                                                                           73,500   (Note 3)


          Liu Xiangneng   Secretary to the Board and                53,880           0     26,940(Note 3)                     0             0             0     N/A(Note 5)            N/A           53,880
                             company secretary
                          (appointed on 24 October 2023)
          Sui Li          Secretary to the Board and               147,000           0      73,500(Note3)                     0         73,500            0     N/A(Note 5)            N/A           73,500
                             company secretary
                          (resigned on 31 July 2023)




140
                                                                                                                                          Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                                             Annual Report 2023




                                                                                                                          SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



                                                                                                                                                                                 Weighted
                                                                                                                                                                                  average
                                                                                                                                                                              closing price
                                                       Number of                                       Shares issued                                                          immediately
                                                      outstanding    Number of       Number of upon exercise                Number of                                           before the     Number of
                                                          A share       A share          A share                     of       A share       Number of                             dates on    outstanding
                                                          options options newly          options              A share         options         A share           Exercise        which the         A share
                                                       held at the      granted     exercisable               options       cancelled         options           price of           A share    options held
                                                     beginning of    during the      during the           during the        during the lapsed during            A share options were at the end of
                    Position/                        the reporting    reporting        reporting           reporting         reporting the reporting             options         exercised the reporting
Name                Type of Participants                   period        period            period              period          period          period              (RMB)             (RMB)          period

                    2020 Incentive Scheme               62,540,574           0     11,891,873(Note 2) 10,080,922(Note 2)      3,092,691       1,810,951 From 1 January                10.43      47,406,137
                       Middle level and other core                                24,164,340(Note 3)      149,873(Note 3)                                      to 15 June
                       businesses, technical and                                                                                                               2023: 9.55;
                       management key personnel                                                                                                           from 16 June to
                       (i.e. 2,533 other employee                                                                                                          17 September
                       participants in total)                                                                                                                  2023: 9.37;
                                                                                                                                                                 from 18
                                                                                                                                                           September to
                                                                                                                                                            31 December
                                                                                                                                                               2023: 9.32

Total (together with that of the Directors and
  Senior Management):
                    2,545                               64,455,754           0         37,247,463            10,398,115       3,239,691       2,110,951                  /                /     48,706,997




                                                                                                                                                                                                              141
  SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



          Notes:

          1.       All participants must be employed by the Company pursuant to employment contracts

                   during the appraisal period of the 2020 Incentive Scheme and no participants are retired

                   staff re-employed by the Company. Among the participants, none of them are substantial

                   shareholders or controllers of the Company who individually or jointly hold 5% or more

                   of the shares, or their spouse, parents or children. All A share options under the 2020

                   Incentive Scheme have been granted to the relevant participants on 4 December 2020 (i.e.

                   the grant date). The vesting period for the relevant A share options is set out on page 139 of

                   this report.



          2.       Such A share options had become exercisable since the first exercise period commenced

                   on 12 December 2022, expiring on 10 December 2023 (subject to the relevant restriction

                   period).



          3.       Such A share options had become exercisable since the second exercise period

                   commenced on 11 December 2023, expiring on 10 December 2024 (subject to the relevant

                   restriction period).



          4.       None of the participants were granted or will be granted share options and awards in

                   aggregate exceeding 1% of the total issued A shares of the Company within any 12 months

                   under all effective share schemes of the Company and held throughout the scheme period.



          5.       Corresponding adjustments were made to the exercise prices of the A share options

                   in accordance with the Company’s profit distribution plan (please refer to the previous

                   paragraphs on page 137 for details in relation to the respective exercise price adjustments

                   of each incentive scheme).




142
                                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                 Annual Report 2023




                                                    SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



The unlocking periods and unlocking schedule of each unlocking period for the
restricted shares are as follows:


Unlocking                                                                          Unlocking
arrangement           Unlocking period                                             proportion



First unlocking       Commencing from the first trading day after                  40%
 period                 expiry of the 24-month period from the date
                        of completion of registration of the restricted
                        shares and ending on the last trading day of the
                        36-month period from the date of completion of
                        registration of the restricted shares
Second unlocking      Commencing from the first trading day after                  30%
 period                 expiry of the 36-month period from the date
                        of completion of registration of the restricted
                        shares and ending on the last trading day of the
                        48-month period from the date of completion of
                        registration of the restricted shares
Third unlocking       Commencing from the first trading day after                  30%
 period                 expiry of the 48-month period from the date
                        of completion of registration of the restricted
                        shares and ending on the last trading day of the
                        60-month period from the date of completion of
                        registration of the restricted shares


For restricted shares that unlocking has not been applied for or unlocking cannot
be applied due to failure to meet the unlocking conditions during such unlocking
period(s), the Company will repurchase and cancel such restricted shares in accordance
with the rules of the 2020 Incentive Scheme.


The shares obtained by the participants by way of grant of the restricted shares arising
from capitalisation issue, bonus issue and share subdivision shall be subject to locking,
and shall not be sold in the secondary market or otherwise transferred. Such unlocking
period(s) of such shares are the same as that of the restricted shares. If the Company
repurchases the restricted shares that are yet to be unlocked, such shares shall be
repurchased altogether.




                                                                                                   143
  SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



          The details of the restricted A shares under the 2020 Incentive Scheme for (i) directors
          and senior management and (ii) other employee participants during the reporting
          period are as follows:–


          Restricted A shares under the 2020 Incentive Scheme


                                                                                                             Unit: share(s) (A share) Currency: RMB


                                                                                                               Weighted
                                                              Number of     Number of     Number of              average          Number of                                  Number of
                                                               locked-up    restricted     restricted closing price                restricted                                 remaining
                                                               restricted    A shares       A shares         immediately            A shares    Repurchase     Number of      locked-up
                                                                A shares        newly      unlocked            before the cancelled and         price of the    restricted    restricted
                                                              held at the     granted    (i.e. vested)       vesting date        repurchased      cancelled      A shares A shares held
                                                            beginning of    during the    during the         of restricted        during the     restricted lapsed during at the end of
                          Position/                         the reporting    reporting     reporting            A shares           reporting       A shares the reporting the reporting
          Name            Type of Participants                    period       period    period   (Note 2)
                                                                                                              (RMB)   (Note 2)
                                                                                                                                      period         (RMB)         period        period

          Feng Xingya     Director and General Manager            174,000           0          87,000                   9.31               0            N/A             0        87,000
          Chen Maoshan    Staff Director and chairman of          147,000           0          73.500                   9.31               0            N/A             0        73,500
                            the labour union
                          (retired on 4 September 2023)
          Yan Zhuangli    Deputy General Manager                  156,000           0          78,000                   9.31               0            N/A             0        78,000
          Deng Lei        Non-executive director,                  76,980           0          38,490                   9.31               0            N/A             0        38,490
                            chairwoman of the labour
                            union (appointed on 4
                            September 2023)
          Wang Dan        Chief accountant and person in          156,000           0          78,000                   9.31               0            N/A             0        78,000
                            charge of accounting function
          Gao Rui         Deputy General Manager                  96,000            0         48,000                    9.31               0            N/A             0        48,000
          Jiang Xiuyun    Deputy General Manager                       0            0                  0                9.31               0            N/A             0             0
          Yu Jun          Deputy General Manager                  147,000           0          73,500                   9.31               0            N/A             0        73,500
          Zheng Heng      Deputy General Manager                  147,000           0          73,500                   9.31               0            N/A             0        73,500
          Xia Xianqing    Deputy General Manager                  147,000           0          73,500                   9.31               0            N/A             0        73,500
          Liu Xiangneng   Secretary to the Board and               53,880           0          26,940                   9.31               0            N/A             0        26,940
                            company secretary (appointed
                            on 24 October 2023)
          Sui Li          Secretary to the Board and              147,000           0          73,500                   9.31               0            N/A             0        73,500
                            company secretary
                          (resigned on 31 July 2023)




144
                                                                                                                         Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2023




                                                                                                       SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



                                                                                                       Weighted
                                                        Number of     Number of     Number of            average        Number of                                  Number of
                                                         locked-up    restricted     restricted closing price            restricted                                 remaining
                                                         restricted    A shares       A shares       immediately          A shares    Repurchase     Number of      locked-up
                                                          A shares        newly       unlocked         before the cancelled and       price of the    restricted    restricted
                                                        held at the     granted    (i.e. vested)     vesting date      repurchased      cancelled      A shares A shares held
                                                      beginning of    during the    during the       of restricted      during the     restricted lapsed during at the end of
                       Position/                      the reporting    reporting     reporting           A shares        reporting       A shares the reporting the reporting
Name                   Type of Participants                 period       period    period (Note 2)    (RMB) (Note 2)        period         (RMB)         period        period

2020 Incentive         Middle level and other core       62,252,423           0      26,270,455                 9.31      4,049,816           4.56            0     28,654,576
        Scheme           businesses, technical and
                         management key personnel
                         (i.e. 2,654 other employee
                         participants in total)
                                                                                                                          3,277,576        4.67172

Total (together with that of the Directors and
        Senior Management):
                       2,666                             63,700,283           0      26,994,385                    /      7,327,392              /            0     29,378,506
2,666




Notes:

1.               For the date of grant, grant price, validity period, vesting period and repurchase price of

                 the abovementioned restricted A shares, please refer to the paragraph headed “X. Share

                 Option Incentive Scheme, Employee Stock Ownership Scheme or Other Staff Incentives of

                 the Company and the Impacts Thereof” set forth in Chapter 8-“Significant Events” of this

                 report.



2.               On 11 December 2023 (i.e. upon the expiry of the second unlocking period), such restricted

                 A shares were unlocked and become unrestricted for trade.



3.               Details of the repurchase price of the relevant restricted A shares which have to be

                 cancelled and the corresponding adjustments to the repurchase price are set out on pages

                 136 and 137 of this report.




                                                                                                                                                                                 145
  SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



      (II) 2022 A SHARE OPTION INCENTIVE SCHEME (THE “2022 INCENTIVE
           SCHEME”)
         1.   Purpose
              In order to further establish and improve the long-term incentive mechanism of the
              Company, attract and retain talented individuals, fully mobilise the enthusiasm of
              the senior management, other management personnel who has a direct impact on
              the Company’s operating performance and key core technical (business) personnel
              of the Company, and effectively bond the interests of the shareholders, the Company
              and individuals of core teams together, making all parties to attend to the long-term
              development of the Company, on the premise of fully protecting the interests of the
              shareholders and on the principle of income equivalent to contribution, the Company
              formulated the 2022 Incentive Scheme, which has been duly approved by way of
              special resolutions passed at the 2023 first extraordinary general meeting and the 2023
              first class meetings for A and H shareholders of the Company respectively held on 20
              January 2023.


         2.   Scheme Participants
              The participants under the 2022 Incentive Scheme are all employee participants
              as defined under Rule 17.03A(1)(a) of the Listing Rules, including the directors,
              senior management, other management personnel who has a direct impact on the
              Company’s operating performance and key core technical (business) personnel of the
              Company.


         3.   Number of Granted Options and the Basis of Determining the Exercise Price of
              the Share Options
              A total of 233,896,200 A share options were granted to 3,089 participants on 20 January
              2023, and the exercise price was RMB11.99 per share, which was determined with
              reference to the highest of the following and shall not be lower than the nominal
              amount of the A shares:


              (1)   the average trading price of the A shares of the Company on the trading day
                    preceding the date of the proposal announcement (i.e. 13 December 2022) which
                    is RMB11.82; and


              (2)   one of the average trading prices of the A shares of the Company for 20 trading
                    days, 60 trading days or 120 trading days preceding the date of the proposal
                    announcement.




146
                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                               Annual Report 2023




                                                      SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



     The adjustment details for the exercise price of share options since the implementation
     of the 2022 Incentive Scheme are as follows:


     •     Since 16 June 2023, as a result of the implementation of the final profit
           distribution plan for 2022, the exercise price of share options was adjusted to
           RMB11.81/A share accordingly under the 2022 Incentive Scheme. For details,
           please refer to the “Announcement on Adjusting the Exercise Price of the Share
           Option and Restricted Share Repurchase Price in the Share Option Incentive
           Scheme of the Company” (Announcement No.: Lin 2023-050) disclosed on the
           websites of SSE and the Stock Exchange on 8 June 2023.


     •     Since 18 September 2023, as a result of the implementation of the interim profit
           distribution plan for 2023, the exercise price of share options was adjusted to
           RMB11.76/A share accordingly under the 2022 Incentive Scheme. For details,
           please refer to the “Announcement on Adjusting the Exercise Price of the Share
           Option and Restricted Share Repurchase Price in the Share Option Incentive
           Scheme of the Company” (Announcement No.: Lin 2023-080) disclosed on the
           websites of SSE and the Stock Exchange on 8 September 2023.


     The closing price of the Company’s A shares on the date immediately before the grant
     date of the 2022 Incentive Scheme was RMB11.37 per share. Within any 12-month
     period, none of the participants were granted or will be granted options and awards in
     aggregate exceeding 1% of the total issued A shares of the Company under all effective
     share schemes of the Company. Details of the maximum entitlement (i.e. A share
     options) that each director and senior management of the Company may be granted
     under the 2022 Incentive Scheme are set out in the Company’s circular disclosed on
     the website of the Stock Exchange on 4 January 2023, and the maximum entitlement
     that can be granted to each other individual participant shall not be higher than the
     maximum entitlement limit of the above-mentioned ones. No amount is payable by
     the participants on application or acceptance of the A share options under the 2022
     Incentive Scheme.


4.   Validity period, vesting period and exercise period


     The 2022 Incentive Scheme shall be effective from the date on which the share options
     were granted (i.e. 20 January 2023), and end on the date on which all the share options
     granted to the participants have been exercised or cancelled, and for no more than
     60 months, i.e. until January 2028 with three years and nine months remaining. The
     vesting period of the respective portions are 24 months, 36 months and 48 months
     from the date on which the share options were granted.




                                                                                                 147
  SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



          As at the date of this report (i.e., 26 April 2024), the total number of securities issuable
          under the 2022 Incentive Scheme was 233,455,400 shares, representing approximately
          2.23% of the total issued shares of the Company then.


          Since the 2022 Incentive Scheme was adopted on 20 January 2023, and given that all
          the 233,896,200 A share options available for grant under the 2022 Incentive Scheme
          were granted on 20 January 2023 (and no share award is available for grant under the
          2022 Incentive Scheme), the number of options and awards available for grant under
          the scheme mandate of the 2022 Incentive Scheme at the beginning and the end of
          the report period were both 0. As no service provider is eligible to be a participant
          under the 2020 Incentive Scheme, the service provider sublimit is not applicable to the
          2022 Incentive Scheme.


          The arrangements of exercise period and the duration of each exercise period for the
          share options are as follows:


          Exercise                                                                      Exercisable
          arrangement           Exercise period                                         proportion

          First exercise        Commencing from the first trading day after expiry              20%
           period                 of the 24-month period from the grant date and
                                  ending on the last trading day of the 36-month
                                  period from the grant date
          Second exercise       Commencing from the first trading day after expiry              40%
           period                 of the 36-month period from the grant date and
                                  ending on the last trading day of the 48-month
                                  period from the grant date
          Third exercise        Commencing from the first trading day after expiry              40%
           period                 of the 48-month period from the grant date and
                                  ending on the last trading day of the 60-month
                                  period from the grant date


          The participants shall complete the exercise of the share options within the relevant
          exercise period. If the exercise conditions are not satisfied, the A share options for
          the corresponding period shall not become exercisable. If the exercise conditions are
          satisfied, but such relevant A share options that are not exercised within the stipulated
          exercise period will automatically lapse and be cancelled by the Company.




148
                                                                                                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                        Annual Report 2023




                                                                                                         SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



During the reporting period, there were no A share options or restricted shares
available for grant in accordance with the scheme mandate limit and service provider
sublimit respectively defined under Rule 17.03(3) of the Listing Rules.


The details of the A share options under the 2022 Incentive Scheme for (i) directors and
senior management and (ii) other employee participants during the reporting period
are as follows:


A share options under the 2022 Incentive Scheme


                                                                                                       Unit: share(s) (A share) Currency: RMB


                                                                                         Weighted
                                                                                          average
                                                                                      closing price
                                                      Number of                       immediately                          Shares issued   Number of
                                                     outstanding         Number of      before the      Number of                  upon      A share                         Number of
                                                         A share           A share        dates on        A share            exercise of     options                        outstanding
                                                         options options newly          which the         options               A share       lapsed/        Exercise           A share
                                                      held at the          granted         A share     exercisable              options    cancelled          price of      options held
                                                    beginning of         during the options were        during the            during the   during the         A share at the end of
                                                    the reporting         reporting        granted       reporting             reporting    reporting         options the reporting
Name           Position/Type of Participants         period   (Note 1)
                                                                            period           (RMB)     period   (Note 2)
                                                                                                                                 period       period             (RMB)           period

Feng Xingya    Director and General Manager                    N/A         500,000             11.37                 0                0            0    11.99/11.81/11.76       500,000
Chen Maoshan   Staff Director and chairman of                  N/A          425,000            11.37                 0                0            0    11.99/11.81/11.76        425,000
                   the labour union (retired on 4
                   September 2023)
Deng Lei       Non-executive director,                         N/A          425,000            11.37                 0                0            0    11.99/11.81/11.76        425,000
                   chairwoman of the labour
                   union (appointed on 4
                   September 2023)
Yan Zhuangli   Deputy General Manager                          N/A         450,000             11.37                 0                0            0    11.99/11.81/11.76       450,000
Wang Dan       Chief accountant and person in                  N/A         450,000             11.37                 0                0            0    11.99/11.81/11.76       450,000
                   charge of accounting function
Gao Rui        Deputy General Manager                          N/A         450,000             11.37                 0                0            0    11.99/11.81/11.76       450,000
Jiang Xiuyun   Deputy General Manager                          N/A         450,000             11.37                 0                0            0    11.99/11.81/11.76       450,000
Yu Jun         Deputy General Manager                          N/A         450,000             11.37                 0                0            0    11.99/11.81/11.76       450,000
Zheng Heng     Deputy General Manager                          N/A         450,000             11.37                 0                0            0    11.99/11.81/11.76       450,000
Xia Xianqing   Deputy General Manager                          N/A         450,000             11.37                 0                0            0    11.99/11.81/11.76       450,000
Sui Li         Secretary to the Board and                      N/A          425,000            11.37                 0                0            0    11.99/11.81/11.76        425,000
                   company secretary (resigned
                   on 31 July 2023)

                                                                                                                                                                                           149
  SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



                                                                                                  Weighted
                                                                                                   average
                                                                                               closing price
                                                                Number of                      immediately                        Shares issued   Number of
                                                               outstanding       Number of       before the      Number of                upon      A share                         Number of
                                                                    A share         A share        dates on          A share        exercise of     options                        outstanding
                                                                    options options newly        which the           options           A share       lapsed/        Exercise           A share
                                                                held at the         granted         A share     exercisable            options    cancelled          price of      options held
                                                              beginning of       during the options were         during the          during the   during the         A share at the end of
                                                              the reporting       reporting         granted       reporting           reporting    reporting         options the reporting
          Name             Position/Type of Participants       period (Note 1)       period           (RMB)     period (Note 2)         period       period             (RMB)           period

          Liu Xiangneng    Secretary of the Board and                    N/A        230,000             11.37                0               0            0    11.99/11.81/11.76        230,000
                               company secretary (appointed
                               on 24 October 2023)
                           Middle level and other core                   N/A     228,300,400            11.37                0               0            0    11.99/11.81/11.76    228,300,400
                               businesses, technical and
                               management key personnel
                               (i.e. 3,071 other employee
                               participants in total)

          Total (together with that of the Directors and
               Senior Management):
                           3,083                                         N/A     233,455,400                /                0               0            0    11.99/11.81/11.76    233,455,400



          Notes:

          1.          At the beginning of the reporting period, the 2022 Incentive Scheme had not been

                      approved and become effective yet. All the 223,896,200 A share options available for grant

                      under the 2022 Incentive Scheme were granted on 20 January 2023. Since 16 June 2023,

                      as a result of the implementation of the final profit distribution plan for 2022, the price of

                      A share options was adjusted to RMB11.81/A share accordingly under the 2022 Incentive

                      Scheme. Since 18 September 2023, as a result of the implementation of the interim profit

                      distribution plan for 2023, the price of A share options was adjusted to RMB11.76/A share

                      accordingly under the 2022 Incentive Scheme. Details of the exercise prices of the relevant

                      A share options under the 2022 Incentive Scheme are set out on page 147 of this report.




150
                                                                     Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                      Annual Report 2023




                                                          SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



2.    During the reporting period, A share options under the 2022 Incentive Scheme have not

      become exercisable yet. Details of the vesting period, the exercise period and exercise price

      for the relevant A share options under the 2022 Incentive Scheme are set out on pages 146

      to 148 of this report.



3.    All A share options under the 2022 Incentive Scheme has been granted to the participants

      (including the above-mentioned directors and senior management) on 20 January 2023.

      The above share options granted are subject to the fulfillment of the performance appraisal

      requirements and the individual performance appraisal requirements by the Company and

      participants respectively during each of the relevant exercise periods. For details, please

      refer to Appendix VI to the circular of the Company dated 4 January 2023 in relation to,

      among other things, the Fourth Share Option Incentive Scheme.



4.    The fair values of the above A share options on the date of grant and the accounting

      standards and policies adopted are set out below:



      Accounting standards       Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises No.11 – Share-
                                   based Payments and Accounting Standards for Business
                                   Enterprises; and No.22 – Recognition and Measurement of
                                   Financial Instruments issued by the Ministry of Finance of the
                                   PRC
      Option pricing model       Black-Scholes model
      Parameters                 Closing price on the grant date S: RMB11.53/share;
                                 Exercise price of options K: RMB11.99/share;
                                 Risk-free interest rate r: 2.5379%;
                                 Validity of options t: 3.7 years;
                                 Stock volatility σ: 28.2%;
                                 Dividend rate i: 0%
      Calculation result         Fair value of share option: RMB2.72/share


The Company granted a total of 233,455,400 A share options and 0 share award in
respect of all share schemes (including the 2020 Incentive Scheme and the 2022
Incentive Scheme referred to above) during the reporting period, and the number
of shares that may be issued in respect of all options granted (assuming that all the
options are exercisable) could be 233,455,400 A shares, representing 3.16% of the issued
A shares during the reporting period, with the weighted average number of issued A
shares during the reporting period being 7,387,545,405.


                                                                                                            151
  SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



  XI. MATERIAL CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
      1.   Certain categories of related party transactions as disclosed in note 41 to the consolidated
           financial statements, including (i) sales of goods (sales of automotive parts and steels, sales
           of passenger vehicles and sales of production facility), (ii) rendering of labour and insurance
           services, (iii) purchases of goods (purchases of automotive parts and materials and purchases
           of passenger vehicles), (iv) rental received from related parties and (v) rental paid to related
           parties, include transactions which also constituted connected transactions under the Listing
           Rules. The Company confirms that it has complied with the disclosure requirements in
           accordance with Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.



      2.   TRANSACTIONS UNDER THE LISTING RULES
           (A)   Transactions in relation to principal joint ventures
                 At the time of listing of the Company, the Stock Exchange granted a conditional waiver
                 from strict compliance with the requirements of Chapters 14 and 14A of the Listing
                 Rules in respect of immaterial joint ventures. The Company is required to review
                 whether the immaterial joint ventures met the conditions in the waiver on a yearly
                 basis. For the 2023 financial year, the principal joint ventures of the Company were GAC
                 Toyota, GAC Honda and GAC-SOFINCO.


           (B)   Connected transactions
                 For the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group and its associates (as defined in the
                 Listing Rules) had entered into the following connected transactions:


                 Chenqi Technology Limited (the “Target Company”) proposed the capital injection by
                 way of the issue of warrants to GAIG and other Series B investors (collectively referred
                 to as the “Series B Subscribers”). On 30 July 2023, among the subscription agreements
                 entered into with each of the Series B Subscribers, the Target Company entered into
                 a subscription agreement with GAIG, pursuant to which GAIG agreed to subscribe in
                 cash for warrants, upon exercise of which 9,684,625 Series B preferred shares would be
                 issued to GAIG, at a total exercise price of approximately RMB294.8 million (equivalent
                 to approximately HK$324 million).


                 The total exercise price of the warrants and the price of each Series B preferred share
                 were determined after arm’s length negotiation between the Target Company and
                 the Series B Subscribers with reference to other market comparables as well as the
                 valuation of the Target Company as per the appraisal by an independent valuer as at 31
                 July 2022 using market approach.




152
                                                           Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                            Annual Report 2023




                                                   SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



As at 31 July 2023, the Group indirectly held approximately 23.60% of the equity
interest in the Target Company. Upon completion of the capital injection, GAIG’s
direct equity interest in the Target Company would increase from approximately
11.64% to approximately 15.31%, and the Company’s indirect equity interest in the
Target Company would be diluted from approximately 23.60% to approximately 19.89%
accordingly.


The Target Company at that time would be able to benefit from the additional capital
obtained from the investment and the knowledge and experience of the Series B
Subscribers. As the Series B Subscribers were institutional investors and professional
strategic investors in relevant industries, they were able to provide the Target Company
with knowledge and experience which would be beneficial for its future development.
While the Company did not participate in the capital injection, the Directors (including
the independent non-executive Directors) believed that the capital injection would
be beneficial to the Company (being one of the shareholders of the Target Company
with significant shareholding) and was fair and reasonable and in the interests of the
Company and its shareholders as a whole.


According to the Listing Rules, GAIG was the controlling shareholder of the Company
and therefore a connected person of the Company. The Target Company was an
associate of GAIG and hence was also a connected person of the Company. Pursuant
to Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules, the Company’s non-participation in the Capital
Injection and GAIG’s participation in the Capital Injection, which would result in the
deemed disposal of the Company’s equity interest in the Target Company, constituted
a connected transaction of the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. As one
or more of the applicable percentage ratios (as defined in the Listing Rules) were more
than 0.1% but all of them were less than 5%, according to Rule 14A.76(2)(a) of the Listing
Rules, such transaction was subject to the reporting and announcement requirements,
but exempt from the circular and independent shareholders’ approval requirements
under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. For details of the deemed disposal, please refer
to the announcement of the Company published on 31 July 2023.




                                                                                              153
  SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



       (C)   Continuing connected transactions
             For the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group and its associates (as defined in the
             Listing Rules) had entered into the following continuing connected transactions:


             1.   Provision of transport and logistics services in respect of vehicle products and
                  vehicle parts and components


                  For the year ended 31 December 2023, each of the JV Partner Group provided
                  transport and logistics services (the “JV Partner Logistics Services”) in respect
                  of vehicle products and vehicle parts and components to the Company,
                  its subsidiaries and the principal joint ventures (including GAC Toyota and
                  GAC Honda) according to the following pricing terms on a regular basis. The
                  Company’s principal joint ventures purchase raw materials and components
                  from the relevant joint venture partners, as well as selling some products to the
                  relevant joint venture partners. The relevant joint venture partners will provide
                  transportation and logistics services to complete the entire process. Such service
                  will continue during the term of the joint ventures.


                  On 8 April 2022:


                  (i)   GAC Toyota Logistics Co., Ltd. (廣汽豐田物流有限公司) (“GAC Toyota Logistics”)
                        (as the service provider) of the JV Partner Group entered into an agreement
                        in writing (the “Framework Agreement(s) of JV Partner”) with Guangzhou
                        GAC Commercial Logistics Co., Ltd. (廣州廣汽商貿物流有限公司), Hunan Shun
                        Jie Logistics Co., Ltd. (湖 南 順 捷 物 流 有 限 公 司) and Guangzhou Automobile
                        Hunan NYK Logistics Co., Ltd. (湖南廣汽商貿日郵物流有限公司) of the Group, so
                        as to continue with the JV Partner Logistics Services, with validity period
                        from 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2024. Upon the expiration of the
                        validity period, renewal is subject to the mutual agreement of the parties
                        of the agreement.




154
                                                       Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                        Annual Report 2023




                                               SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



(ii)    GAC Toyota Logistics (as the service provider) of the JV Partner Group
        entered into an agreement in writing (the “New Agreement(s) of JV
        Partner”) with Guangzhou GAC Commercial Changrun Automobile Sales
        Co., Ltd. (廣州廣汽商貿長潤汽車銷售有限公司), Guangzhou GAC Commercial
        Changning Automobile Sales Co., Ltd. (廣州廣汽商貿長寧汽車銷售有限公司),
        Guangzhou Guangyou Logistics Development Co., Ltd. (廣州廣祐物流發展有
        限公司), and Guangzhou Business Railway Logistics Co., Ltd. (廣州商鐵物流
        有限責任公司) of the Group, so as to proceed with the JV Partner Logistics
        Services, with validity period from 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2024.
        Upon the expiration of the validity period, renewal is subject to the mutual
        agreement of the parties of the agreement.


(iii)   Tong Fang Logistics (as the service provider) of the JV Partner Group
        entered into the Framework Agreement of JV Partner with GAC Toyota
        and GAC Toyota Automobile Sales Co., Ltd. (廣汽豐田汽車銷售有限公司) of the
        Group, so as to continue with the JV Partner Logistics Services, with validity
        period from 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2024. Upon the expiration of
        the validity period, renewal is subject to the mutual agreement of the
        parties of the agreement. On 8 February 2024, the Company agreed that
        Tong Fang Logistics would be dissolved and liquidated in accordance with
        the law. Since 1 April 2023, GAC Toyota Logistics Co., Ltd. (廣汽豐田物流有限
        公司) of the JV Partner Group has superseded Tong Fang Logistics as the
        service provider under the Framework Agreements of JV Partner, and the
        annual cap and principal terms of agreements of each transaction remain
        unchanged.




                                                                                          155
  SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



             (iv)   GAC Honda Logistics Co., Ltd. (廣汽本田物流有限公司) (as the service provider)
                    of the JV Partner Group entered into the Framework Agreement of JV
                    Partner with Guangzhou GAC Commercial Renewable Resources Co., Ltd. (廣
                    州廣汽商貿再生資源有限公司) and GAC Honda of the Group, so as to continue
                    with the JV Partner Logistics Services, with validity period from 1 January
                    2022 to 31 December 2024. Upon the expiration of the validity period, renewal
                    is subject to the mutual agreement of the parties of the agreement.


             (v)    GAC Honda Logistics Co., Ltd. (廣汽本田物流有限公司) (as the service provider)
                    of the JV Partner Group entered into the New Agreement of JV Partner
                    with GAC Honda Automobile Sales Co., Ltd. (廣汽本田汽車銷售有限公司) of the
                    Group, so as to proceed with the JV Partner Logistics Services, with validity
                    period from 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2024. Upon the expiration of
                    the validity period, renewal is subject to the mutual agreement of the
                    parties of the agreement.


             Pursuant to the Framework Agreements of JV Partner and the New Agreements
             of JV Partner, all service providers and all service recipients have agreed that,
             they shall enter into individual agreement(s) in relation to the provision of
             the JV Partner Logistics Services within the validity period of the Framework
             Agreements of JV Partner and the New Agreements of JV Partner based on the
             terms, conditions and principles of the Framework Agreements of JV Partner and
             the New Agreements of JV Partner.




156
                                                     Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                      Annual Report 2023




                                              SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



The remunerations or service fees charged by all service providers to all service
recipients for the JV Partner Logistics Services are determined according to
the prices in the contract determined with reference to (i) the prevailing prices
of the same or same type of services in the market provided by independent
third parties; and (ii) the volume of the logistics services provided to all service
recipients. The parties shall compare the prices for the provision of the same
or same type of services by independent third parties in respect of the logistics
services from time to time to ensure that the payment received by all service
providers for the logistics services shall be the prevailing market price for
the logistics services. To ensure that products or services are obtained at the
most favorable price, the Group will consider the market price for at least
two equivalent services to ensure that the price will remain a reasonable and
competitive one prior to selecting the service providers for the logistics services,
and to ensure that the amount of payment by the Group to the JV Partner Group
will not exceed the amount paid to independent third parties. In addition, the
Group will determine the relevant price by taking into account the profit margin
that can be achieved by the Group to ensure that the price will be set at a level
that the Group will be able to generate a profit margin that is within the industry
standard or even better.


In view of the above, the Framework Agreements of JV Partner and the New
Agreements of JV Partner between the Group and joint venture partners were
entered into on normal commercial terms that are fair and reasonable and are
no less favourable to the Group than those provided by independent third parties
to the Group in respect of the logistics services.


For the year ended 31 December 2023, the total amount of the consideration
paid by the Group for the JV Partner Logistics Services was RMB1,989,605,086.




                                                                                        157
  SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



             In relation to the transactions, the directors consider that the annual transaction
             amount of each transaction under the JV Partner Logistics Services should
             not be disclosed. The provision of transportation and logistics services is an
             important part of entering into cooperation arrangements with joint venture
             parties and their associates. They are a key part of the supply chain management
             and sales business of automobile production. Disclosing the annual transaction
             amount for each transaction under the JV Partner Logistics Services will disclose
             commercially sensitive information relating to the operation of the relevant joint
             ventures, which is not in the interest of the Group or the related joint ventures.


             The Company has applied to the Stock Exchange for and was granted a waiver
             from compliance with the annual cap requirement relating to the above
             transactions for the duration of the terms of the respective transactions. The
             Company has also reached an agreement with the Stock Exchange that only
             disclosure of the annual aggregate dollar value of the transactions made each
             year would be made. However, the exemption expired before the Framework
             Agreements of JV Partner and the New Agreements of JV Partner were entered
             into.


             During the reporting period, the Company has applied for, and was granted by
             the Stock Exchange a revised waiver from strict compliance with the annual
             reporting and annual caps requirements under the Listing Rules in respect
             of such transactions to the extent that the Company is still required to set
             aggregate caps for the Framework Agreements of JV Partner and the New
             Agreements of JV Partner and disclose the total annual consideration of such
             transactions in the annual report.


             For details, the annual cap and the basis for determination of the Framework
             Agreements of JV Partner and the New Agreements of JV Partner, please refer to
             the Company’s announcement dated 8 April 2022.




158
                                                            Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                             Annual Report 2023




                                                   SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



2.   Sale of vehicle products, parts and components, production equipment and
     vehicles related products (including its after-sales services)


     (a)   For the year ended 31 December 2023, members of the Group sold raw
           materials, parts and components and vehicles to the JV Partner Group
           according to the following pricing terms on a regular basis. Such service
           will continue during the term of the joint ventures.


           The Group will take into account market prices of the relevant products
           and services offered by independent third parties in determining the price
           of the services to make sure that the price offered to the JV Partner Group
           are fair and reasonable and on normal commercial terms.


           The Company has reached an agreement with the Stock Exchange that
           the transactions above are exempted from written agreement and annual
           cap requirements as set out in the Listing Rules, and are only required
           to disclose the nature of relevant transactions made each year. This is
           because the disclosure of separate transactions between the contracting
           parties would constitute disclosure of commercially sensitive information
           relating to the operations of the relevant joint ventures and would not be
           in the interest of the Company or the relevant joint ventures.


     (b)   For the year ended 31 December 2023, members of the JV Partner Group
           provided the sale of raw materials, parts and components and production
           equipment to the principal joint ventures according to the following
           pricing terms on a regular basis. Such service will continue during the term
           of the joint ventures.




                                                                                               159
  SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



                In relation to this type of transactions, where there are other local
                suppliers, members of the Group will obtain quotes for equivalent
                products or services that may be available from other local PRC suppliers
                in order to determine whether viable alternatives of comparable quality
                can be obtained in a timely manner and at the most competitive price. If
                alternatives are available, the Group would go through a tender process
                before selecting the supplier for such alternatives. In such a tender process,
                JV Partner Group is treated no differently from any other third-party
                supplier. Consequently, the purchase of auto parts by Group from the JV
                Partner Group would not be made if the Group could obtain better terms
                from any other suppliers. Over time, fewer vehicle products, parts and
                components will be sourced from the JV Partner Group as cheaper viable
                alternatives are found in the PRC. Such process of “localisation” is widely
                regarded as key means of cost reduction in the PRC automotive industry
                and is also the priority of the principal joint ventures.


                As a business reality, given the additional transportation and tax costs
                of purchasing vehicle products, parts and components and production
                equipment from a foreign supplier, it is neither in the Company’s nor the
                joint venture partners’ interest to purchase the vehicle products, parts and
                components and production equipment from the foreign joint venture
                partners if viable alternatives are available from local suppliers on more
                favourable terms.




160
                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                 Annual Report 2023




                                       SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



In determining the price for the products and/or service, the Company will
also consider the market price for equivalent products or services in order
to make sure that the price will remain a reasonable and competitive one.
However, unlike normal consumer products, some of the vehicle products,
parts and components provided by the JV Partner Group are specific to
the car models produced by the principal joint ventures and there is no
alternative but to source the vehicle products, parts and components
from the JV Partner Group for the duration of the relevant principal joint
ventures and market prices for these vehicle parts are not readily available.
The Company’s representatives will rely heavily on their knowledge of
the industry standards and their prior experience gained from similar
negotiations in determining the price. In order to ensure that the price is
fair and reasonable, the Group will also obtain quotes for similar products
or services, though not specific to the car models produced by the principal
joint ventures, as reference.


The Group will also determine the price by taking into account the profit
margin that could be achieved by the Group to ensure that the price will
be set at a level that the Group will still be able to generate a profit margin
that is within the industry standard or even better taking into account the
international and PRC benchmark raw materials costs.


The Company has reached an agreement with the Stock Exchange that
the transactions above are exempt from written agreement and annual
cap requirements as set out in the Listing Rules, and is only required to
disclose the nature of relevant transactions made each year. This is because
the disclosure of separate transactions between contracting parties would
constitute disclosure of commercially sensitive information relating to the
operations of the relevant joint ventures and would not be in the interest
of the Company or the relevant joint ventures.




                                                                                       161
  SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



          3.   Provision of technical support, research and development support and
               information enquiry (including production preparation support, local support,
               advisory services, and provisions of software)


               For the year ended 31 December 2023, the JV Partner Group provided technical
               support, research and development support and information enquiry (including
               production preparation support, local support, advisory services, and provisions
               of software) to the Group according to the following pricing terms on a regular
               basis. The Company’s joint venture partners are the proprietors of the technology
               involved in the production of vehicle models manufactured by the principal joint
               ventures and they are primarily responsible for the research and development of
               all new models. The provision of technical support by the joint venture partners
               is to ensure that the latest technology is applied in the manufacturing process of
               the principal joint ventures and to ensure that the products remain competitive
               in the market. Such service will continue during the term of the joint ventures.


               Generally, the pricing for technology license and technical assistance between
               the principal joint ventures and the joint venture partners and their associates
               is that the party providing the technology should be fairly reimbursed for its
               research and development costs incurred in respect of a particular vehicle model
               and such research and development costs should be spread evenly over the
               entire operations of the party providing the technology and the PRC automotive
               joint venture should only bear its fair share of such costs.




162
                                                     Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                      Annual Report 2023




                                            SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



In accordance with normal industry practice, the terms (including the price) of
the technology licenses and transactions relating to technical support are fixed
with reference to the expected life cycle of vehicle models, which are generally
between 5 and 10 years, and also with reference to the industry benchmark for
similar technological assistance. The Company’s representatives will also rely
heavily on their knowledge of the industry standards and their prior experience
gained from similar negotiations in order to determine the price and to make
sure that the price remains a reasonable and competitive one. Also the Group
(including the principal joint ventures) will also determine the price by taking
into account the profit margin that could be achieved by the Group and to
ensure that the price will be set at a level that the Group will still be able to
generate a profit margin that is within the industry standard or even better.


The Company has reached an agreement with the Stock Exchange that the
transactions above are exempt from written agreement and annual cap
requirements as set out in the Listing Rules, and are only required to disclose the
nature of relevant transactions made each year. This is because the disclosure
of separate transaction value between contracting parties would constitute
disclosure of commercially sensitive information relating to the operations of the
relevant joint ventures and would not be in the interest of the Company or the
relevant joint ventures.




                                                                                        163
  SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



          4.   Provision of the right to use intellectual property (in relation to production and
               sales of vehicles)


               For the year ended 31 December 2023, the joint venture partners of the principal
               joint ventures provided the use of intellectual property rights (in relation to
               production and sales of vehicles) to the principal joint ventures according to the
               following pricing terms on a regular basis. The right to use intellectual property
               is key to the long-term profitability and competitiveness of the principal joint
               ventures and their products. The Group entered into several technology license
               agreements and trademark license agreements with the Company’s joint
               venture partners during the track record period in the past. Such agreements
               will continue during the term of the joint ventures.


               The joint venture partners and its associates are primarily responsible for the
               research and development of the new vehicle models and it is therefore essential
               for the principal joint ventures to enter into technology license with its joint
               venture partners. The relevant intellectual property rights that are specific to
               the car models produced by the relevant principal joint ventures and are thus
               fundamental to the production of the Group. Without them, the businesses
               of the principal joint ventures could not have been established and cannot
               operate. The Group therefore has no alternative but to source the intellectual
               property rights from the joint venture partners for the duration of the principal
               joint ventures. It is therefore standard practice in the PRC automotive industry
               for Sino-foreign automotive manufacturing joint ventures to provide royalties
               to the proprietor of the relevant technology licence, technological know-how or
               intellectual property right, which is very often, the joint venture partners.




164
                                                      Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                       Annual Report 2023




                                              SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



The purpose of sino-foreign automotive manufacturing joint ventures is that the
PRC manufacturer will be able to benefit from the technological expertise and
product portfolio of its foreign joint venture partner, whilst the foreign partner
is able to participate in the domestic PRC market. The joint venture relationship
is therefore founded on the foreign joint venture partner contributing its
technological expertise to the joint ventures and the PRC partner contributing its
manufacturing capabilities and facilities, labour and local market and regulatory
knowledge.


A key reason for the PRC Government’s encouragement of sino-foreign
automotive manufacturing joint ventures is to rapidly enhance technological and
product standards in the PRC automotive industry.


Generally, the pricing principle for technology license and technical assistance
between the principal joint ventures and the joint venture partners and their
associates is that the party providing the technology should be fairly reimbursed
for its research and development costs incurred in respect of a particular vehicle
model and such research and development costs should be spread evenly
over the entire operations of the party providing the technology and the PRC
automotive joint venture should only bear its fair share of such costs.


In accordance with normal industry practice, the terms (including the price) of
the technology licences and transactions relating to technical support are fixed
with reference to the expected life cycle of vehicle models, which are generally
between 5 and 10 years, and also with reference to the industry benchmark for
similar technological assistance. The Company’s representatives will also rely
heavily on their knowledge of the industry standards and their prior experience
gained from similar negotiations in order to determine the price and to make
sure that the price remains a reasonable and competitive one. Also the Group
(including the principal joint ventures) will also determine the price taking into
account of the profit margin that could be achieved by the Group and to ensure
that the price will be set at a level that the Group will still be able to generate a
profit margin that is within the industry standard or even better.




                                                                                         165
  SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



                   The Company also believes that the primary purpose of international
                   automotive manufacturers in establishing joint ventures with the Company is
                   the establishment of a strong presence in the PRC automotive industry, the
                   gaining of market share for their brand of vehicles and long term investment
                   returns from the principal joint ventures, rather than any short term gains from
                   intellectual property rights on terms which may be prejudicial to the principal
                   joint ventures’ long term profitability and competitiveness. Such short-term gains
                   would be eclipsed by the potential losses to the joint venture partners if the
                   principal joint ventures were to prove unsuccessful.


                   The Company has reached an agreement with the Stock Exchange that the
                   transactions above are exempt from written agreement and annual cap
                   requirements set out in the Listing Rules, and are only required to disclose the
                   nature of relevant transactions made each year. This is because the disclosure of
                   separate transactions between contracting parties would constitute disclosure of
                   commercially sensitive information relating to the operations of the relevant joint
                   ventures and would not be in the interest of the Company or the relevant joint
                   ventures.


       (D)   Control Mechanism
             In relation to the connected transactions between the Company and its subsidiaries
             on one hand and the joint venture partners and their associates on the other hand as
             described above, negotiations will be conducted by the Company and/or the relevant
             subsidiary directly on an arm’s length basis and the Company is able to control the
             negotiations between the subsidiaries and the joint venture partners and/or their
             associates. The joint venture partners and/or their associates will not be in a position to
             influence the Company and/or its subsidiaries to agree to terms which may not be in
             its and the Company’s interest.




166
                                                          Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                           Annual Report 2023




                                                    SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



In relation to the connected transactions between the principal joint ventures on
the one hand and the joint venture partners and their associates on the other hand
as described in paragraphs (C) 2 to 4 above, it is provided under the respective joint
venture agreements, articles of association and memoranda of the principal joint
ventures that negotiations between the principal joint ventures and the joint venture
partner and its associates should always be conducted directly by the relevant principal
joint ventures’ senior management nominated by the Company on behalf of the
Company or by representative of the Company as a joint venture partner and will thus
be conducted on an arm’s length basis. No joint venture partners or their associates is
in a position to influence the principal joint ventures to agree to terms which may not
be in the principal joint ventures’ and therefore the Company’s interest. The Company
also confirms that negotiations of transactions between the principal joint ventures
and the relevant joint venture partners were all conducted by the relevant principal
joint ventures’ senior management nominated by the Company.


Also, the principal joint ventures have implemented internal control and reporting
mechanisms which enable business developments and transactions that may be
subject to applicable continuing obligations under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules to
be reported to their respective boards and/or designated persons enabling both the
Company and its relevant joint venture partners, through representatives on the board
of the relevant principal joint ventures and/or designated persons to decide whether to
consent to and approve the relevant transactions.


Further, there are also established procedures under the respective joint venture
agreements, articles of association and memorandum of the principal joint ventures
that the entering into of any contract of material importance/material transaction with
a joint venture partner and its associates shall either be approved by a majority of the
directors present at the board meeting or be mutually agreed/signed off by the general
manager and the deputy general manager of the relevant principal joint ventures (as
the case may be). It is provided under the respective joint venture agreements, articles
of association and memoranda of the principal joint ventures that the Group and the
joint venture partner will be entitled to nominate the general manager and deputy
general manager respectively in turn and when the general manager is nominated by
the Group, the deputy general manager will be nominated by the joint venture partner
and vice versa.




                                                                                             167
  SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



       (E)   Confirmation by the Independent Non-executive Directors


             The independent non-executive directors of the Company confirm that for the year
             ended 31 December 2023, the above continuing connected transactions entered into
             by the Company as one of the parties are:


             (1)   in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Company;


             (2)   on normal commercial terms or, if there are not sufficient comparable
                   transactions to judge whether they are on normal commercial terms, or on
                   terms no less favourable to the Company than terms available to or from (as
                   appropriate) independent third parties; and


             (3)   in accordance with the relevant agreement governing them on terms that are
                   fair and reasonable and in the interests of the shareholders as a whole.


       (F)   Auditor’s Letter


             The Company’s auditor was engaged to report on the Group’s continuing connected
             transactions in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements
             3000 (Revised) “Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical
             Financial Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740 “Auditor’s Letter on
             Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by
             the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The auditor has issued his
             unqualified letter containing his findings and conclusions in respect of the aforesaid
             continuing connected transactions in accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules.
             Auditor of the Company confirmed in such letter that for the year ended 31 December
             2023, in respect of the above continuing connected transaction to which the Company
             is one of the parties:


             (1)   nothing has come to their attention that those transactions have not been
                   approved by the Board;




168
                                                                         Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                          Annual Report 2023




                                                                SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



              (2)   nothing has come to their attention that those transactions did not follow the
                    pricing policy of the Company in all material respects if the transactions involved
                    provision of goods or services by the Company;


              (3)   nothing has come to their attention that those transactions were not carried out
                    in accordance with the agreements of such transactions in all material aspects;
                    and


              (4)   the annual caps (in respect of the Framework Agreement of JV Partner and the
                    New Agreement of JV Partner) have not been exceeded.



XII. MATERAL CONTRACTS AND THEIR PERFORMANCE

   (I)   TRUSTS, CONTRACTS AND LEASE ARRANGEMENTS
         1.   Trusts
              □Applicable   ✓N/A


         2.   Contracts
              □Applicable   ✓N/A


         3.   Lease arrangements
              □Applicable   ✓N/A




                                                                                                            169
  SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



      (II) GUARANTEE
                                                                      Unit: 0’000 Yuan   Currency: RMB


             External Guarantee of the Company (excluding those provided to subsidiaries)
         Total guarantee incurred during the reporting period
          (excluding those provided to subsidiaries)                                                0
         Total balance of guarantee as at the end of the
          reporting period (A) (excluding those provided to
          subsidiaries)                                                                             0


                Guarantee provided to subsidiaries by the Company and its subsidiaries
         Total guarantee provided to subsidiaries of the
          Company during the reporting period                                                   2,800
         Total balance of guarantee provided to subsidiaries of
          the Company as at the end of the reporting period (B)                                27,500


               Total guarantee of the Company (including those provided to subsidiaries)
         Total guarantee (A+B)                                                                 27,500
         Proportion of total guarantee in the net
          assets of the Company (%)                                                              0.24
         Including:
         Amount of guarantees provided to
          shareholders, beneficial controllers and
          their related parties (C)                                                                 0
         Amount of debt guarantees directly or
          indirectly provided for guaranteed parties
          with the gearing ratio exceeding 70% (D)                                                  0
         Amount of the total guarantees exceeding
          50% of net assets (E)                                                                     0
         Total amount of above three guarantees
          (C+D+E)                                                                                   0
         Description on unexpired guarantees that
          may be subject to joint liability                                                       N/A
         Description of guarantee                            Guarantee provided to subsidiaries during
                                                           the reporting period mainly represented the
                                                             guarantee for customs duty issued to GAC
                                                           Motor and its subsidiary Guangzhou Qisheng
                                                       Powertrain Co., Ltd. (廣州祺盛動力總成有限公司) by
                                                                               GAC Finance Company




170
                                                                                            Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023




                                                                                  SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



   (III) ENTRUSTED CASH ASSETS MANAGEMENT
        1.    Entrusted wealth management
              □Applicable              ✓N/A


        2.    Entrusted loans
              As at 31 December 2023, details of the undue entrusted loans are shown in the table
              below.


                                                                                      Unit: 0’000 Yuan            Currency: RMB


                                                                     Commencement Termination
                                                      Amount of      date of         date of           Annualised rate
              Name of the borrower                 entrusted loan    entrusted loans entrusted loans         of return   Actual recovery
              Changsha Magna Automobile Exterior
                Decoration Co., Ltd.
                (長沙麥格納汽車外飾有限公司)                           3,185.00   2022/10/14      2023/10/14                  3.65%   Repaid
              Changsha Magna Automobile Exterior
                Decoration Co., Ltd.
                (長沙麥格納汽車外飾有限公司)                           3,185.00   2023/10/14      2024/10/14                  3.45%   Undue




   (IV) OTHER MATERIAL CONTRACTS
        □Applicable        ✓N/A



XIII. UTILISATION OF PROCEEDS FROM NON-PUBLIC ISSUANCE OF
      A SHARES
   The non-public issuance of A shares of the Company was completed in November 2017 (details of
   which are set out in the announcement of the Company dated 17 November 2017).




                                                                                                                                           171
  SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



      The shares issued under the non-public issuance of A shares are RMB denominated ordinary shares (A
      shares) with a nominal value of RMB1.00 per share listed on the SSE. The number of shares issued
      was 753,390,254 shares with an issue price of RMB19.91/A share. The net price to the Company of
      each security was RMB19.80. The five target subscribers for the non-public issuance of A shares
      are Guangzhou Huiyin Tianyue Equity Investment Fund Management Co., Ltd, Guangzhou State-
      owned Assets Development Holdings Co., Ltd., GFHAM Wealth Management Select No.3 Private
      Investment Fund, Guangzhou Light Industry and Trade Group Co., Ltd. and Suiyong Holdings
      Co., Ltd. The closing price of A shares under the non-public issuance of A shares on 17 October
      2017, being the date on which the Company received the relevant approval from the CSRC, was
      RMB19.03.


      The actual amount of gross proceeds raised was RMB14,999,999,957.14 and the actual amount
      of net proceeds raised, after deducting the issuance expenses of RMB83,050,000.00 was
      RMB14,916,949,957.14.


      Proceeds from non-public issuance of A shares facilitated the comprehensive and sustainable
      development of the Company’s business. The implementation of the investment projects using the
      proceeds from the non-public issuance, on the one hand, further strengthened the research and
      development capability of the Company’s self-developed brands, promoted the establishment of
      its range of self-developed brands and enriched the product mix under such brands, while on the
      other hand, enabled the Company to keep abreast of future trend in new energy development of
      the vehicle industry, laying a solid foundation for the Company to seize a share in the new energy
      vehicle market. In addition, the proceeds from the non-public issuance optimised the Company’s
      capital structure and lowered the gearing ratio, which reduced the Company’s financial risk and
      cost of debt financing.




172
                                                                                           Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2023




                                                                                  SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



Details of utilisation of the proceeds raised as at 31 December 2023 are set out below:



As at 31 December 2023
As at 31 December 2023, the amount of proceeds brought forward was RMB781,221,689.27 whereas
the total cumulative amount of utilised proceeds was RMB12,966,913,248 (inclusive of issuance
expenses). There was no inconsistency between the utilisation of the proceeds and the original
intended use.


Details of utilisation of the proceeds raised are set out below:


                                                                                      Unit: 0’000 Yuan              Currency: RMB

                                                                         Total
                                                                   amount of
                                                                  investment
                                                                 commitment
                                                                     from the         Amount      Cumulative
                                                                    proceeds      invested for       amount           Estimated time
No. Investment project                                                  raised       this year      invested          of completion


1     New energy vehicles and R&D of prospective technology        480,000.00             0.00      479,422.30        Completed
         project
2     GAEI phase 1 base expansion project                            60,000.00         2,886.51       50,743.99       Completed
3     GAEI phase 2 base construction project                        100,000.00            0.00         76,518.68      Completed
4     GAC proprietary brand project of Xinjiang                      80,000.00            0.00         22,782.95      Completed
5     GAC improvement project of Hangzhou                           220,000.00            0.00       152,350.38       Completed
6     GAC proprietary brands technological reformation project      250,000.00            0.00        212,165.22      Completed
7     GAC proprietary brands vehicle models projects                 215,000.00           0.00       201,784.36       Completed
7.1   GAMC A16 project                                               20,000.00            0.00         18,780.34      Completed
7.2   GAMC A35 project                                                35,000.00           0.00         32,329.64      Completed
7.3   GAMC A5H project                                               30,000.00            0.00        30,547.98       Completed
7.4   GAMC A10 project                                               40,000.00            0.00          36,841.51     Completed
7.5   GAMC A30 project                                                15,000.00           0.00        15,000.00       Completed
7.6   GAMC A32 project                                                10,000.00           0.00        10,000.00       Completed
7.7   GAMC A06 project                                                35,000.00           0.00         35,140.89      Completed
7.8   GAMC A7M project                                               30,000.00            0.00         23,144.00      Completed
8     GAMC engine project                                            50,000.00            0.00         48,581.73      Completed
9     GAMC gearbox project                                           30,000.00            0.00        29,036.72       Completed
10    P6 gearbox development project                                  15,000.00           0.00        15,000.00       Completed
      Issuance expenses                                                       –           0.00          8,305.00      –
      Total                                                      1,500,000.00         2,886.51    1,296,691.33



                                                                                                                                       173
  SIGNIFICANT EVENTS



      As at 24 May 2023, after being considered and approved by shareholders at the 2022 annual
      general meeting by special resolution, the remaining proceeds (and net interest income) from
      the completion of certain fundraising projects (including GAEI phase 2 base construction project
      and GAC proprietary brands technological reformation project) amounting to approximately
      RMB906.1389 million in total was utilised for permanent replenishment to working capital.


      As at 28 March 2024, as approved by the 60th meeting of the sixth session of the Board and
      the 19th meeting of the sixth session of Supervisory Committee of the Company, the Company
      proposed to change the unused remaining proceeds (including interest and cash management
      revenue) of a total of approximately RMB621.5779 million of the original fund-raising project
      “GAC proprietary brand project of Xinjiang” to the new fund-raising project “GAC proprietary
      brands vehicle models projects”. The total investment of the new fund-raising project amounted
      to approximately RMB1,355.83 million (of which the total investment of the A66 project was
      approximately RMB671.92 million, and that of the T68 project was approximately RMB683.91
      million). The proceeds intended for utilisation was approximately RMB621.5779 million (data as of
      31 December 2023, exact amount shall be subject to the balance in the special project account
      upon actual carrying forward), and the remaining funds were financed by the self-owned funds
      or self-raised funds. The partial change in fund-raising investment projects will be considered by
      shareholders at the 2023 annual general meeting of the Company.


      For further information on the utilisation of proceeds raised from the non-public issuance, please
      refer to the “2023 Annual Specific Report on the Deposit and Utilisation of the Proceeds by
      Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.” published by the Company on 28 March 2024 by way of
      overseas regulatory announcement.




174
                                                                                                                                           Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2023



 Chapter 9

 Changes in Shares and
 Information on Shareholders
I.   CHANGES IN SHARE CAPITAL

     (I)   STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN SHARES
                                                                                                                                                                              Unit: share


                                                                Before change                            Increase/decrease in the change（+，-）                               After change
                                                                                                                      Conversion
                                                                                                                            from
                                                                         Percentage        Issue of                   contributed                                                    Percentage
                                                            Number               (%)    new shares    Bonus issue capital surplus         Others      Subtotal          Number              (%)

           I. Restricted Shares                           63,700,283             0.61                                                  -34,321,777   -34,321,777      29,378,506            0.28
               1. State-owned Shares
               2. Shares held by state-owned
                      legal person
               3. Shares held by other domestic
                      entities                            63,700,283             0.61                                                  -34,321,777   -34,321,777      29,378,506            0.28
                   Including: Shares held by
                                   domestic non-
                                   state-owned legal
                                   persons
                                 Shares held by
                                   domestic natural
                                   persons                63,700,283             0.61                                                  -34,321,777   -34,321,777      29,378,506            0.28
               4. Shares held by foreign entities
                   Including: Shares held by
                                   overseas legal
                                   persons
                                 Shares held by
                                   overseas natural
                                   persons
           II. Non-restricted tradable shares          10,423,463,408            99.4                                                  37,392,500    37,392,500    10,460,855,908          99.72
               1. RMB-denominated ordinary
                       shares                           7,324,843,103           69.85                                                  37,392,500    37,392,500     7,362,235,603          70.18
               2. Domestically-listed foreign
                      shares
               3. Overseas listed foreign shares 3,098,620,305                  29.55                                                                               3,098,620,305          29.54
               4. Others
           III. Total shares                            10,487,163,691           100                                                    3,070,723                  10,490,234,414           100




                                                                                                                                                                                                   175
  Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders



         Explanation on changes in shares
         From 11 December 2022 to 10 December 2023, 2020 A share option and restricted share
         incentive scheme entered the first exercise period and unlocking period, and entered the
         second exercise period and unlocking period on 11 December 2023. During the reporting
         period, an aggregate of additional 10,398,115 A shares were issued upon exercise of share
         options, and 26,994,385 restricted A shares were unlocked, available for trading in the market.
         In addition, in accordance with relevant requirements of 2020 A share option and restricted
         share incentive scheme, the Company repurchased and cancelled 7,327,392 restricted A
         shares on 13 March 2023 that failed to meet the unlocking conditions due to reasons such as
         the resignation and retirement of some participants during the reporting period.


         Effect of changes in shares on financial indicators such as earnings per share and net
         assets per share for the most recent year and most recent period (if any)
         □ Applicable            3 N/A


         Other disclosure deemed necessary by the Company or required by securities
         regulatory authorities
         □ Applicable            3 N/A



      (II) CHANGES IN SHARES SUBJECT TO TRADING MORATORIUM
                                                                                                                                       Unit: share


                                                 Number of                         Increase in       Number of
                                              shares subject      Number of     the number of     shares subject
                                                  to trading shares released    shares subject        to trading
                                              moratorium at     from trading        to trading    moratorium at Reasons            Date of
                                              the beginning     moratorium        moratorium      the end of the for trading       lifting trading
         Name of shareholder                     of the year during the year during the year               year moratorium         moratorium

         2020 A share option and restricted       63,700,283       26,994,385        -7,327,392       29,378,506 Share incentive   11 December 2023
            share incentive scheme of the
            Company
         Total                                    63,700,283       26,994,385        -7,327,392       29,378,506 /                 /



         Note: Shares subject to trading moratorium of the Company were restricted shares granted to the

                  participants pursuant to the 2020 A share option and restricted share incentive scheme of the

                  Company. 26,994,385 shares were unlocked during the reporting period, while 7,327,392 restricted

                  shares were repurchased and cancelled due to reasons such as the resignation and retirement of

                  some participants.


176
                                                                            Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                             Annual Report 2023




               Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders



II.   ISSUE AND LISTING OF SECURITIES

      (I)   ISSUE OF SECURITIES DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
            □ Applicable   3 N/A



      (II) CHANGES IN TOTAL NUMBER OF SHARES AND SHAREHOLDERS
           STRUCTURE OF THE COMPANY AND CHANGES IN ASSETS AND
           LIABILITIES STRUCTURE OF THE COMPANY
            □ Applicable   3 N/A



III. I N F O R M A T I O N O N S H A R E H O L D E R S A N D U L T I M A T E
     CONTROLLER

      (I)   TOTAL NUMBER OF SHAREHOLDERS
            Total number of shareholders of ordinary shares as at the end
             of the reporting period                                                                  155,717
            Total number of shareholders of ordinary shares as at the end
             of the month prior to the disclosure of the annual report                               150,569




                                                                                                                177
  Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders



      (II) S H A R E H O L D I N G O F T O P T E N S H A R E H O L D E R S , T O P T E N
           SHAREHOLDERS OF CIRCULATING SHARES (OR HOLDERS OF
           SHARES NOT SUBJECT TO TRADING MORATORIUM) AS AT END OF
           THE REPORTING PERIOD
                                                                                                                                                                    Unit: Share


                                                Shareholding of top ten shareholders(excluding shares lent under the margin refinancing transfer)
                                                         Increase/                                          Number of
                                                         decrease         Number of                        shares held
                                                        during the     shares held at                          subject
                                                         reporting the end of the                            to trading      Pledged, tagged or frozen
          Name of shareholder(Full name)                    period             period Percentage (%)       moratorium             Status            Number Nature of shareholder

          GAIG Note 1                                             –      5,508,160,069           52.51               0               Nil                   0 State-owned shareholder
          HKSCC NOMINEES LIMITED Note 2                     -134,251    3,094,949,075           29.50                0         Unknown                     – Foreign legal person
          Guangzhou Huiyin Tianyue Equity
              Investment Fund Management Co., Ltd.
              (廣州匯垠天粵股權投資基金管理有限公司)                                –       396,030,558            3.78                0          Pledged             15,819,210 State-owned legal person
          Guangzhou Finance Holdings Assets
              Management Co, Ltd. – GFHAM Wealth
              Management Select No. 3 Private
              Investment Fund
              (廣州金控資產管理有限公司－廣金資產財富管
              理優選3號私募投資基金)                                        –       140,738,735             1.34               0               Nil                   0 Other
          Guangzhou Industrial Investment and
              Capital Operation Holding Group Ltd.
              (廣州產業投資控股集團有限公司)                           -4,030,900        139,942,653            1.33               0               Nil                   0 State-owned legal person
          Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company
              Limited                                    -18,506,017        56,336,910           0.54                0               Nil                   0 Foreign legal person
          Guangzhou Light Industry & Trade Group
              Co., Ltd.
              (廣州輕工工貿集團有限公司)                                      –         51,084,691           0.49                0               Nil                   0 State-owned legal person
          Shanghai Pu-Xing Energy Limited                                                                                                                      Domestic non-state-owned
              (普星聚能股份公司)                                -59,400,164        46,599,810            0.44                0               Nil                   0      legal person
          HONG Zejun                                              –       40,000,000             0.38                0               Nil                   0 Foreign natural person
          ICBC-China AMC SSE-SZSE 300 Index
              Securities Investment Fund
              (中國工商銀行股份有限公司－華泰柏瑞滬深
              300交易型開放式指數證券投資基金）                                  –        16,374,020             0.16               0               Nil                   0 Other




178
                                                                                                      Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                              Annual Report 2023




       Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders



                     Particulars of shareholdings of the top ten holders of tradable shares not subject to trading moratorium
                                                                             Number of tradable               Class and number of shares
                                                                           shares not subject to
Name of shareholder                                                         trading moratorium Class                                         Number

GAIG Note 1                                                                          5,508,160,069 A shares, H shares                   5,508,160,069
HKSCC NOMINEES LIMITED     Note 2
                                                                                    3,094,949,075 Overseas listed foreign shares        3,094,949,075
Guangzhou Huiyin Tianyue Equity Investment Fund Management Co., Ltd.                  396,030,558 RMB ordinary shares                     396,030,558
     (廣州匯垠天粵股權投資基金管理有限公司)
Guangzhou Finance Holdings Assets Management Co, Ltd. – GFHAM Wealth                   140,738,735 RMB ordinary shares                    140,738,735
     Management Select No. 3 Private Investment Fund
     (廣州金控資產管理有限公司－廣金資產財富管理優選3號私募投資基金)
Guangzhou Industrial Investment and Capital Operation Holding Group Ltd.               139,942,653 RMB ordinary shares                    139,942,653
     (廣州產業投資控股集團有限公司)
Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited                                           56,336,910 RMB ordinary shares                     56,336,910
Guangzhou Light Industry & Trade Group Co., Ltd.                                        51,084,691 RMB ordinary shares                      51,084,691
     (廣州輕工工貿集團有限公司)
Shanghai Pu-Xing Energy Limited                                                         46,599,810 RMB ordinary shares                     46,599,810
     (普星聚能股份公司)
HONG Zejun                                                                             40,000,000 RMB ordinary shares                     40,000,000
ICBC-China AMC SSE-SZSE 300 Index Securities Investment Fund                            16,374,020 RMB ordinary shares                     16,374,020
     (中國工商銀行股份有限公司 – 華泰柏瑞滬深300交易型開放式指數證券投資基金)
Related relationship or concerted party relationship among the above       GAIG, the largest shareholder of the Company, is not related to any of the
     shareholders                                                             above shareholders, nor is it a party acting in concert with any of them,
                                                                              and it is not known to the Company whether other shareholders are
                                                                              related to each other or whether they are parties acting in concert.



Notes:

1.            GAIG held 5,206,932,069 A shares of the Company in total, representing approximately 70.44%

              of the A share capital of the Company. At the same time, GAIG held 301,228,000 H shares of

              the Company in total through Southbound Trading of Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect

              and Guangzhou Auto Group (Hong Kong) Limited (a wholly-owned subsidiary), representing

              approximately 9.72% of the H share capital of the Company. The total number of A and H shares

              of the Company held by GAIG was 5,508,160,069 shares, representing approximately 52.51% of the

              total share capital of the Company.



2.            H shares held by HKSCC Nominees Limited were held on behalf of a number of clients. H shares

              of the Company held by Guangzhou Auto Group (Hong Kong) Limited are also registered in trust

              with HKSCC Nominees Limited.



                                                                                                                                                          179
  Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders



        Participation of top ten shareholders in shares lent under the margin refinancing
        transfer business
                                                                                Unit: share

                                  Participation of top ten shareholders in shares lent under the margin refinancing transfer
                                  Shareholdings held in the       Shares lent under the       Shareholdings held in the
                                 general account and credit margin refinancing as at the general account and credit Shares lent under the margin
                                 account as at the beginning beginning of period and not account as at the end of refinancing as at the end of
                                           of period                    yet repaid                     period              period and not yet repaid
        Name of shareholder              Total Percentage             Total Percentage             Total Percentage              Total Percentage
        (Full name)                   number              (%)       number              (%)      number             (%)       number             (%)

        Guangzhou Industrial      143,973,553           1.37            0              0     139,942,653          1.33     4,030,900          0.04
           Investment and Capital
           Operation Holding
           Group Ltd.
           (廣州產業投資控股集團有限
           公司)
        ICBC–China AMC SSE-SZSE     8,203,740          0.08       807,400            0.01    16,374,020           0.16       163,900          0.01
           300 Index Securities
           Investment Fund
           (中國工商銀行股份有限公
           司－華泰柏瑞滬深300交易
           型開放式指數證券投資基金）


        Changes in the top ten shareholders as compared with the end of the previous
        period
                                                                           Unit: share

                  Changes in the top ten shareholders as compared with the end of the previous period
                                                                                   Shareholdings held in the the
                                                                                  shareholders’ general account
                                                                                      and credit account and
                                                      Number of shares lent under number of shares lent under
                                                      the margin refinancing as at the margin refinancing and
                                         Add/Exit    the end of period and not yet not yet repaid as at the end
                                         during the              repaid                      of period
        Name of shareholder              reporting                    Percentage                    Percentage
        (Full name)                      period      Total number             (%) Total number              (%)

        HONG Zejun                                  Addition                       0                     0      40,000,000                   0.38
        ICBC–China AMC SSE-SZSE 300                 Addition                 163,900                  0.01       16,537,920                  0.16
          Index Securities Investment
          Fund
          (中國工商銀行股份有限公司－華泰柏
          瑞滬深300交易型開放式指數證券投資
          基金）
180
                                                                       Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                        Annual Report 2023




            Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders



        Number of shares subject to trading moratorium held by top 10 shareholders and
        conditions of trading moratorium
        □ Applicable    3 N/A



  (III) STRATEGIC INVESTOR OR ORDINARY LEGAL PERSON BECOMING
        TOP 10 SHAREHOLDERS AFTER PLACING OF NEW SHARES
        □ Applicable    3 N/A



IV. STATUS OF CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDER AND ULTIMATE
    CONTROLLER

  (I)   CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDER
        1    Legal person
             Name                                    Guangzhou Automobile Industry Group Co., Ltd.
             Responsible person of the institution   Zeng Qinghong
               or legal representative
             Date of establishment                   18 October 2000
             Principal business                      Investment in the research and development,
                                                       manufacturing and marketing of automobile,
                                                       motorcycle and components, automobile
                                                       service trade and other relevant industries;
                                                       Investment in automobile finance and other
                                                       financial sectors; Investment in self-owned
                                                       land development projects and related real
                                                       estate projects and property management.
             Equity interests in other controlled    Nil
               and invested companies whose
               shares were listed in the PRC or
               overseas during the reporting
               period
             Other matters                           Nil

        2    Natural person
             □ Applicable       3 N/A


        3    Special explanation on absence of a controlling shareholder of the Company
             □ Applicable       3 N/A




                                                                                                              181
  Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders



         4   Explanation of changes of controlling shareholder during the reporting period
             □ Applicable   3 N/A


         5   Chart showing the ownership and controlling relationship between the
             Company and the controlling shareholder


               Guangzhou Automobile Industry Group Co., Ltd.

                                      52.51%

              GuangZhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.



      (II) ULTIMATE CONTROLLER
         1   Legal person
             The ultimate controller of the Company is Guangzhou State-Owned Assets
             Administration Bureau, which is a department directly under the Guangzhou Municipal
             People’s Government, and as authorised by the Guangzhou Municipal People’s
             Government. It performs the obligation of the investor on behalf of the Guangzhou
             Municipal People’s Government and is responsible for the supervision of municipal
             state-owned assets.


         2   Natural person
             □ Applicable   3 N/A


         3   Special explanation on absence of an ultimate controller of the Company
             □ Applicable   3 N/A


         4   Details about changes of control over the Company during the reporting period
             □ Applicable   3 N/A




182
                                                                         Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                          Annual Report 2023




            Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders



        5     Chart showing the ownership and controlling relationship between the
              Company and the ultimate controller


                  Stale-Owned Assets Administration Bureau of        Department of Finance of
                  Guangzhou Municipal People's Government              Guangdong Province
                                90%                                                 10%


                                                  Guangzhou Automobile
                                                  Industry Group Co., Ltd.

                                                                52.51%

                                                  Guangzhou Automobile
                                                      Group Co., Ltd.

        6     The ultimate controller controlled the Company through a trust or other asset
              management company
              □ Applicable        3 N/A



   (Ill) OTHER INFORMATION OF THE CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDER AND
         THE ULTIMATE CONTROLLER
        □ Applicable      3 N/A



V. OTHER CORPORATE SHAREHOLDERS HOLDING MORE THAN
   10% SHARES OF THE COMPANY
   □ Applicable   3 N/A



VI. RESTRICTION ON REDUCTION IN SHAREHOLDING
   □ Applicable   3 N/A




                                                                                                            183
  Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders



  VII. SPECIFIC IMPLEMENTATION OF SHARE REPURCHASE DURING
       THE REPORTING PERIOD
      □ Applicable      3 N/A



  VIII. INTERESTS REQUIRED TO BE DISCLOSED UNDER THE SFO
      As at 31 December 2023, the names of the persons (other than directors and supervisors) entitled to
      exercise 5% or more of the voting rights at any general meeting of the Company and the number
      of shares, as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336
      of the SFO are set out below:


                                                                                      Percentage in
                                                                                        the class of   Percentage
                                                                      Number of        issued share of total share
      Name                  Class of shares   Capacity              shares (Note 1)      capital (%)   capital (%)

      GAIG (Note 2)         A shares          Beneficial owner   5,206,932,069 (L)            70.44          49.64
                            H shares          Interest of a       301,228,000 (L)               9.72          2.87
                                                controlled
                                                corporation
      BlackRock, Inc.       H shares          Interest of a         181,122,709 (L)             5.85          1.73
                                                controlled           2,108,000 (S)              0.07          0.02
                                                corporation




184
                                                                                    Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2023




                  Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders



     Notes:

     1.       (L) – Long Position, (S) – Short Position, (P) – Lending Pool.



     2.       As at 31 December 2023, the total number of A shares of the Company actually held by GAIG was

              5,206,932,069 shares, representing approximately 70.44% of the A share capital of the Company. At the

              same time, through Southbound Trading of Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect and Guangzhou Auto

              Group (Hong Kong) Limited (a wholly-owned subsidiary), GAIG held 301,228,000 H shares of the Company

              in total, representing approximately 9.72% of the H share capital of the Company. The total number of A

              and H shares of the Company held by GAIG was 5,508,160,069 shares, representing approximately 52.51%

              of the total share capital of the Company.



IX. PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED SECURITIES OF
    THE COMPANY
     The Company did not redeem the listed securities of the Company during the year. The Company
     and its subsidiaries did not purchase or sell the listed securities of the Company during the year.
     On 13 March 2023, with reference to the unusual changes in the participants of the Company’s 2020
     A share option and restricted share incentive scheme (such as retirement, resignation, assessment,
     etc.), the restricted shares granted to ineligible participants have been repurchased and cancelled
     on SSE. A total of 7,327,392 restricted shares have been repurchased, with the aggregate price paid
     being RMB33,779,078.31.



X.   PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS AND PUBLIC FLOAT
     There is no provision for pre-emptive rights of the shareholders in the Articles of Association and
     the relevant laws, and they are not entitled to ask the Company to issue shares to them pre-
     emptively in proportion to their shareholding.


     Based on the information publicly available and to the knowledge of the directors, as at the latest
     practicable date prior to the issue of this annual report, the Company has met the minimum
     requirement on public float of H shares under the Listing Rules.




                                                                                                                       185
      Chapter 10

      BONDS
  I.   BASIC INFORMATION OF CORPORATE BONDS
                                                                                                            Unit: Yuan          Currency: RMB


                                                                                                                    Method of             Whether
                                                                   Interest                                         repayment             there is
                                                        Date of    accrual                                 Interest of principal Trading a risk of
       Name of bond                Abbreviation Code    issue      date       Due date         Balances    rate (%) and interest place    delisting

       Corporate Bonds (Phase      12GAC02     122243   2013-03-20 2013-03-20 2023-03-20   3,000,000,000     5.09% Simple          SSE    No
         one) of Guangzhou                                                                                          interest per
         Automobile Group Co.,                                                                                      annum
         Ltd. in 2012 (10 years)



       Note: The principal and interest of the corporate bonds 12GAC02 have been fully settled and delisted upon its

                expiry on 20 March 2023.


       INTEREST PAYMENT OF BONDS DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD


       Name of bond                                                              Description of interest payment

       Corporate Bonds (Phase one) of Guangzhou                                  During the reporting period, the interest on
         Automobile Group Co., Ltd. in 2012 (10 years)                             “12GAC02” was timely paid in accordance
                                                                                   with the terms set out in the prospectus.
                                                                                   The coupon rate is 5.09%, one board lot of
                                                                                   “12GAC02” with par value of RMB1,000 was
                                                                                   entitled to interest of RMB50.90 (tax inclusive).


       INTERMEDIARIES PROVIDING SERVICES FOR ISSUANCE OF BONDS AND BUSINESS DURING
       ITS DURATION


                                                                                                Name of
                                                                                                signatory
       Name of intermediary                                Office address                       accountant                Contact number

       China International Capital                         27th Floor and 28th Floor, Cheng Daming                        010-6505 1166
         Corporation Limited                                    China World Office 2, 1
         (中國國際金融有限公司)                                           Jianguomenwai Avenue,
                                                                Beijing




186
                                                                                           Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                             Annual Report 2023




                                                                                                                BONDS



II.   USE OF FUNDS RAISED AS AT END OF REPORTING PERIOD
                                                                                              Unit: Yuan     Currency: RMB

                                                                                                                  Is there
                                                                                                                  consistency
                                                                                                                  with the
                                                                                      Operation     Rectification purpose, using
                                                                                      (if any) of     (if any) of plan and other
                                                                                     the special      violations commitments
                                           Gross funds         Amount     Amount    account for        for using promised in the
      Name of bond                              raised           used     unused   funds raised     funds raised prospectus

      Corporate Bonds (Phase one) of
        Guangzhou Automobile Group Co.,
        Ltd. in 2012 (10 years)           3,000,000,000   3,000,000,000        0               –              – Yes


      PROGRESS AND OPERATING EFFICIENCY OF RAISED FUNDS USED FOR CONSTRUCTION
      PROJECTS
      The proceeds were fully utilised to supplement cash flow of the Company in accordance with the
      use of proceeds as set out in the prospectus.


      DESCRIPTION ON CHANGES OF USE OF FUNDS RAISED FROM THE ABOVE BONDS DURING
      THE REPORTING PERIOD
      □ Applicable 3 N/A



III. ADJUSTMENTS TO CREDIT RATING RESULTS
      □ Applicable      3 N/A



IV. IMPLEMENTATION AND CHANGES ON GUARANTEE, DEBT
    REPAYMENT PLANS AND OTHER DEBT REPAYMENT
    PROTECTIVE MEASURES DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
    AND THEIR IMPACTS
      □ Applicable      3 N/A



V. OTHER INFORMATION OF CORPORATE BONDS
      □ Applicable      3 N/A



VI. INFORMATION ON CONVERTIBLE CORPORATE BONDS
      □Applicable       ✓N/A
                                                                                                                               187
Financial
Report
                                                                                     Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2023




INDEPENDENT
AUDITOR’S REPORT


To the shareholders of Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
(incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)



Opinion
What we have audited
The consolidated financial statements of Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. (the “Company”) and its
subsidiaries (the “Group”), which are set out on pages 198 to 358, comprise:


•     the consolidated balance sheet as at 31 December 2023;


•     the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year then ended;


•     the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year then ended;


•     the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended; and


•     the notes to the consolidated financial statements, comprising material accounting policy information and
      other explanatory information.


Our opinion
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position
of the Group as at 31 December 2023, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash
flows for the year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued
by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in
compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.




                                                                                                                        189
  INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



  Basis for Opinion
  We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA.
  Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit
  of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report.


  We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
  opinion.


  Independence
  We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants
  (“the Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.



  Key Audit Matters
  Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit
  of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of
  our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do
  not provide a separate opinion on these matters.


  Key audit matters identified in our audit are summarised as follows:


  •       Warranty provisions


  •       Impairment assessment of capitalised development costs




190
                                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                Annual Report 2023




                                               INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




Key Audit Matter                                       How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter


Warranty provisions


Refer to Note 4 (Critical accounting estimates         We have met management of the Company, the Major
and judgements) and Note 27 (Provisions) to the        Joint Ventures, GAMC and GAC AION and have discussed
consolidated financial statements.                     with them and evaluated the impact on the Group’s
                                                       financial statements of warranty provisions relating to
As at 31 December 2023, the warranty provisions        Major Joint Ventures, GAMC and GAC AION.
of the Group amounted to approximately
RMB1,469,618,000 (Note 27).                            (a) Procedures performed on warranty provisions of
                                                           Major Joint Ventures and GAMC, included:
The Group mainly produced and sold passenger
vehicles through its joint ventures GAC Honda             – We understood and evaluated management’s
Automobile Co., Ltd. (“GAC Honda”) and GAC                  process and controls over recording provisions
Toyota Motor Co., Ltd. (“GAC Toyota”) (collectively         for product warranties and assessed the inherent
“Major Joint Ventures”) and its subsidiaries, GAC           risk of material misstatement by considering the
Motor Co., Ltd. (“GAMC”) and GAC AION New                   degree of estimation uncertainty and other inherent
Energy Automobile Co., Ltd. (“GAC AION”).                   risk factors.


The Group’s joint ventures were accounted for             – We evaluated management’s warranty provision
using the equity method. The warranty provisions            model and tested the calculations therein. This
relating to the Major Joint Ventures were considered        included evaluating the key assumptions through
significant to the Company’s consolidated financial         reviewing the legal and contractual terms,
statements.                                                 comparing the assumptions to the historical data,
                                                            analysing the expected unit cost of repair and
Provisions for warranties granted by the Group’s            returns of each vehicle type at each year of the
Major Joint Ventures, GAMC and GAC AION for                 warranty period, testing sales volume of each
the passenger vehicles sold are recognised based            vehicle type to the supporting documents and
on sales volume and past experience of the level            recalculating the warranty provisions.
of repair and returns, discounted to their present
values as appropriate.




                                                                                                                      191
  INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




  Key Audit Matter                                        How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter


  Warranty provisions (continued)

                                                             – In respect of the provisions for warranties previously
  We focused on auditing the warranty provisions               recorded and subsequently settled during the
  because the estimation of costs in respect of                year, we compared the provision amount with the
  future warranty claims is subject to high degree of          settlement amount and investigated, if significant
                                                               variance existed, the reasonableness of the
  estimation uncertainty. The inherent risk in relation
                                                               reassessment of the adequacy of the provisions for
  to warranty provisions is considered significant due         warranties previously made by the management.
  to subjectivity of significant assumptions used in           We discussed with management the existence
  determining the costs.                                       of any indicators of significant product defect
                                                               occurred during the year and subsequent to year
                                                               end that would significantly affect the estimates
                                                               of the year-end warranty provisions.

                                                             – We also considered whether the judgements made
                                                               in selecting the significant assumptions would give
                                                               rise to indicators of possible management bias.

                                                          (b) GAC AION is audited by a non-PricewaterhouseCoopers
                                                              auditor (“Component Auditor”). Procedures performed
                                                              on warranty provisions of GAC AION included:

                                                             – We have discussed with Component Auditor about
                                                               their audit approach and work result for warranty
                                                               provisions.

                                                             – We have obtained and reviewed Component
                                                               Auditor’s reporting to us in accordance with our
                                                               instructions.

                                                          We found that management judgements and estimates
                                                          associated with GAMC’s and GAC AION’s warranty
                                                          provisions were supported by available evidence.

                                                          We found that, in the context of our audit of consolidated
                                                          financial statements of the Company, Major Joint
                                                          Ventures’ management judgements and estimates
                                                          associated with their respective warranty provisions in
                                                          respect of the Group’s share of the profit or loss and
                                                          net assets of Major Joint Ventures were supported by
                                                          available evidence.




192
                                                                                   Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2023




                                                 INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




Key Audit Matter                                          How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter


Impairment assessment              of    capitalised
development costs


Refer to Note 4 (Critical accounting estimates and        (a) Procedures performed on impairment assessment of
judgements) and Note 10 (Intangible assets) to the            capitalised development costs of the Group (excluding
consolidated financial statements.                            GAC AION), included:


As at 31 December 2023, the carrying amount of               We understood and evaluated management’s process
the Group’s capitalised development costs, after             and controls to identify the impairment indicators
considering the impairment provision, which arose            for capitalised development costs in use and
from development expenditure on the Group’s                  assessed the inherent risk of material misstatement
various types of self-developed passenger vehicle            by considering the degree of estimation uncertainty
projects and were classified as intangible assets            and other inherent risk factors.
on the consolidated balance sheet, amounted to
approximately RMB15,486,764,000. An impairment               The recoverable amount of the capitalised development
charge of approximately RMB853,200,000 has                   costs subject to impairment testing was determined
been recognised for capitalised development                  based on value in use, which was the present value
costs of certain types of passenger vehicles in the          of the future cash flows expected to be derived, and
consolidated statement of comprehensive income               we performed the following procedures:
for the year ended 31 December 2023.
                                                                We obtained and understood management’s
Capitalised development costs not yet in use are tested         calculations of value in use and assessed the
for impairment annually. Capitalised development                methodology applied.
costs in use are reviewed for impairment whenever
events or changes in circumstances indicate that the            We tested the consistency and assessed the
carrying amount may not be recoverable.                         reasonableness of the data used and management’s
                                                                key assumptions adopted in the future cash flow
Management has assessed the recoverable amount                  projections, mainly in relation to:
of capitalised development costs for each type of
passenger vehicles to be their value in use in order            – the budgeted sales and gross margin, by
to determine the impairment charge, if any.                       comparing them with actual performance and
                                                                  historical financial data, if any. For the budgeted
                                                                  sales, we also compared to the Group’s
                                                                  strategic plan, and future market growth as
                                                                  forecasted and sourced from independent
                                                                  parties;

                                                                                                                      193
  INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




  Key Audit Matter                                         How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter


  Impairment assessment of                capitalised
  development costs (continued)


  We focused on auditing the impairment                          – the growth rate of revenue, by comparing
  assessment of capitalised development costs                      it with the relevant economic and industry
  because management’s assessment of impairment                    forecasts, including certain forecasts sourced
  involved complex and subjective judgements and                   from independent parties; and
  assumptions, such as future cash flow projections
  using revenue, gross margin, growth rate of revenue            – discount rate, by comparing it with the cost of
  and discount rate. The estimation of the recoverable             capital of comparable companies.
  amount is subject to high degree of estimation
  uncertainty. The inherent risk in relation to the              We performed sensitivity analysis on the key
  impairment assessment of capitalised development               assumptions of the cash flow forecasts by
  costs is considered significant due to subjectivity of         considering the likelihood of such a movement in
  significant assumptions used by management and                 those key assumptions arising.
  significant judgements involved in selecting data.
                                                                 We also considered whether the judgements
                                                                 made in selecting the significant assumptions
                                                                 and data would give rise to indicators of possible
                                                                 management bias.


                                                           (b) GAC AION is audited by a Component Auditor.
                                                               Procedures performed on impairment assessment of
                                                               capitalised development costs of GAC AION included:


                                                              We have discussed with Component Auditor about
                                                              their audit approach and work result for impairment
                                                              assessment of capitalised development costs.


                                                              We have obtained and reviewed Component Auditor’s
                                                              reporting to us in accordance with our instructions.


                                                           We found the key assumptions made by the management
                                                           in relation to the value in use calculations to be reasonable
                                                           based on the available evidence.



194
                                                                                    Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2023




                                                INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



Other Information
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all of
the information included in the annual report other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s
report thereon.


Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express
any form of assurance conclusion thereon.


In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated
financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.


If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other
information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.



Responsibilities of Directors and Audit Committee for the Consolidated Financial Statements
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that
give a true and fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of
the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to
enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether
due to fraud or error.


In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability
to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going
concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or
have no realistic alternative but to do so.


The Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.




                                                                                                                       195
  INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



  Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
  Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a
  whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that
  includes our opinion. We report our opinion solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not
  assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable
  assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with
  HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error
  and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence
  the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.


  As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional
  scepticism throughout the audit. We also:


  •     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
        due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit
        evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a
        material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve
        collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.


  •     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that
        are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness
        of the Group’s internal control.


  •     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates
        and related disclosures made by the directors.


  •     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and,
        based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions
        that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude
        that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related
        disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our
        opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report.
        However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.




196
                                                                                    Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2023




                                                INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



•     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including
      the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions
      and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.


•     Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business
      activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are
      responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible
      for our audit opinion.


We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of
the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify
during our audit.


We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably
be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards
applied.


From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the
key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public
disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not
be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected
to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.


The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Lam, Wai Nang.




PricewaterhouseCoopers
Certified Public Accountants


Hong Kong, 28 March 2024




                                                                                                                       197
      CONSOLIDATED
      BALANCE SHEET
                                                                                   As at 31 December
                                                                                      2023            2022
                                                                          Note     RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                                                 (Restated)


      ASSETS
      Non-current assets
      Property, plant and equipment                                       7       24,929,595    20,760,618
      Right-of-use assets                                                 8        8,513,148     7,014,484
      Investment properties                                               9        1,061,628     1,019,895
      Intangible assets                                                   10      16,469,701    14,471,175
      Investments in joint ventures and associates                        11      37,159,868    37,810,779
      Deferred income tax assets                                          13       4,366,130     3,715,494
      Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income   14       5,094,366     1,713,626
      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss               15       2,363,512     2,169,235
      Prepayments and other long-term receivables                         16      17,380,185     9,607,293


                                                                                 117,338,133    98,282,599


      Current assets
      Inventories                                                         17      16,720,313    12,361,830
      Trade and other receivables                                         18      26,778,700    31,407,386
      Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income   14       5,634,369     4,089,676
      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss               15       2,790,794     4,219,724
      Time deposits                                                       19       6,825,347     3,325,724
      Restricted cash                                                     20       2,838,783     1,976,589
      Cash and cash equivalents                                           21      39,522,331    34,222,113


                                                                                 101,110,637    91,603,042


      Total assets                                                               218,448,770   189,885,641


      LIABILITIES
      Non-current liabilities
      Trade and other payables                                            25       1,424,654       761,728
      Borrowings                                                          26      10,384,250     5,697,283
      Lease liabilities                                                    8       1,484,772     1,297,402
      Deferred income tax liabilities                                     13         240,007       132,400
      Provisions                                                          27       1,030,490       682,268
      Government grants                                                   28       2,110,959     2,182,978
      Contract liabilities                                                6(a)       125,606        81,724


                                                                                  16,800,738    10,835,783

198
                                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                               Annual Report 2023




                                                CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET



                                                                               As at 31 December
                                                                                  2023                   2022
                                                                Note           RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                                    (Restated)


 Current liabilities
 Trade and other payables                                        25          55,742,477            40,155,839
 Contract liabilities                                            6(a)         2,520,615             1,943,158
 Current income tax liabilities                                                 203,862               184,999
 Borrowings                                                      26          17,731,673            13,812,828
 Lease liabilities                                                8             449,688               276,839
 Provisions                                                      27             545,905               344,740


                                                                             77,194,220            56,718,403


 Total liabilities                                                           93,994,958            67,554,186


 Net assets                                                                 124,453,812          122,331,455


 EQUITY
 Share capital                                                   22          10,490,234            10,487,164
 Reserves                                                        24          47,317,286            46,750,366
 Retained earnings                                               24          57,966,657            56,066,781


 Capital and reserves attributable to owners of the Company                 115,774,177          113,304,311
 Non-controlling interests                                                    8,679,635            9,027,144


 Total equity                                                               124,453,812          122,331,455


The notes on pages 206 to 358 are an integral part of these financial statements.


The financial statements on pages 198 to 205 were approved by the Board of Directors on 28 March 2024
and were signed on its behalf:




Zeng Qinghong                                         Feng Xingya
Director                                              Director


                                                                                                                 199
      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
      COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                               Year ended 31 December

                                                                                     2023              2022
                                                                       Note       RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                                                  (Restated)


      Revenue                                                           6       129,706,167     110,271,923
      Cost of sales                                                     29     (124,178,725)   (106,507,364)


      Gross profit                                                                5,527,442      3,764,559


      Selling and distribution costs                                    29       (6,195,691)     (3,922,909)
      Administrative expenses                                           29       (5,656,662)     (5,114,685)
      Net impairment losses on financial assets                        3.1.2       (455,902)       (627,724)
      Interest income                                                   32          289,366         160,656
      Other gains/(losses) – net                                        31        1,649,469        (935,421)


      Operating loss                                                             (4,841,978)     (6,675,524)


      Interest income                                                   32          484,993         330,520
      Finance costs                                                     33         (467,323)       (351,781)
      Share of net profit of joint ventures and associates accounted
        for using the equity method                                     11        8,349,006     14,065,159


      Profit before income tax                                                    3,524,698      7,368,374


      Income tax credit                                                 34         215,463         535,540


      Profit for the year                                                         3,740,161      7,903,914


      Profit is attributable to:
        Owners of the Company                                                     4,428,845      7,978,417
        Non-controlling interests                                                  (688,684)        (74,503)


                                                                                  3,740,161      7,903,914




200
                                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                               Annual Report 2023




  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME



                                                                              Year ended 31 December

                                                                                   2023                   2022
                                                                      Note      RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                                     (Restated)


 Other comprehensive income/(loss)

 Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
    – exchange differences on translation of foreign operations        35            (3,247)              6,839
    – changes in the fair value of debt instruments at fair value
        through other comprehensive income                             35            20,210              (6,531)
    – impairment loss on debt instruments at fair value through
        other comprehensive income                                     35                 –               1,537
    – share of other comprehensive loss of joint ventures and
        associates accounted for using the equity method              24,35          (2,122)                 (30)
    – income tax relating to these items                              24,35          (4,483)              1,024
 Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
    – changes in the fair value of equity investments at fair value
        through other comprehensive income                             35           153,701            (140,356)
    – share of other comprehensive income of joint ventures and
        associates accounted for using the equity method              24,35           2,762              58,554
    – remeasurement of post-employment benefit obligations            24,35         (10,320)                860
    – income tax relating to these items                              24,35         (35,886)             35,875


 Other comprehensive income/(loss) for the year, net of tax                         120,615             (42,228)


 Total comprehensive income for the year                                        3,860,776            7,861,686


 Total comprehensive income attributable to:
 Owners of the Company                                                          4,546,450            7,938,142
 Non-controlling interests                                                       (685,674)              (76,456)


                                                                                3,860,776            7,861,686


 Earnings per share for profit attributable to ordinary equity
  holders of the Company (expressed in RMB per share)
  – basic earnings per share                                           36              0.42                0.77


   – diluted earnings per share                                        36              0.42                0.77


The notes on pages 206 to 358 are an integral part of these financial statements.

                                                                                                                    201
      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
      CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                 Attributable to owners of the Company

                                                           Share                          Retained                 Non-controlling
                                                          capital        Reserves         earnings           Total       interests     Total equity
                                                         RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000           RMB’000


      Balance as at 1 January 2022 as originally
        presented                                       10,370,593     29,345,460       50,597,258        90,313,311     2,335,474      92,648,785
      Changes in accounting policy                               –              –           20,118            20,118        17,451          37,569


      Balance as at 1 January 2022 (Restated)           10,370,593     29,345,460       50,617,376        90,333,429     2,352,925      92,686,354


      Comprehensive income
      Profit/(loss) for the year (Restated)                      –               –       7,978,417         7,978,417       (74,503)      7,903,914
      Other comprehensive loss, net of tax                       –         (40,275)              –            (40,275)       (1,953)        (42,228)


      Total comprehensive (loss)/income                          –         (40,275)      7,978,417         7,938,142       (76,456)      7,861,686


      Transactions with owners in their capacity
         as owners
      Appropriation to general risk reserve                      –        125,453         (125,453)                 –             –               –
      Dividend declared by the Company and
         subsidiaries                                            –               –       (2,403,559)      (2,403,559)      (78,217)      (2,481,776)
      Contributions from non-controlling shareholders
         of subsidiaries                                         –              –                 –                –        34,000          34,000
      Transactions with non-controlling interests                –     15,061,788                 –       15,061,788     6,793,034      21,854,822
      Employee share-based awards scheme (Note 23)
         – Value of employee services                           –         410,834                 –         410,834               –        410,834
         – Proceeds from shares issued                     23,206         414,315                 –         437,521               –        437,521
      Convertible bonds (Note 26(h))
         – Conversion of convertible bonds                 93,365        1,284,253                –        1,377,618             –       1,377,618
      Others                                                    –          148,538                –          148,538         1,858         150,396


      Total transactions with owners in their
        capacity as owners                                116,571      17,445,181        (2,529,012)      15,032,740     6,750,675      21,783,415


      Balance as at 31 December 2022 (Restated)         10,487,164     46,750,366       56,066,781       113,304,311     9,027,144     122,331,455

202
                                                                                                          Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                           Annual Report 2023




                  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY



                                                             Attributable to owners of the Company

                                                      Share                           Retained                 Non-controlling
                                                     capital         Reserves         earnings           Total       interests    Total equity
                                                    RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000


 Balance as at 31 December 2022 (Restated)         10,487,164      46,750,366       56,066,781       113,304,311     9,027,144    122,331,455


 Comprehensive income
 Profit/(loss) for the year                                 –               –        4,428,845         4,428,845      (688,684)     3,740,161
 Other comprehensive income, net of tax                     –         117,605                –           117,605         3,010        120,615


 Total comprehensive income/(loss)                          –         117,605        4,428,845         4,546,450      (685,674)     3,860,776


 Transactions with owners in their capacity
    as owners
 Appropriation to general risk reserve                      –         118,332         (118,332)                –             –               –
 Dividend declared by the Company and
    subsidiaries                                            –               –        (2,410,637)      (2,410,637)      (62,515)     (2,473,152)
 Contributions from non-controlling shareholders
    of subsidiaries                                         –               –                 –                –       382,990        382,990
 Employee share-based awards scheme (Note 23)
 – Value of employee services                              –           60,553                 –          60,553          1,767         62,320
 – Proceeds from shares issued                        10,398           87,552                 –          97,950              –         97,950
 – Vesting of restricted shares                            –          129,044                 –         129,044              –        129,044
 – Repurchase and cancellation of restricted
       shares                                          (7,328)          7,328                 –               –              –              –
 Others                                                     –          46,506                 –          46,506         15,923         62,429


 Total transactions with owners in their
   capacity as owners                                   3,070         449,315        (2,528,969)      (2,076,584)      338,165      (1,738,419)


 Balance as at 31 December 2023                    10,490,234      47,317,286       57,966,657       115,774,177     8,679,635    124,453,812


The notes on pages 206 to 358 are an integral part of these financial statements.




                                                                                                                                                 203
      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
      CASH FLOWS
                                                                             Year ended 31 December
                                                                                  2023           2022
                                                                     Note      RMB’000        RMB’000


      Cash flows from operating activities
       Cash generated from/(used in) operations                      38(a)     5,403,386     (5,862,993)
       Interest received                                                         650,830        466,505
       Interest paid                                                          (1,091,806)      (903,426)
       Income tax paid                                                          (358,176)      (338,189)


      Net cash generated from/(used in) operating activities                  4,604,234      (6,638,103)


      Cash flows from investing activities
       Purchases of property, plant and equipment, land use
         rights and intangible assets                                        (11,576,552)    (8,013,514)
       Proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment
         and intangible assets                                                   139,119        140,910
       Acquisition of subsidiaries, net of cash acquired                         824,723         (10,745)
       Additional investment in joint ventures                                (1,201,183)      (603,160)
       Additional investment in associates                                      (816,154)      (226,600)
       Set-up of joint ventures                                                 (107,389)      (502,770)
       Set-up of associates                                                      (40,400)           (880)
       Disposals or capital reduction of joint ventures and
         associates                                                              85,171         97,227
       Acquisition of investment in financial assets at fair value
         through profit or loss, other comprehensive income and
         at amortised cost                                                   (20,858,477)   (10,176,744)
       Disposal of investment in financial assets at fair value
         through profit or loss, other comprehensive income and
         at amortised cost                                                   19,014,471      4,488,066
       Proceeds from investment income from financial
         instruments                                                             70,642        197,587
       Granting of entrusted loans                                           (2,028,441)        (41,650)
       Proceeds from repayment of entrusted loans                               248,596          46,210
       Receipt of government grants related to assets                           305,810        376,084
       Dividends received                                                    15,813,082     13,522,270
       Increase in time deposits and long-term deposits                      (5,205,614)      (884,453)


      Net cash used in investing activities                                   (5,332,596)    (1,592,162)


204
                                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                               Annual Report 2023




                          CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS



                                                                            Year ended 31 December
                                                                                  2023                  2022
                                                                 Note          RMB’000               RMB’000


 Cash flows from financing activities
  Proceeds from issuance of ordinary shares under
    employee share option scheme                                                    97,950            213,406
  Repurchase of restricted shares under employee incentive
    scheme                                                                          (34,179)                   –
  Contribution from non-controlling shareholders of
    subsidiaries                                                                 382,990                34,000
  Dividend paid to shareholders of the Company                                (2,410,636)          (2,406,710)
  Dividend paid to non-controlling interests in subsidiaries                     (55,889)              (78,217)
  Proceeds from bank borrowings (excluding securitization
    debts)                                                       38(c)        28,290,461           24,117,015
  Repayments of borrowings (excluding securitization debts)      38(c)       (18,839,032)         (19,846,618)
  Proceeds from other securitization debts                       38(c)         2,953,967             1,716,190
  Repayments of other securitization debts                       38(c)        (1,644,629)           (1,956,071)
  Repayments of convertible bonds                                38(c)                 –            (1,071,717)
  Proceeds from securitization debts (transferred of financial
    assets that are not derecognised in their entirety)          38(d)         3,889,221            3,796,535
  Repayments of securitization debts (transferred of financial
    assets that are not derecognised in their entirety)                       (3,092,805)            (569,238)
  Repayments of loan payables to a third-party                   38(c)                 –             (200,000)
  Repayments of corporate bonds                                  38(c)        (3,000,000)                   –
  Disposal/(acquisition) of repurchasing financial asset-net     38(c)            64,148             (212,420)
  Transactions with non-controlling interests                                          –           21,854,822
  Principal element of lease payments                            38(c)          (577,043)            (288,494)
  Proceed from other financing activities                                              –               78,196


 Net cash generated from financing activities                                  6,024,524           25,180,679


 Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                    5,296,162            16,950,414
  Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year                         34,222,113            17,234,963
  Exchange gains on cash and cash equivalents                                     4,056                36,736


 Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year                                39,522,331            34,222,113


The notes on pages 206 to 358 are an integral part of these financial statements.

                                                                                                                   205
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  1    GENERAL INFORMATION
       Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (together, the “Group”) are
       principally engaged in the manufacturing and sale of automobiles, engines and other automotive parts and
       rendering of financial services. The Company’s holding company is Guangzhou Automobile Industry Group
       Co., Ltd. (“GAIG”), a state-owned enterprise incorporated in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”).


       The registered address of the Company is 23/F, Chengyue Building, No. 448 – No. 458, Dong Feng
       Zhong Road, Yuexiu District, Guangzhou, Guangdong, the PRC.


       The Company was established in June 1997 as a limited liability company in the PRC. In June 2005,
       the Company underwent a reorganisation and transformed itself into a joint stock company with limited
       liability under the Company Law of the PRC. The Company’s shares have been listed on Hong Kong
       Stock Exchange (the “HKSE”) and Shanghai Stock Exchange (“SSE”) since 30 August 2010 and 29 March
       2012, respectively.


       These financial statements are presented in thousands of Renminbi Yuan (“RMB”), unless otherwise stated.



  2.   BASIS OF PREPARATION
       The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance with all applicable
       Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRS”) and disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong
       Companies Ordinance Cap.622. The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a historical
       cost basis, except for certain financial assets which are measured at fair value.


       The preparation of financial statements in conformity with HKFRS requires the use of certain critical
       accounting estimates. It also requires management to exercise its judgement in the process of applying
       the Group’s accounting policies. The areas involving a higher degree of judgement or complexity, or areas
       where assumptions and estimates are significant to the consolidated financial statements are disclosed
       in Note 4.




206
                                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                Annual Report 2023




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



2.   BASIS OF PREPARATION (Continued)
     2.1   Accounting policy and disclosures

           (a)   New and amended standards and interpretations adopted by the Group
                 The Group has applied the following standards and amendments to existing standards and
                 interpretation for the first time for their annual reporting period commencing 1 January 2023:


                 Standards/Amendments                    Subject of Standards/Amendments


                 HKAS 1 and HKFRS Practice               Disclosure of Accounting Policies
                  Statement 2 (Amendments)
                 HKAS 8 (Amendments)                     Definition of Accounting Estimates
                 HKAS 12 (Amendments)                    Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities
                                                           arising from a Single Transaction
                 HKAS 12 (Amendments)                    International Tax Reform — Pillar Two Model Rules
                 HKFRS 17                                Insurance Contracts
                 HKFRS 17 (Amendments)                   Amendments to HKFRS 17
                 HKFRS 17                                Initial Application of HKFRS 17 and HKFRS 9—
                                                           Comparative Information


                 The Group adopted HKFRS 17 on 1 January 2023 and the transition date is 1 January 2022,
                 hence the comparative figures have been restated. The adoption of HKFRS 17 results in
                 changes in the accounting policies related to recognition, measurement, presentation and
                 disclosure of insurance contracts. The Group has summarised the impact of the adoption of
                 HKFRS 17 on key financial indicators for the comparative period, as disclosed below:




                                                                                                                 207
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  2.   BASIS OF PREPARATION (Continued)
       2.1   Accounting policy and disclosures (Continued)

             (a)   New and amended standards and interpretations adopted by the Group (Continued)


                                                                          Effect of change
                                                         As previously       in accounting
                                                             reported                policy      As restated
                                                            RMB’000              RMB’000           RMB’000


                   As at 31 December 2022
                   Total assets                           190,074,774            (189,133)      189,885,641
                   Total liabilities                       67,772,460            (218,274)       67,554,186
                   Capital and reserves attributable
                    to owners of the Company              113,288,706              15,605       113,304,311


                   For the year ended 31
                     December 2022
                   Operating loss                           (6,667,851)             (7,673)      (6,675,524)
                   Profit for the year attributable to
                     owners of the Company                  7,982,930               (4,513)       7,978,417


                   Other than the above impact, the standards and amendments listed above did not have
                   any impact on the amounts recognised in prior periods and are not expected to significantly
                   affect the current or future periods.




208
                                                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2023




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



2.   BASIS OF PREPARATION (Continued)
     2.1   Accounting policy and disclosures (Continued)

           (b)   New standards, amendments to existing standards and interpretations not yet
                 adopted
                 Certain new accounting standards, amendments to existing standards and interpretations
                 have been published that are not mandatory for 31 December 2023 reporting periods and
                 have not been early adopted by the Group. These standards, amendments and interpretations
                 are not expected to have a material impact on the Group in the current or future reporting
                 periods and on foreseeable future transactions.


                                                                                       Effective for
                 Standards/amendments/          Subject of standards/                  accounting periods
                 interpretations                amendments/interpretations             beginning on or after


                 HKAS 1 (Amendments)            Classification of Liabilities as Current 1 January 2024
                                                  or Non-current
                 HKAS 1 (Amendments)            Non-current Liabilities with             1 January 2024
                                                  Covenants
                 HKAS 7 and HKFRS 7             Supplier finance arrangements            1 January 2024
                  (Amendments)
                 HKAS 16 (Amendments)           Lease Liability in a Sale and          1 January 2024
                                                  Leaseback
                 HKAS 21 (Amendments)           Lack of Exchangeability                1 January 2025
                 Hong Kong Interpretation 5     Presentation of Financial Statements   Applied when an entity
                  (Revised)                       – Classification by the Borrower       applies “HKAS 1
                                                  of a Term Loan that Contains a         (Amendments)”
                                                  Repayment on Demand Clause
                                                  (HK Int 5 (Revised))
                 HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28           Sale or Contribution of Assets         To be determined
                  (Amendments)                    between an Investor and its
                                                  Associate or Joint Venture




                                                                                                                  209
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT
       3.1   Financial risk factors
             The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including foreign exchange
             risk, cash flow and fair value interest rate risk and price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The
             Group’s overall risk management programme focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets
             and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on the Group’s financial performance.

             Risk management is carried out by the Group’s finance department (“Group Finance”) under policies
             approved by the senior management. Group Finance identifies and evaluates financial risks in close
             co-operation with the Group’s operating units.


             3.1.1 Market risk
                   (a)    Foreign exchange risk
                          The Group’s business mainly operates in the PRC with most of the transactions
                          denominated and settled in RMB, except that certain receivables and payables, cash
                          and cash equivalents, restricted cash and time deposits are mainly denominated in US
                          dollar (“USD”) and HK dollar (“HKD”) which are exposed to foreign currency translation
                          risk. The Group had not used any financial instrument to hedge the foreign exchange
                          risk.


                          As at 31 December 2023 and 2022, the Group is not exposed to significant foreign
                          exchange risk.


                   (b)    Cash flow and fair value interest rate risk
                          The Group has no significant interest-bearing assets other than loan receivables,
                          finance lease receivables, entrusted loans (included in other receivables), time deposits,
                          restricted cash, cash and cash equivalents. Except for long-term loan receivables and
                          finance lease receivables, the maturity terms of these assets are within 12 months
                          so that there would not be significant interest rate risk for these financial assets. The
                          interest rate for long-term loan receivables and finance lease receivables is fixed and
                          there would not be significant interest rate risk for these financial assets.




210
                                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                               Annual Report 2023




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
     3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)

           3.1.1 Market risk (Continued)
                (b)   Cash flow and fair value interest rate risk (Continued)
                      The Group’s interest rate risk arises from borrowings. Borrowings issued at variable
                      rates expose the Group to cash flow interest rate risk. Borrowings issued at fixed rates
                      expose the Group to fair value interest rate risk.


                      As at 31 December 2023, the Group’s borrowings at variable rates were denominated
                      in RMB. If interest rates on bank borrowings had been 100 basis point higher/lower
                      respectively with all other variables held constant, post-tax profit would have been
                      approximately RMB119,893,000 (2022: RMB63,324,000) lower/higher, mainly as a
                      result of higher/lower interest expenses on floating rate borrowings.


                      The Group had not used any financial instrument to hedge its exposure to interest
                      rate risk.


                (c)   Price risk
                      The Group’s exposure to price risk arises from equity investment held by the Group and
                      classified in the consolidated balance sheet either as at FVOCI (Note 14) or FVPL (Note
                      15). The Group closely monitors the fluctuation of the price and assesses the impact
                      on the Group’s consolidated statement of comprehensive income. If the price of the
                      equity investment classified as FVOCI had been 1% higher/lower, other comprehensive
                      income (net of tax) for the year ended 31 December 2023 would increase/decrease
                      by approximately RMB5,451,000 (2022: RMB4,586,000). If the price of the equity
                      investment classified as FVPL had been 1% higher/lower, post-tax profit for the year
                      ended 31 December 2023 would increase/decrease by approximately RMB33,360,000
                      (2022: RMB28,314,000).




                                                                                                                     211
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
       3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)

             3.1.2 Credit risk
                   Credit risk arises from deposit with banks, contractual cash flows of debt instruments carried
                   at amortised cost, at fair value through other comprehensive income and at fair value through
                   profit or loss, and trade and other receivables (excluding prepayment and value-added tax
                   recoverable).


                   The Group has three types of financial assets that are subject to the expected credit loss
                   model:

                   •     trade receivables;


                   •     debt investments at amortised cost and FVOCI; and


                   •     other financial assets at amortised cost.


                   While deposit with banks, including time deposits, restricted cash, cash and cash equivalents,
                   are also subject to the impairment requirements of HKFRS 9, identified impairment loss was
                   immaterial.

                   (a)   Trade receivables
                         The Group applies the HKFRS 9 simplified approach to measure expected credit losses
                         which uses a lifetime expected loss allowance for all trade receivables.


                         As at 31 December 2023, the Group assessed that the expected loss rate for trade
                         receivables due from related parties (excluding two joint ventures in liquidation) was
                         immaterial considering their good finance position and credit history. Thus no loss
                         allowance provision for trade receivables from related parties (excluding two joint
                         ventures in liquidation) was recognised in 2023 (31 December 2022: Same).


                         As at 31 December 2023, the Group assessed the expected loss rate for trade
                         receivables from governments in relation to the subsidy of new energy vehicles sold
                         to end users and made an allowance amounting to approximately RMB7,329,000
                         accordingly (31 December 2022: RMB4,114,000).




212
                                                                             Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                              Annual Report 2023




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
     3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)

           3.1.2 Credit risk (Continued)
                (a)   Trade receivables (Continued)
                      As at 31 December 2023 and 2022, the expected loss rate for certain third-party
                      customers and two joint ventures who were in liquidation or financial difficulties are
                      assessed specifically by the directors as follows:


                                                                             As at                    As at
                                                                      31 December              31 December
                                                                             2023                     2022


                      Expected loss rate                                    94.38%                   92.46%
                      Gross carrying amount (RMB’000)                       395,799                  404,122
                      Loss allowance provision (RMB’000)                    373,570                  373,645


                      As at 31 December 2023 and 2022, the loss allowance provision for the trade receivables
                      due from third parties was determined as follows. The expected credit losses below
                      also incorporated forward looking information.




                                                                                                                213
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
       3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)

             3.1.2 Credit risk (Continued)
                  (a)   Trade receivables (Continued)


                                                                         Between    Between    Between    Between
                                                               Within     1 and 2    2 and 3    3 and 4    4 and 5       Over
                                                               1 year       years      years      years      years    5 years       Total


                        Trade receivables (excluding
                           trade receivables due
                           from related parties, trade
                           receivables due from
                           government and trade
                           receivables subject to specific
                           expected loss rate)
                        At 31 December 2023
                        Gross carrying amount (RMB’000)      2,300,637    198,058     10,859      4,501      8,267    133,359   2,655,681
                        Expected loss rate                      0.05%      6.37%     19.21%     69.40%    100.00%    100.00%


                        Loss allowance provision (RMB’000)      1,176      12,616      2,086      3,123      8,267   133,359     160,627


                                                                         Between    Between    Between    Between
                                                                Within    1 and 2    2 and 3    3 and 4    4 and 5     Over 5
                                                                1 year      years      years      years      years      years       Total


                        Trade receivables (excluding
                           trade receivables due
                           from related parties, trade
                           receivables due from
                           government and trade
                           receivables subject to specific
                           expected loss rate)
                        At 31 December 2022
                        Gross carrying amount (RMB’000)      1,804,289    104,035     82,573      8,323        359   137,055    2,136,634
                        Expected loss rate                      0.03%      6.85%     27.70%     50.05%     96.41%    96.41%


                        Loss allowance provision (RMB’000)        475       7,126     22,873      4,166       346    132,135     167,121

214
                                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                Annual Report 2023




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
     3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)

           3.1.2 Credit risk (Continued)
                (b)   Debt investments at amortised cost and FVOCI
                      All of the Group’s debt investments at amortised cost and FVOCI are considered to
                      have low credit risk, and the loss allowance recognised during the period was therefore
                      limited to 12 months expected losses.


                      The Group expects that there is no significant credit risk associated with debt
                      investments at amortised cost and FVOCI since the Group furnishes investment
                      mandates to commercial banks, trust companies and asset management companies.
                      These mandates require them to invest in such debt investments with high market
                      credit rating, liquidity and stable return. Management does not expect that there will
                      be any significant losses from non-performance by these counterparties.


                (c)   Debt investments at FVPL
                      The Group is also exposed to credit risk in relation to debt investments that are measured
                      at fair value through profit or loss.The maximum exposure as at 31 December 2023 is the
                      carrying amount of these investments, amounting to approximately RMB957,539,000
                      (31 December 2022: RMB2,765,616,000).

                (d)   Other financial assets at amortised cost
                      The Group applies the general approach to provide for expected credit loss of other
                      financial assets measured at amortised cost including notes receivable, entrusted loans,
                      finance lease receivables, loan receivables, dividend receivable and other receivables
                      under HKFRS 9.




                                                                                                                  215
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
       3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)

             3.1.2 Credit risk (Continued)
                  (d)   Other financial assets at amortised cost (Continued)
                        Except for certain long aging receivables for which the debtors failed to make demanded
                        repayment and the Group has made specific provision on a case-by-case basis, the
                        expected credit loss provision for the financial assets included in the above balances
                        is based on the 12-month expected credit loss. It is the portion of lifetime expected
                        credit loss that results from default events on a financial instrument that are possible
                        within 12 months after the reporting date. However, when there has been a significant
                        increase in credit risk since origination, the allowance will be based on the lifetime
                        expected credit loss. In calculating the expected credit loss rates, the Group considers
                        historical loss rates for each category of receivables and adjusts for forward looking
                        macroeconomic data, including real GDP, current account balance, nominal retail sales
                        growth rate and exchange rate. As at 31 December 2023 and 2022, except for certain
                        default receivables, management considers that the expected credit loss is immaterial.


                        The Group considers the probability of default upon initial recognition of asset and
                        whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk on an ongoing basis
                        throughout each reporting period. To assess whether there is a significant increase in
                        credit risk the Group compares the risk of a default occurring on the asset as at the
                        reporting date with the risk of default as at the date of initial recognition. It considers
                        available reasonable and supportive forwarding-looking information. Especially the
                        following indicators are incorporated:




216
                                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                               Annual Report 2023




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
     3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)

           3.1.2 Credit risk (Continued)
                (d)   Other financial assets at amortised cost (Continued)
                      •    internal credit rating


                      •     external credit rating (as far as available)


                      •     actual or expected significant adverse changes in business, financial or economic
                            conditions that are expected to cause a significant change to the debtor’s ability
                            to meet its obligations


                      •     actual or expected significant changes in the operating results of the debtor


                      •     significant increases in credit risk on other financial instruments of the same
                            debtor


                      •     significant changes in the value of the collateral supporting the obligation or in
                            the quality of third-party guarantees or credit enhancements


                      •     significant changes in the expected performance and behavior of the debtor,
                            including changes in the payment status of debtors in the Group and changes
                            in the operating results of the borrower.


                      Macroeconomic information (such as market interest rates or growth rates) is incorporated
                      as part of the internal rating model.




                                                                                                                 217
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
       3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)

             3.1.2 Credit risk (Continued)
                  (e)   A summary of the assumptions underpinning the Group’s expected credit loss
                        model is as follows:


                        Category              Group definition of category                 Basis for recognition of
                                                                                            expected credit loss
                                                                                            provision


                        Performing            Customers have a low risk of default and     12 month expected losses.
                                               a strong capacity to meet contractual          Where the expected
                                               cash flows                                     lifetime of an asset is less
                                                                                              than 12 months, expected
                                                                                              losses are measured at its
                                                                                              expected lifetime.
                        Underperforming       Receivables for which there is a             Lifetime expected losses
                                                 significant increase in credit risk; as
                                                 significant increase in credit risk is
                                                 presumed if interest and/or principal
                                                 repayments are 180 days past due
                        Non-performing        Interest and/or principal repayments are     Lifetime expected losses
                                                 365 days past due
                        Write-off             Interest and/or principal repayments         Asset is written off
                                                 are over 365 days past due and
                                                 there is no reasonable expectation
                                                 of recovery.

                        As at 31 December 2023, the Group has assessed that the expected loss rate
                        for other receivables from related parties (excluding loan receivables, finance lease
                        receivables and receivables due from two joint ventures in liquidation) was immaterial
                        considering the good finance position and credit history of the related parties. Thus
                        no loss allowance provision for other receivables from related parties (excluding loan
                        receivables, finance lease receivables and receivables due from two joint ventures in
                        liquidation) was recognised in 2023 (31 December 2022: Same).




218
                                                                             Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                               Annual Report 2023




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
     3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)

           3.1.2 Credit risk (Continued)
                (f)   As at 31 December 2022 and 2023, the loss allowance provision for trade
                      receivables, current and long-term other receivables reconciled to the opening
                      loss allowance for that provision as follows:


                                                                        Other          Other
                                                        Trade     receivables      long-term
                                                  receivables        (current)   receivables          Total
                                                    RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000


                      At 1 January 2022              292,940          436,408        135,944          865,292
                      Provision for loss
                        allowance recognised in
                        profit or loss               251,939          120,822        254,963          627,724


                      At 31 December 2022            544,879          557,230        390,907        1,493,016
                      Provision for loss
                        allowance (reversed)/
                        recognised in profit or
                        loss                           (3,278)         52,520        406,660          455,902
                      Write-off in the year                (75)             –       (168,761)        (168,836)


                      At 31 December 2023            541,526          609,750        628,806        1,780,082




                                                                                                                 219
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
       3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)

             3.1.3 Liquidity risk
                   Prudent liquidity risk management includes maintaining sufficient cash and cash equivalents,
                   the availability of funding from an adequate amount of committed credit facilities and the
                   ability to close out market positions. Due to the dynamic nature of the underlying businesses,
                   the Group’s finance team maintains flexibility in funding by maintaining availability under
                   committed credit lines.


                   Management monitors the Group’s time deposits (Note 19) and cash and cash equivalents
                   (Note 21) on the basis of expected cash flow.

                   The tables below analyses the Group’s financial liabilities into relevant maturity groupings
                   based on the remaining period at the consolidated balance sheet date to the contractual
                   maturity date. The amounts disclosed in the table are the contractual undiscounted cash flows.


                                                                       Between     Between
                                                          Less than     1 and 2     2 and 5        Over
                                                             1 year       years       years     5 years     Total
                                                           RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000


                   As at 31 December 2023
                   Borrowings                             18,353,224   5,814,547   4,809,473    247,213 29,224,457
                   Trade and other payables (excluding
                     employee benefits payable, other
                     taxes, government grants and taxes
                     related to contract liabilities)     50,159,962    403,548     708,415     200,588 51,472,513
                   Lease liabilities                         578,094    358,092     749,475     664,467 2,350,128


                   As at 31 December 2022
                   Borrowings                             14,268,490   2,693,941   3,147,385    208,407 20,318,223
                   Trade and other payables (excluding
                     employee benefits payable, other
                     taxes, government grants and taxes
                     related to contract liabilities)     35,804,779    399,001     195,160      77,169 36,476,109
                   Lease liabilities                         349,330    296,316     614,279     628,407 1,888,332


220
                                                                                   Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2023




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
     3.2   Capital management
           The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as
           a going concern in order to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders
           and to maintain an optimal capital structure to reduce the cost of capital.


           Consistent with others in the industry, the Group monitors capital on the basis of the gearing ratio.
           This ratio is calculated as net debt divided by total capital. Net debt is calculated as total borrowings
           and lease liabilities (including current and non-current as shown in the consolidated balance sheet)
           less time deposits, restricted cash and cash and cash equivalents. Total capital is calculated as
           total equity plus net debt.


           The gearing ratios as at 31 December 2023 and 2022 were as follows:


                                                                                   As at 31 December
                                                                                      2023            2022
                                                                                   RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                                                 (Restated)


           Total borrowings (Note 26)                                             28,115,923            19,510,111
           Total lease liabilities (Note 8)                                        1,934,460              1,574,241
           Less: time deposits (Note 19)                                          (6,825,347)            (3,325,724)
                  restricted cash (Note 20)                                       (2,838,783)            (1,976,589)
                  cash and cash equivalents (Note 21)                            (39,522,331)          (34,222,113)


           Net credit                                                           (19,136,078)           (18,440,074)
           Total equity                                                         124,453,812           122,331,455


           Total capital                                                        105,317,734           103,891,381


                                                                             Not applicable
           Gearing ratio                                                            (“N/A”)                      N/A


           As at 31 December 2023 and 2022, the Group’s total borrowings and lease liabilities are less than
           the total of time deposits, restricted cash and cash and cash equivalents, and therefore the Group
           is subject to a net credit position.


                                                                                                                       221
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
       3.3   Fair value estimation
             The Group’s financial instruments recognised in the consolidated balance sheet are mainly loans
             and receivables, FVPL, FVOCI and financial liabilities carried at amortised cost. The carrying value
             less impairment provision of trade receivables and payables are a reasonable approximation of their
             fair values. The fair value of financial liabilities for disclosure purposes is estimated by discounting
             the future contractual cash flows at the current market interest rate that is available to the Group
             for similar financial instruments.


             The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market is determined by using
             valuation techniques. The Group uses a variety of methods and makes assumptions that are based
             on market conditions existing at the balance sheet date, such as estimated discounted cash flows.


             The table below analyses financial instruments carried at fair value, by valuation method The different
             levels have been defined as follows:


             •     Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (level 1).


             •     Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the asset or
                   liability, either directly (that is, as prices) or indirectly (that is, derived from prices) (level 2).


             •     Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (that is,
                   unobservable inputs) (level 3).




222
                                                                                  Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
     3.3   Fair value estimation (Continued)
           The following table presents the Group’s assets that are measured at fair value at 31 December 2023.


                                                                   Level 1     Level 2       Level 3         Total
                                                                  RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                   Note (a)    Note (b)      Note (c)


           Financial assets at fair value through other
              comprehensive income and financial assets at fair
              value through profit or loss
              – Bond investments                                  6,200,886           –             –     6,200,886
              – Fund investments                                          –   1,555,268             –     1,555,268
              – Financial products                                        –           –     2,946,114     2,946,114
              – Stocks                                            1,077,291           –             –     1,077,291
              – Other equity investments                                  –           –     1,777,338     1,777,338
              – Others                                                    –     513,664     1,812,480     2,326,144


                                                                  7,278,177   2,068,932     6,535,932    15,883,041


           The following table presents the Group’s assets that are measured at fair value at 31 December 2022.


                                                                   Level 1     Level 2       Level 3         Total
                                                                  RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                   Note (a)    Note (b)      Note (c)


           Financial assets at fair value through other
              comprehensive income and financial assets at fair
              value through profit or loss
              – Bond investments                                  4,777,975           –             –     4,777,975
              – Fund investments                                          –   1,510,928             –     1,510,928
              – Financial products                                        –           –     2,547,124     2,547,124
              – Stocks                                              739,767           –             –       739,767
              – Other equity investments                                  –           –     1,471,849     1,471,849
              – Others                                                    –     512,317       632,301     1,144,618


                                                                  5,517,742   2,023,245     4,651,274    12,192,261
                                                                                                                      223
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
       3.3   Fair value estimation (Continued)

             (a)   Financial instruments in level 1
                   The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets is based on quoted market
                   prices at the balance sheet date. A market is regarded as active if quoted prices are readily
                   and regularly available from an exchange, dealer, broker, industry group, pricing service,
                   or regulatory agency, and those prices represent actual and regularly occurring market
                   transactions on an arm’s length basis. The quoted market price used for the financial assets
                   included in level 1 held by the Group is the current bid price.


                   There were no significant transfers of financial assets between level 1 and level 2 fair value
                   hierarchy classifications.


             (b)   Financial instruments in level 2
                   The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market is determined
                   by using valuation techniques. These valuation techniques maximise the use of observable
                   market data where it is available and rely as little as possible on entity specific estimates.
                   If all significant inputs required to fair value an instrument are observable, the instrument is
                   included in level 2.


                   If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instrument
                   is included in level 3.


                   Specific valuation techniques used to value financial instruments include:


                   •     Quoted market prices or dealer quotes for similar instruments.


                   •     Other techniques, such as discounted cash flow analysis, are used to determine fair
                         value for the remaining financial instruments.




224
                                                                                        Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2023




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
     3.3   Fair value estimation (Continued)

           (c)   Financial instruments in level 3
                 The following table presents the changes in level 3 instruments for the year ended 31
                 December 2022 and 2023.


                                                                Other equity     Financial
                                                                investments      products         Others           Total
                                                                   RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000


                 Opening balance as at 1 January 2022               942,552     1,156,634         758,873       2,858,059
                 Acquisitions                                       616,669     1,863,942      15,654,941      18,135,552
                 (Losses)/gains for the period recognised in
                   profit or loss                                    (36,746)      13,629           1,340           (21,777)
                 Disposal                                            (50,626)    (487,081)    (15,782,853)     (16,320,560)


                 Closing balance as at
                   31 December 2022                                1,471,849    2,547,124         632,301       4,651,274


                 Acquisitions                                       300,607     2,814,545      30,076,660      33,191,812
                 Gains for the period recognised in profit
                   or loss                                            59,927        21,978              –           81,905
                 Disposal                                            (55,045)   (2,437,533)   (28,896,481)     (31,389,059)


                 Closing balance as
                   at 31 December 2023                             1,777,338    2,946,114       1,812,480       6,535,932


                 Includes unrealised gains or (losses)
                    recognised in profit or loss attributable
                    to balances held at the end of the
                    reporting period
                 2023                                                 59,057       (11,000)              –          48,057
                 2022                                                (22,969)       16,199               –           (6,770)




                                                                                                                               225
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
       3.3   Fair value estimation (Continued)

             (c)   Financial instruments in level 3 (continued)
                   Quantitative information about fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs
                   (level 3) is as follow:


                                                            Fair value at
                                                           31 December                                                                     Range
                                                                    2023                                                                (weighted
                                                                RMB’000     Valuation technique(s)   Unobservable input                  average)


                   – Financial products                        2,716,522    Discounted cash flow     Discount rate                   2.60%~3.30%
                                                                 229,592    Summation method         Value of each asset/liability            N/A
                   – Other equity investments (Note (i))       1,777,338    Summation method         Value of each asset/liability            N/A
                   – Unlisted notes receivable                 1,812,480    Discounted cash flow     Discount rate                   0.60%~2.30%


                                                            Fair value at
                                                           31 December                                                                     Range
                                                                    2022                                                                (weighted
                                                                RMB’000     Valuation technique(s)   Unobservable input                  average)


                   – Financial products                        1,197,090    Discounted cash flow     Discount rate                         3.30%
                                                               1,350,034    Summation method         Value of each asset/liability            N/A
                   – Other equity investments (Note (i))       1,471,849    Summation method         Value of each asset/liability            N/A
                   – Unlisted notes receivable                   632,301    Discounted cash flow     Discount rate                   1.20%~3.19%


                   (i)       Other equity investments in level 3 represent the Group’s investment in interest of non-listed company.




226
                                                                                 Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



4.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS
     Estimates and judgements are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other
     factors, including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.


     The Group makes estimates and assumptions concerning the future. The resulting accounting estimates
     will, by definition, seldom equal the related actual results. The estimates and assumptions that have a
     significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within
     the next financial year are addressed below.


     (a)   Current and deferred income taxes
           The Group is subject to income taxes in the PRC. There are certain transactions and calculations
           for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain during the ordinary course of business. Where
           the final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts that were initially recorded,
           such differences will impact the income tax and deferred tax provisions in the period in which such
           determination is made.


           Deferred income tax assets relating to certain temporary differences and tax losses are recognised
           when management considers it is likely that future taxable profits will be available against which
           temporary differences or tax losses can be utilised. When the expectations are different from the
           original estimates, such differences will impact the recognition of deferred tax assets and income
           tax charges in the period in which such estimates are changed.


     (b)   Impairment of property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and right-of-use assets
           Property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and right-of-use assets are reviewed for impairment
           whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be
           recoverable. Construction in progress and intangible assets not ready to use – not subject to
           amortisation, are tested annually for impairment. The recoverable amounts have been determined
           based on value-in-use calculations or market valuations. These calculations require the use of
           judgements and estimates.




                                                                                                                    227
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  4.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS (Continued)
       (b)   Impairment of property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and right-of-use assets
             (Continued)
             Management judgement is required in the area of asset impairment particularly in assessing: (i)
             whether an event has occurred that may indicate that the related asset value may not be recoverable;
             (ii) whether the carrying value of an asset can be supported by the recoverable amount, being the
             higher of fair value less cost of disposal or net present value of future cash flows which are estimated
             based upon the continued use of the asset in the business; (iii) details of further development of the
             CGU or segment, such as business plan and contracts with new customers in the coming year and
             their impact on the revenue and margins; and (iv) the appropriate key assumptions to be applied in
             preparing cash flow projections including whether these cash flow projections are discounted using
             an appropriate rate. Changing the assumptions selected by management in assessing impairment,
             including the discount rates or the growth rate assumptions in the cash flow projections, could
             materially affect the net present value in the impairment test and as a result affect the Group’s
             financial condition and results of operations. If there is a significant adverse change in the projected
             performance and resulting future cash flow projections, it may be necessary to take an impairment
             charge to the consolidated statement of comprehensive income.


       (c)   Impairment of goodwill
             The Group tests annually whether goodwill has suffered any impairment, which is in accordance with
             the accounting policy stated in Note 45.8. The recoverable amounts of CGUs have been determined
             based on fair value less cost of disposal estimated using the discounted cash flow method. These
             calculations require the use of estimates.


       (d)   Impairment of investments in joint ventures and associates
             The Group determines at each reporting date whether there is any objective evidence that the
             investments in the joint ventures and associates are impaired. If this is the case, the Group calculates
             the amount of impairment as the difference between the recoverable amounts of the joint ventures
             and associates and their carrying value. The respective recoverable amounts of investments are
             determined with reference to the higher of fair value less cost of disposal and value-in-use.




228
                                                                                 Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



4.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS (Continued)
     (e)   Warranty provisions
           Provision for product warranties granted by the Group in respect of certain products are recognised
           based on sales volume and past experience of the level of repair and returns, discounted to their
           present values as appropriate.


     (f)   Impairment of trade and other receivables
           The Group makes allowances on trade and other receivables based on assumptions about risk
           of default and expected loss rates. The Group used judgment in making these assumptions and
           selecting the inputs to the impairment calculation, based on the Group’s past history, existing market
           conditions as well as forward looking estimates at the end of each reporting period.


           Where the expectation is different from the original estimate, such difference will impact the carrying
           amount of trade and other receivables and doubtful debt expenses in the periods in which such
           estimate has been changed. For details of the key assumptions and inputs used, see Note 3.1 above.


     (g)   Impairment of inventory
           The management of the Group assesses on the net realisable value of inventory at each reporting
           date based on the accounting policies stated in Note 17(a). The net realisable value is the estimated
           selling price in the current course of business, less applicable costs, variable selling expenses and
           tax charges. Even though the management of the Group has made the best estimate about the
           inventory impairment loss predicted to occur and provided allowance for impairment, the impairment
           assessment may still be significantly changed due to the change of market situations.


     (h)   Estimation of the fair value of certain financial assets
           The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market is determined using
           valuation techniques. The Group uses its judgement to select a variety of methods and make
           assumptions that are mainly based on market conditions existing at the end of each reporting
           period. For details of the key assumptions used and the impact of changes to these assumptions
           see Note 3.3 above.




                                                                                                                    229
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  4.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS (Continued)
       (i)   Classification of financial assets
             The judgments in determining the classification of financial assets include the analysis of business
             models and the characteristics of contractual cash flows. An entity’s business model refers to how
             an entity manages its financial assets in order to generate cash flows. That is, the entity’s business
             model determines whether cash flows are arising from collecting contractual cash flows, selling
             financial assets or both.

             The business model of managing financial assets is not determined by a single factor or activity.
             Instead, the entity should consider all relevant evidence available when making the assessment.
             Relevant evidence mainly includes, but not limited to, how the cash flow of the Group of assets is
             collected, how the performance of the Group of assets is reported to key management personnel,
             and how the risk of Group of assets is being assessed and managed. The contractual cash flows
             characteristics of financial assets refer to the cash flow attributes of the financial assets reflecting
             the economic characteristics of the relevant financial assets (i.e. whether the contractual cash flows
             generated by the relevant financial assets on a specified date solely represents the payments of
             principal and interest). The principal amount refers to the fair value of the financial asset at initial
             recognition. The principal amount may change throughout the lifetime of the financial assets due
             to prepayment or other reasons. The interest includes the time value of money, the credit risk
             associated with the outstanding principal amount for a specific period, other basic lending credit
             risks, and the consideration of costs and profits.


       (j)   Estimation of the value of defined benefits obligation
             The present value of the pension obligations depends on a number of factors that are determined
             on an actuarial basis using a number of assumptions. Any changes in these assumptions will impact
             the carrying amount of pension obligations.


             Details of key assumptions and impact of possible changes in key assumptions are disclosed in
             Note 30.




230
                                                                                                          Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2023




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



5.   PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURES AND
     ASSOCIATES
     As at 31 December 2023, particulars of principal subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates are as follows:


                                      Place of                                                                       Particulars of
                                                                                                                                          Interest held
                                      incorporation and                                                         registered capital/
     Name                             operations        Legal status          Principal activities            issued share capital       Direct   Indirect


     Subsidiaries


     Urtrust Insurance Co., Ltd.      Mainland China    Joint stock company Provision of automotive             RMB2,268,750,000          27%         26%
     眾誠汽車保險股份有限公司                                          with limited liability insurance services


     GAC Motor Co., Ltd.              Mainland China    Limited liability     Manufacture and sale of          RMB16,006,735,703         100%             –
     廣汽乘用車有限公司                                             company              automobiles


     Guangzhou Automobile Group       Mainland China    Limited liability     Manufacture and sale of           RMB1,478,910,000          51%         49%
       Component Co., Ltd.                                 company              automotive parts
     廣汽零部件有限公司


     Guangzhou Automobile Group       Mainland China    Limited liability     Trading of automobiles,           RMB3,921,012,000         100%             –
       Business Co., Ltd.                                  company               automotive parts and steel
     廣汽商貿有限公司


     GAC Motor (Hangzhou) Co., Ltd.   Mainland China    Limited liability     Manufacture and sale of           RMB4,231,280,000             –        51%
     廣汽乘用車(杭州)有限公司                                         company              automobiles


     GAC Capital Co., Ltd.            Mainland China    Limited liability     Investment and investment         RMB2,318,289,000         100%             –
     廣汽資本有限公司                                              company               management


     GAC Finance Co., Ltd.            Mainland China    Limited liability     Financial services                RMB2,000,000,000          90%         10%
     廣州汽車集團財務有限公司                                          company


     GAC AION New Energy Automobile   Mainland China    Joint stock company Manufacture and sale of             RMB7,803,388,361          65%         12%
       Co., Ltd.                                           with limited liability automobiles
     廣汽埃安新能源汽車股份有限公司




                                                                                                                                                              231
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  5.   PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURES AND
       ASSOCIATES (Continued)
       As at 31 December 2023, particulars of principal subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates are as follows
       (continued):


                                                                                                                        Particulars of    Interest held
                                                    Place of incorporation                                         registered capital/
       Name                                         and operations           Principal activities                issued share capital    Direct      Indirect


       Joint ventures


       GAC Honda Automobile Co., Ltd. (“GAC Honda”) Mainland China           Manufacture and sale of                 USD541,000,000       50%              –
       廣汽本田汽車有限公司                                                              automobile and automotive
                                                                               parts


       GAC Toyota Motor Co., Ltd. (“GAC Toyota”)    Mainland China           Manufacture and sale of               USD1,333,896,100       50%              –
       廣汽豐田汽車有限公司                                                              automobile and automotive
                                                                               parts


       GAC-SOFINCO Automobile Finance Co., Ltd.     Mainland China           Provision of automotive financing     RMB3,000,000,000       50%              –
         (“GAC-SOFINCO”)                                                        services
       廣汽匯理汽車金融有限公司


       Wuyang-Honda Motors (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd.    Mainland China           Manufacture and sale of                  USD49,000,000       50%              –
         (“Wuyang-Honda”)                                                      motorcycle and motorcycle
       五羊-本田摩托(廣州)有限公司                                                         parts




232
                                                                                                         Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                             Annual Report 2023




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



5.   PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURES AND
     ASSOCIATES (Continued)
     As at 31 December 2023, particulars of principal subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates are as follows
     (continued):


                                                                                                            Particulars of     Interest held
                                                  Place of incorporation                               registered capital/
     Name                                         and operations           Principal activities      issued share capital     Direct      Indirect


     Associates


     GAC Toyota Engine Co., Ltd.                  Mainland China           Manufacture and sale of       USD670,940,000        30%               –
     廣汽豐田發動機有限公司                                                             automotive parts


     Shanghai Hino Engine Co., Ltd.               Mainland China           Manufacture and sale of        USD29,980,000        30%               –
     上海日野發動機有限公司                                                             automotive parts


     Guangzhou TS Automotive Interior Systems     Mainland China           Manufacture and sale of          USD3,860,000          –            48%
       Co., Ltd.                                                             automotive parts
     廣州提愛思汽車內飾系統有限公司


     Guangzhou Intex Automotive Interior Parts    Mainland China           Manufacture and sale of        USD22,500,000           –            25%
       Co., Ltd.                                                             automotive parts
     廣州櫻泰汽車飾件有限公司


     Guangzhou Stanley Electric Company Limited   Mainland China           Manufacture and sale of        USD44,700,000           –            30%
     廣州斯坦雷電氣有限公司                                                             automotive parts


     Guangzhou Denso Co., Ltd.                    Mainland China           Manufacture and sale of        USD23,022,409           –            40%
     廣州電裝有限公司                                                                automotive parts




                                                                                                                                                     233
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  6.   SEGMENT INFORMATION
       The chief operating decision-maker has been identified as the executive directors. The executive directors
       review the Group’s internal reporting in order to assess performance and allocate resources. Management
       has determined the operating segments based on these reports.


       For management purpose, the executive directors considered the nature of the Group’s products and
       services and determined that the Group has two reportable segments as follows:


       Vehicles and related operations segment – production and sale of a variety of passenger vehicles,
       commercial vehicles, automotive parts and related operations.


       Others – mainly production and sale of motorcycles, automobile finance and insurance, other financing
       services and investing business.


       Sales between segments are carried out on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm’s length
       transactions. The revenue from external parties reported to the executive directors is measured in a
       manner consistent with that in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income.


       For the year ended 31 December 2023 and 2022, no revenue from transactions with any single external
       customer counted to 10% or more of the Group’s total revenue.




234
                                                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                Annual Report 2023




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



6.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
     The segment results for the year ended 31 December 2023 and other segment items included in the
     consolidated statement of comprehensive income are as follows:


                                                               Vehicles
                                                            and related
                                                             operations     Others      Eliminations   Unallocated    Consolidated
                                                              RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000


     Total gross segment revenue                            126,825,795    3,620,312       (739,940)             –     129,706,167
     Inter-segment revenue                                     (313,302)    (426,638)       739,940              –               –


     Revenue (from external customers)                      126,512,493    3,193,674              –              –     129,706,167


     Segment results                                         (4,805,647)    295,903        (150,907)             –      (4,660,651)
     Unallocated income – Interest income of headquarters             –           –               –        141,544         141,544
     Unallocated costs – Expenditure of headquarters                  –           –               –       (322,871)       (322,871)


     Operating loss                                                                                                     (4,841,978)
     Finance costs                                             (430,026)     (7,887)              –        (29,410)       (467,323)
     Interest income                                            426,382      21,430               –         37,181         484,993
     Share of net profit of joint ventures and associates
        accounted for using the equity method                 7,791,887     557,119               –              –       8,349,006


     Profit before income tax                                                                                            3,524,698
     Income tax credit/(expense)                                253,153      (34,259)             –         (3,431)        215,463


     Profit for the year                                                                                                 3,740,161


     Other segment information
     Depreciation and amortisation                            7,102,119      52,519               –        139,721       7,294,359
     Net impairment losses on financial assets                  341,270     114,632               –              –         455,902
     Impairment charges of inventories                          290,868           –               –              –         290,868
     Impairment charges of property, plant and equipment        140,430           –               –              –         140,430
     Impairment charges of intangible assets                    855,047           –               –         72,239         927,286



                                                                                                                                      235
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  6.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
       The segment assets and liabilities as at 31 December 2023 and additions to non-current assets (other
       than investments in joint ventures and associates, deferred tax assets, FVPL, FVOCI and other long-term
       receivables) for the year then ended are as follows:


                                                Vehicles
                                             and related
                                              operations     Others     Eliminations    Unallocated   Consolidated
                                               RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000


       Total assets                          169,042,390   62,455,935    (64,396,581)    51,347,026    218,448,770
       Total assets include:
       Investments in joint ventures and
          associates                          30,424,304    6,735,564              –              –     37,159,868


       Total liabilities                      98,928,387   48,469,682    (61,044,223)     7,641,112     93,994,958


       Additions to non-current assets
         (other than investments in joint
         ventures and associates, deferred
         tax assets, FVPL, FVOCI and other
         long-term receivables)               18,384,468     100,257               –              –     18,484,725




236
                                                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                Annual Report 2023




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



6.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
     The segment results for the year ended 31 December 2022 and other segment items included in the
     consolidated statement of comprehensive income are as follows:


                                                                Vehicles
                                                             and related
                                                              operations      Others     Eliminations   Unallocated    Consolidated
                                                               RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                           (Restated)                                    (Restated)


     Total gross segment revenue                            106,771,696    4,203,146       (702,919)              –    110,271,923
     Inter-segment revenue                                     (336,229)    (366,690)       702,919               –              –


     Revenue (from external customers)                      106,435,467    3,836,456               –              –    110,271,923


     Segment results                                         (5,895,702)    312,412          (76,523)            –       (5,659,813)
     Unallocated income – Interest income of headquarters             –           –                –        35,026           35,026
     Unallocated costs – Expenditure of headquarters                  –           –                –    (1,050,737)      (1,050,737)


     Operating loss                                                                                                      (6,675,524)
     Finance costs                                             (272,553)       (8,309)             –        (70,919)       (351,781)
     Interest income                                            170,236       12,771               –       147,513          330,520
     Share of net profit of joint ventures and associates
        accounted for using the equity method                13,397,583     667,576                –              –     14,065,159


     Profit before income tax                                                                                            7,368,374
     Income tax credit/(expense)                                588,442      (45,179)              –         (7,723)       535,540


     Profit for the year                                                                                                 7,903,914


     Other segment information
     Depreciation and amortisation                            6,548,644       52,148               –        88,971       6,689,763
     Net impairment losses on financial assets                  572,080       55,644               –             –         627,724
     Impairment charges of investment in a joint venture      1,506,000            –               –             –       1,506,000
     Impairment charges of inventories                          254,468            –               –             –         254,468
     Impairment charges of property, plant and equipment        141,613            –               –             –         141,613
     Impairment charges of intangible assets                  1,090,605            –               –             –       1,090,605
                                                                                                                                       237
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  6.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
       The segment assets and liabilities as at 31 December 2022 and additions to non-current assets (other
       than investments in joint ventures and associates, deferred tax assets, FVPL, FVOCI and other long-term
       receivables) for the year then ended are as follows:


                                                 Vehicles
                                              and related
                                               operations       Others    Eliminations   Unallocated   Consolidated
                                                RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                             (Restated)                                  (Restated)


       Total assets                          143,769,818    55,888,395    (57,994,293)   48,221,721    189,885,641
       Total assets include:
       Investments in joint ventures and
          associates                          33,197,871     4,612,908              –             –     37,810,779


       Total liabilities                      69,235,885    44,744,899    (56,557,123)   10,130,525     67,554,186


       Additions to non-current assets
         (other than investments in joint
         ventures and associates, deferred
         tax assets, FVPL, FVOCI and other
         long-term receivables)               10,269,205        90,049              –             –     10,359,254




238
                                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                Annual Report 2023




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



6.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
     Revenue from external customers by geographical location is as follows:


                                                                           Year ended 31 December
                                                                                 2023            2022
                                                                             RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                                            (Restated)


     Mainland China                                                        124,184,844            107,142,788
     Overseas                                                                5,521,323              3,129,135


                                                                           129,706,167            110,271,923


     Non-current assets (other than Investments in joint ventures and associates, deferred tax assets, FVPL,
     FVOCI and other long-term receivables) located by geographical location are as follows:


                                                                           Year ended 31 December
                                                                                 2023           2022
                                                                             RMB’000         RMB’000


     Mainland China                                                         52,187,651              44,023,726
     Overseas                                                                  415,508                 200,064


                                                                            52,603,159              44,223,790




                                                                                                                  239
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  6.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
       Analysis of revenue by category:


                                                                                           Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                 2023            2022
                                                                                             RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                                                            (Restated)


       Recognised at a point in time
       Sales of vehicles and related products                                              118,607,920       99,884,075


       Recognised over time
       Maintenance, transportation and other services                                         5,535,507       5,990,628


       Revenue under HKFRS 15                                                              124,143,427      105,874,703


       Revenue from other sources (Note (i))                                                  5,562,740       4,397,220


                                                                                           129,706,167      110,271,923

       (i)   Revenue from other sources includes insurance services, financing services and lease income.



       (a)   Contract liabilities
             The Group has recognised the following revenue-related contract liabilities:


                                                                                               As at 31 December
                                                                                                  2023           2022
                                                                                               RMB’000        RMB’000


             Contract liabilities
              – Related parties                                                                 152,014          80,808
              – Third parties                                                                 2,494,207       1,944,074


                                                                                              2,646,221       2,024,882




240
                                                                                  Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



6.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
     (a)   Contract liabilities (Continued)

           (i)     Significant changes in contract liabilities
                   Contract liabilities of the Group mainly arise from the advance payments made by customers
                   while the underlying services are yet to be provided or the vehicles and related products
                   are yet to be delivered. The increase in contract liabilities was mainly due to the increase of
                   sales orders.


           (ii)    Revenue recognised in relation to contract liabilities
                   The following table shows how much of the revenue recognised in the current reporting
                   period relates to carried-forward contract liabilities.


                                                                               Year ended 31 December
                                                                                     2023           2022
                                                                                 RMB’000         RMB’000


                   Revenue recognised that was included in the
                    balance of contract liabilities at the beginning of
                    the year
                    – Related parties                                                80,808               273,540
                    – Third parties                                               1,862,350             2,353,362


                                                                                  1,943,158             2,626,902



           (iii)   Unsatisfied performance obligations
                   For the services the Group rendered, they are rendered in short period of time, which is
                   generally less than a year, and the Group has elected the practical expedient for not to
                   disclose the remaining performance obligations for these type of contracts.




                                                                                                                     241
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  6.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
       (b)   Accounting policies of revenue recognition
             The Group manufactures and sells a range of passenger vehicles, commercial vehicles, engines and
             automotive parts to its customers. Sales revenue are recognised when control of the goods has
             transferred to the customers and there is no unfulfilled obligation that could affect the customer’s
             acceptance of the products.

             Sales revenue are recorded based on the price stated in the sales contracts, net of the sales
             rebates and discounts.


             Revenue from provision of services, primarily comprising transportation services, repair and
             maintenance services and optional warranty, etc., is recognised in the accounting period in which
             the services are rendered as the customers simultaneously receive and consume the benefits
             provided by the Group’s performance when the Group performs.


             In multiple element arrangements, the transaction price is allocated to the different performance
             obligations of the contract on the basis of relative standalone selling prices. If the stand-alone selling
             prices are not directly observable, they are estimated based on expected cost plus a margin or
             adjusted market assessment approach, depending on the availability of observable information.


             A contract asset is the Group’s right to consideration in exchange for goods or services that the
             entity has transferred to the customer. A contract asset becomes a receivable when the entity’s
             right to consideration is unconditional, which is the case when only the passage of time is required
             before payment of the consideration is due.


             If a customer pays consideration or the Group has a right to an amount of consideration that is
             unconditional, before the Group transfers goods or services to the customer, the Group presents the
             contract as a contract liability when the payment is received or a receivable is recorded (whichever
             is earlier). A contract liability is the Group’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer
             for which the Group has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the
             customer.




242
                                                                                                                                  Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2023




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



7.   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                                                                                                      Office
                                                                                                                   and other           Leasehold Construction
                                                       Buildings     Machinery       Vehicles        Moulds       equipment         improvements in progress            Total
                                                       RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000              RMB’000    RMB’000           RMB’000


     Year ended 31 December 2022
       Opening net book amount                         8,816,096      6,187,298        775,586     1,124,589         605,952             235,692      1,730,357     19,475,570
       Additions                                         128,160        713,915        399,252       192,850         235,814               98,705     1,969,158       3,737,854
       Transfer from investment properties (Note 9)      705,998                –             –              –               –                  –              –        705,998
       Disposals                                                –        (47,521)     (261,893)         (2,036)         (6,113)                 –              –       (317,563)
       Transfer to investment properties (Note 9)       (105,620)               –             –              –               –                  –              –       (105,620)
       Transfers                                         861,889      1,281,204           1,034      165,592         133,073                    –    (2,442,792)              –
       Depreciation charge (Note 29)                    (544,798)      (996,283)      (317,047)     (393,843)       (248,774)             (93,263)             –     (2,594,008)
       Impairment charge (Note 29)                            (59)         (5,182)      (13,724)      (81,653)        (17,893)                  –        (23,102)      (141,613)


        Closing net book amount                        9,861,666      7,133,431       583,208      1,005,499        702,059              241,134     1,233,621      20,760,618


     As at 31 December 2022
        Cost                                          13,554,255     12,882,770      1,355,923      3,560,165      1,600,166            1,043,392    1,256,723       35,253,394
        Accumulated depreciation and impairment        (3,692,589)    (5,749,339)     (772,715)    (2,554,666)      (898,107)            (802,258)      (23,102)    (14,492,776)


        Net book amount                                9,861,666      7,133,431       583,208      1,005,499        702,059              241,134     1,233,621      20,760,618


     Year ended 31 December 2023
       Opening net book amount                         9,861,666      7,133,431        583,208     1,005,499         702,059              241,134     1,233,621     20,760,618
       Additions                                       1,481,968        205,254        205,655       349,523         763,355              247,518     3,083,673      6,336,946
       Acquisition of subsidiaries                     1,395,750         10,512            228           571           4,233                    –             –      1,411,294
       Transfer from investment properties (Note 9)        4,045              –              –             –               –                    –             –          4,045
       Disposals                                        (130,723)      (272,579)      (159,917)      (24,488)        (43,812)                   –        (2,508)      (634,027)
       Transfer to investment properties (Note 9)        (37,722)             –              –             –               –                    –       (46,543)       (84,265)
       Transfers                                         388,378        944,992          2,375       241,692          68,503                    –    (1,645,940)             –
       Depreciation charge (Note 29)                    (611,213)    (1,269,326)       (73,766)     (427,647)       (232,645)            (109,989)            –     (2,724,586)
       Impairment charge (Note 29)                             –        (70,549)        (6,459)      (60,965)         (1,581)                   –          (876)      (140,430)


        Closing net book amount                       12,352,149      6,681,735       551,324      1,084,185       1,260,112             378,663     2,621,427      24,929,595


     As at 31 December 2023
        Cost                                          17,157,466     13,886,433      1,016,251      3,872,800      2,218,531            1,290,910    2,642,896       42,085,287
        Accumulated depreciation and impairment       (4,805,317)    (7,204,698)      (464,927)    (2,788,615)      (958,419)            (912,247)     (21,469)     (17,155,692)


        Net book amount                               12,352,149      6,681,735       551,324      1,084,185       1,260,112             378,663     2,621,427      24,929,595


                                                                                                                                                                                   243
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  7.   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)
       (a)   Depreciation methods and useful lives
             Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their costs to their residual
             amounts, net of their residual values, over their estimated useful lives, as follows:


                                                                               Useful lives     Residual rate


             – Buildings                                                        20-50 years           0%-10%
             – Machinery                                                         5-15 years           0%-10%
             – Vehicles                                                          4-12 years           0%-10%
             – Moulds                                                             2-6 years           0%-10%
             – Office and other equipment                                        3-20 years           0%-12%
             – Leasehold improvements                                            2-20 years               0%


             Furniture, fittings and equipment include assets received in the form of free store fit outs are
             recognised at their fair value. These assets and other leasehold improvements are depreciated
             over the shorter of their useful life or the lease term, unless the entity expects to use the assets
             beyond the lease term. See Note 45.5 for other accounting policies relevant to property, plant and
             equipment.




244
                                                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2023




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



7.   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)
     (b)   Depreciation expenses have been charged to the consolidated statement of comprehensive
           income as follows:
                                                                             Year ended 31 December
                                                                                   2023           2022
                                                                               RMB’000         RMB’000


           Cost of sales                                                        2,144,755             2,162,825
           Selling and distribution costs                                         167,384               144,534
           Administrative expenses                                                412,447               286,649


                                                                                2,724,586             2,594,008


     (c)   As at 31 December 2023, certain bank borrowings (Note 26(a)) were secured by the Group’s
           property, plant and equipment with the carrying value of approximately RMB381,042,000 (2022:
           RMB119,109,000).


     (d)   As at 31 December 2023, the Group is in the process of applying for the title certificates of certain
           of its property with an aggregate carrying value of approximately RMB1,695,953,000 (2022:
           RMB2,789,710,000). The Directors consider that the Group is entitled to lawfully and validly occupy
           or use those properties.


     (e)   During the year, the Group capitalised borrowing costs amounting to approximately RMB11,860,000
           (2022: RMB12,255,000) on qualifying assets (construction in progress). Borrowing costs were
           capitalised at rate of its general borrowings of 3.00%-4.20% (2022: 3.15%-5.19%).




                                                                                                                  245
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  8.   LEASES
       This note provides information for leases where the Group is a lessee.


       (a)   Amounts recognised in the consolidated balance sheet
             The consolidated balance sheet shows the following amounts relating to leases:


                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                   2023           2022
                                                                                RMB’000        RMB’000


             Right-of-use assets
              Land-use rights (Notes (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv))                 6,617,307      5,534,907
              Properties                                                        1,816,276      1,465,243
              Vehicles                                                             57,387          5,860
              Others                                                               22,178          8,474


                                                                                8,513,148      7,014,484


             Lease liabilities
              Current                                                             449,688        276,839
              Non-current                                                       1,484,772      1,297,402


                                                                                1,934,460      1,574,241


             Total additions to the right-of-use assets during the 2023 financial year were approximately
             RMB2,661,178,000 (2022: RMB548,324,000). Non-cash transaction of acquisition and disposal
             of right-of-use assets during the 2023 financial year were approximately RMB1,429,051,000 and
             approximately RMB127,865,000, respectively (2022: RMB463,164,000 and RMB51,676,000).




246
                                                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2023




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



8.   LEASES (Continued)
     (a)   Amounts recognised in the consolidated balance sheet (Continued)
           (i)     The Group has land lease arrangement with mainland China government.

                   Land use rights represent the Group’s interests in land which are held on leases between 15 to 50 years. Movements
                   of the land use rights for the year are as follows:

                                                                                               Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                     2023              2022
                                                                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000


                   Beginning of the year
                     Cost                                                                        6,435,822               6,115,214
                     Accumulated depreciation and impairment                                      (900,915)               (690,527)


                     Net book amount                                                             5,534,907               5,424,687


                   For the year ended
                     Opening net book amount                                                     5,534,907               5,424,687
                     Additions                                                                     231,457                  85,159
                     Acquisition of subsidiaries                                                 1,000,670                       –
                     Transferred from investment properties (Note 9)                                     –                 199,585
                     Depreciation charge                                                          (149,067)               (174,524)
                     Impairment                                                                       (660)                      –


                     Closing net book amount                                                     6,617,307               5,534,907


                   End of the year
                     Cost                                                                        7,766,140               6,435,822
                     Accumulated depreciation and impairment                                    (1,148,833)               (900,915)


                     Net book amount                                                             6,617,307               5,534,907


           (ii)    The amount of depreciation of the Group was primarily charged to cost of sales and administrative expenses in the
                   consolidated statement of comprehensive income.

           (iii)   As at 31 December 2023 and 2022, there was no bank borrowing secured by the Group’s land use rights.

           (iv)    As at 31 December 2023 and 2022, there was no title certificate in application.




                                                                                                                                     247
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  8.   LEASES (Continued)
       (b)   Amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income
             The consolidated statement of comprehensive income shows the following amounts relating to
             leases:


                                                                             Year ended 31 December
                                                                  Notes            2023           2022
                                                                               RMB’000         RMB’000


             Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets
              Land-use rights                                                    149,067            174,524
              Properties                                                         500,812            315,485
              Vehicles                                                            15,483              5,435
              Others                                                               4,704              3,922


                                                                   29            670,066            499,366


             Interest expense (included in finance cost)           33             99,840             73,817
             Expense relating to short-term leases (included
               in cost of sales, selling and distribution costs
               and administrative expenses)                        29             43,105             75,203
             Expense relating to leases of low-value assets
               that are not shown above as short-term leases
               (included in administrative expenses)               29                   –                 28


             The total cash outflow for leases in 2023 was approximately RMB719,988,000 (2022:
             RMB371,899,000).


       (c)   The Group’s leasing activities and how these are accounted for
             The Group leases various properties, vehicles, office and other equipment. Rental contracts are
             typically made for fixed periods of 6 months to 20 years, but may have extension options.


             Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and
             conditions. The lease agreements do not impose any covenants other than the security interests
             in the leased assets that are held by the lessor. Leased assets may not be used as security for
             borrowing purposes. See Note 45.21 for other accounting policies relevant to lease.

248
                                                            Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                             Annual Report 2023




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



9.   INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
                                                           Year ended 31 December
                                                                 2023           2022
                                                             RMB’000         RMB’000


     Beginning of the year
      Cost                                                  1,369,862             2,486,541
      Accumulated depreciation and impairment                (349,967)             (614,917)


      Net book amount                                        1,019,895            1,871,624


     For the year ended
      Opening net book amount                               1,019,895             1,871,624
      Transfer from property, plant and equipment
        (Note 7)                                                84,265               105,620
      Acquisition of subsidiaries (Note 40)                      6,697                      –
      Transfer to land use rights (Note 8)                           –              (199,585)
      Transfer to property, plant and equipment (Note 7)        (4,045)             (705,998)
      Depreciation charge (Note 29)                            (45,184)               (51,766)


      Closing net book amount                                1,061,628            1,019,895


     End of the year
      Cost                                                  1,467,716             1,369,862
      Accumulated depreciation and impairment                (406,088)             (349,967)


      Net book amount                                        1,061,628            1,019,895




                                                                                              249
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  9.   INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)
       (a)   Depreciation methods and useful lives
             Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their costs to their residual
             values over their estimated useful lives of 20 to 50 years with residual value of 0% to 10%. See
             Note 45.7 for other accounting policies relevant to investment properties.


       (b)   The Group’s investment properties at their net book values are analysed as follows:


                                                                                   As at 31 December
                                                                                      2023           2022
                                                                                   RMB’000        RMB’000


             Mainland China                                                       1,048,339           1,006,244
             Hong Kong                                                               13,289              13,651


                                                                                  1,061,628           1,019,895


       (c)   As at 31 December 2023, the Group is in the process of applying for the title certificates of certain
             investment properties with an aggregate carrying value of approximately RMB142,347,000 (2022:
             RMB25,710,000). The Directors consider that the Group is entitled to lawfully and validly occupy
             or use those properties.


       (d)   Rental income from operating lease recognised in profit or loss for investment properties in 2023
             was approximately RMB60,834,000 (2022: RMB34,891,000).


       (e)   Leasing arrangements
             The investment properties are leased to tenants under operating leases with rentals payable
             monthly. Lease income from operating leases where the Group is a lessor is recognised in income
             on a straightline basis over the lease term.There are no variable lease payments that depend on
             an index or rate.




250
                                                                                        Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2023




    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



10. INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                       Patent,
                                                    proprietary
                                               technology and      Computer                   Development
                                                franchise right     software     Goodwill            costs          Total
                                                      RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000


   Year ended 31 December 2022
     Opening net book amount                           390,587       826,125      127,099       12,237,408       13,581,219
     Additions                                              740      447,389             –        5,078,379        5,526,508
     Amortisation charge (Note 29)                      (54,588)    (230,193)            –       (3,259,842)      (3,544,623)
     Impairment charge (Note 29)                           (142)       (1,992)           –       (1,088,471)      (1,090,605)
     Disposals                                                –             –       (1,324)               –            (1,324)


     Closing net book amount                           336,597     1,041,329      125,775       12,967,474       14,471,175


   As at 31 December 2022
     Cost                                            1,430,877     1,889,716      125,775        31,503,476      34,949,844
     Accumulated amortisation and impairment        (1,094,280)     (848,387)           –       (18,536,002)    (20,478,669)


     Net book amount                                   336,597     1,041,329      125,775       12,967,474       14,471,175


   Year ended 31 December 2023
     Opening net book amount                           336,597     1,041,329      125,775       12,967,474       14,471,175
     Additions                                           5,310         6,196            –        6,857,048        6,868,554
     Acquisition of subsidiaries (Note 40)                 179             –       25,653                –           25,832
     Amortisation charge (Note 29)                     (35,249)     (334,716)           –       (3,484,558)      (3,854,523)
     Impairment charge (Note 29)                             –        (1,847)     (72,239)        (853,200)        (927,286)
     Disposals                                         (38,132)      (75,919)           –                –         (114,051)


     Closing net book amount                           268,705       635,043       79,189       15,486,764       16,469,701


   As at 31 December 2023
     Cost                                            1,398,234     1,819,993      151,428       38,360,524       41,730,179


     Accumulated amortisation and impairment        (1,129,529)    (1,184,950)    (72,239)      (22,873,760)    (25,260,478)


     Net book amount                                   268,705       635,043       79,189       15,486,764       16,469,701



                                                                                                                                 251
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  10. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Continued)
      (a)   Amortisation methods and periods
            The Group amortises intangible assets with a limited useful life using the straight-line method over
            the following periods:


            – Patent, proprietary technology and franchise right                                             5-10 years
            – Computer software                                                                              2-10 years

            See Note 45.8 for the other accounting policies relevant to intangible assets, and Note 45.9 for
            the Group’s policy regarding impairments.


      (b)   Amortisation of the Group’s intangible assets mainly charged to cost of sales.


      (c)   Goodwill arose from acquisition of businesses:
                                                                                       As at 31 December
                                                                                          2023           2022
                                                                                       RMB’000        RMB’000


            Guangzhou GAC Youlide Automobile Interior System
              Research and Development Co., Ltd. (“GAC Youlide”)                           25,653                    –
            Denway                                                                         90,299               90,299
            Others                                                                         35,476               35,476
            Less: provision for impairment (Note (i))                                     (72,239)                   –


                                                                                           79,189              125,775

            (i)   For the year ended 31 December 2023, RMB72,329,000 of impairment provision was made against the goodwill
                  relating to Denway.


      (d)   During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group capitalised borrowing costs amounting to
            approximately RMB52,421,000 (2022: RMB87,143,000) on qualifying assets (development costs).
            Borrowing costs were capitalised at rate of its general borrowings of 2.45%-5.19% (2022: 2.45%-
            5.19%).




252
                                                                                           Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                            Annual Report 2023




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



11. INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES
   The amounts recognised in the consolidated balance sheet are as follows:


                                                                                            As at 31 December
                                                                                               2023           2022
                                                                                            RMB’000        RMB’000


   Investments in joint ventures                                                          27,521,810            28,095,173
   Investments in associates                                                               9,638,058             9,715,606


                                                                                          37,159,868            37,810,779


   The amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income are as follows:


                                                                                        Year ended 31 December
                                                                                              2023           2022
                                                                                          RMB’000         RMB’000


   Share of profit of joint ventures (Note (i))                                            7,959,352            13,159,561
   Share of profit of associates (Note (i))                                                  389,654               905,598


                                                                                           8,349,006            14,065,159

   (i)   Unrealised profits or losses resulting from upstream and downstream transactions are eliminated.



   11.1 Investments in Joint Ventures
                                                                                            As at 31 December
                                                                                               2023           2022
                                                                                            RMB’000        RMB’000


         Investment in unlisted shares                                                    27,521,810            28,095,173




                                                                                                                              253
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  11. INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (Continued)
      11.1 Investments in Joint Ventures (Continued)

           (a)   Movements of investments in joint ventures are set out as follows:
                                                                                        Year ended 31 December
                                                                                              2023           2022
                                                                                          RMB’000         RMB’000


                 Beginning of the year                                                    28,095,173             26,904,507


                 Additions (Note (i))                                                      2,507,622                1,208,777
                 Capital reduction                                                           (48,936)                  (20,646)
                 Disposals                                                                  (362,815)                  (50,219)
                 Transfer to subsidiaries (Note (ii))                                        (41,257)                (121,555)
                 Share of profits                                                          7,935,650              13,177,733
                 Impairment provision                                                              –               (1,506,000)
                 Share of other reserves                                                       3,893                    12,370
                 Dividends declared                                                      (10,567,520)            (11,509,794)


                 End of the year                                                          27,521,810             28,095,173

                 (i)    In 2023, the Group additionally invested an aggregate of approximately RMB1,469,539,000 in GAC Mitsubishi
                        Motors Co., Ltd.(“GAC Mitsubishi”) among which approximately RMB1,151,531,000 was contributed
                        by offsetting the entrusted loans previously granted by the Group. In addition, the Group contributed
                        RMB550,000,000 to GAC-SOFINCO in proportion to its interest held.

                 (ii)   On 28 December 2023, the Group acquired 50% equity interests of GAC Mitsubishi at a consideration of
                        RMB2. Upon completion of the acquisition, GAC Mitsubishi became a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group.

                        In November 2023, the Group acquired 50% equity interests of GAC Youlide at a consideration of
                        approximately RMB86,620,000. Upon completion of the acquisition, GAC Youlide became a wholly-owned
                        subsidiary of the Group.

                        For the details of acquisition of GAC Mitsubishi and GAC Youlide, please refer to Note 40.




254
                                                                                    Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2023




    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



11. INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (Continued)
   11.1 Investments in Joint Ventures (Continued)
        (b)   Set out below are the joint ventures of the Group collectively as “material joint ventures” as
              at 31 December 2023, which in the opinion of the directors, are material to the Group. The
              joint ventures as listed below are held directly by the Group. The country of incorporation or
              registration is also their principal place of business.


                                         Place of business/           % of
              Name of joint              country of              ownership        Nature of the       Measurement
              ventures                   incorporation             interest       relationship            method


              GAC Honda                  Mainland China                   50      Note 1                       Equity
              GAC Toyota                 Mainland China                   50      Note 1                       Equity
              GAC-SOFINCO                Mainland China                   50      Note 1                       Equity
              Wuyang-Honda               Mainland China                   50      Note 1                       Equity


              Note 1: GAC Honda and GAC Toyota are companies manufacturing and selling automobiles and automotive parts,
                      GAC-SOFINCO is a company providing automotive financing services, and Wuyang-Honda is a company
                      manufacturing and selling motorcycles and motorcycle parts. All of them are unlisted companies.



        (c)   Summarised financial information for joint ventures
              Set out below is the summary of combined financial information for all the joint ventures of the
              Group (excluding goodwill). As restricted by the confidentiality agreements entered into with
              other shareholders of certain joint ventures, the Group has not disclosed certain financial data
              of material joint ventures separately. The aggregate of the financial information of the above
              four (2022: six) material joint ventures identified by Directors covers over 90% of combined
              financial information of all the joint ventures of the Group listed below.


              The below financial information of the joint ventures has been consistently measured based
              on the fair values of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed at the date
              of acquisition.


              The information below reflects the amounts presented in the financial statements of the joint
              ventures (and not the Group’s share of those amounts) adjusted for differences in accounting
              policies between the Group and the joint ventures.




                                                                                                                        255
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  11. INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (Continued)
      11.1 Investments in Joint Ventures (Continued)

           (c)   Summarised financial information for joint ventures (Continued)
                 Summarised balance sheet
                                                                                        As at 31 December
                                                                                           2023              2022
                                                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000


                 Assets
                 Non-current assets                                                    94,119,421       90,548,547


                 Current assets
                   – Cash and cash equivalents                                         57,624,954       56,897,368
                   – Other current assets                                              43,994,794       47,789,045


                                                                                      101,619,748      104,686,413


                 Total assets                                                         195,739,169      195,234,960


                 Liabilities
                 Non-current liabilities
                   – Financial liabilities (excluding trade and other payables)        32,252,756       23,621,472
                   – Other non-current liabilities (including trade and
                        other payables)                                                 7,576,218        8,931,280


                                                                                       39,828,974       32,552,752


                 Current liabilities
                   – Financial liabilities (excluding trade and other payables)        23,520,832       28,251,359
                   – Other current liabilities (including trade and other payables)    76,882,007       85,147,625


                                                                                      100,402,839      113,398,984


                 Total liabilities                                                    140,231,813      145,951,736


                 Net assets                                                            55,507,356       49,283,224
                 Less: Non-controlling interests                                           (8,633)           (9,570)


                                                                                       55,498,723       49,273,654

256
                                                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2023




    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



11. INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (Continued)
   11.1 Investments in Joint Ventures (Continued)

        (c)   Summarised financial information for joint ventures (Continued)
              Summarised statement of comprehensive income
                                                                              Year ended 31 December
                                                                                    2023           2022
                                                                                RMB’000         RMB’000


              Revenue                                                          270,326,493         304,329,946
              Cost of sales                                                   (234,174,673)       (256,996,217)
              Other expenditures                                               (16,032,482)         (27,626,934)


              Profit after tax                                                 20,119,338            19,706,795
              Less: loss/(profit) attributable to non-controlling interests           149                  (145)


                                                                               20,119,487            19,706,650
              Other comprehensive income                                            4,280                13,850


              Total comprehensive income                                       20,123,767            19,720,500




                                                                                                                   257
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  11. INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (Continued)
      11.1 Investments in Joint Ventures (Continued)

           (c)   Summarised financial information for joint ventures (Continued)
                 Summarised statement of comprehensive income (Continued)
                 Set out below are the assets, liabilities, revenue and dividends of the material joint ventures
                 of the Group:


                                                   Assets                     Liabilities                 Revenue                Dividends received
                 Name of joint ventures      As at 31 December           As at 31 December        Year ended 31 December      Year ended 31 December

                                               2023          2022          2023          2022          2023          2022         2023          2022
                                            RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000


                 GAC Honda                 41,882,840    40,812,462    29,058,090    30,435,611    93,528,217   115,112,513    3,503,074    4,209,208
                 GAC Toyota                67,911,549    70,758,395    40,853,336    41,577,741   152,868,714   163,533,729    9,980,438    7,521,182
                 GAC-SOFINCO               67,801,454    56,816,996    58,930,099    49,467,749     4,594,850     4,427,522      166,675      184,564
                 Wuyang-Honda               2,611,962     3,307,185     1,091,412     1,600,799     5,103,226     6,106,648      213,054      156,758


                 Total                    180,207,805   171,695,038   129,932,937   123,081,900   256,095,007   289,180,412   13,863,241   12,071,712




258
                                                                           Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                            Annual Report 2023




    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



11. INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (Continued)
   11.1 Investments in Joint Ventures (Continued)

        (c)   Summarised financial information for joint ventures (Continued)
              Summarised statement of comprehensive income (Continued)
              Reconciliation of share of the net assets to the carrying amount of the Group’s interests in
              the material joint ventures:


                                                                           As at 31 December
                                                                              2023           2022
                                                                           RMB’000        RMB’000


              Assets                                                     180,207,805          171,695,038
              Less: Liabilities                                         (129,932,937)        (123,081,900)
                    Non-controlling interests                                 (8,633)               (9,570)


              Net assets excluding non-controlling interests              50,266,235            48,603,568
              Percentage of ownership interest                                  50%                   50%


              Interests in material joint ventures                        25,133,118            24,301,784
              Goodwill                                                        21,259                21,259
                – Wuyang-Honda                                                21,259                21,259


              Carrying amount of investments in material
               joint ventures                                             25,154,377            24,323,043




                                                                                                              259
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  11. INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (Continued)
      11.2 Investments in Associates
                                                                                         As at 31 December
                                                                                            2023           2022
                                                                                         RMB’000        RMB’000


           Unlisted companies                                                            9,638,058              9,715,606



           (a)   Movements of investments in associates are set out as follows:
                                                                                      Year ended 31 December
                                                                                            2023           2022
                                                                                        RMB’000         RMB’000


                 Beginning of the year                                                   9,715,606            10,022,480
                 Additions (Note (i))                                                    1,199,058                182,141
                 Disposal                                                                  (47,519)              (110,675)
                 Capital reduction                                                         (14,408)                (25,342)
                 Share of profits                                                          371,467                918,455
                 Share of other reserves                                                    59,142                205,933
                 Dividends declared                                                     (1,645,288)            (1,477,386)


                 End of the year                                                         9,638,058              9,715,606

                 (i)   The additions in 2023 mainly represent the Group’s additional capital contribution of RMB600,000,000 to
                       HYCAN Automotive Technology Co., Ltd. and approximately RMB216,154,000 to GAC Aisin Automatic
                       Transmission Co., Ltd.




260
                                                                      Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                       Annual Report 2023




    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



11. INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (Continued)
   11.2 Investments in Associates (Continued)

        (b)   In the opinion of the board, there are no associates individually material to the
              Group. Set out below is the Group’s share of associates’ results:
                                                                    Year ended 31 December
                                                                          2023           2022
                                                                      RMB’000         RMB’000


              Associates
              Profit                                                    389,654               905,598
              Other comprehensive income                                      –                51,271


              Total comprehensive income                                389,654               956,869



        (c)   Particulars of the Group’s principal associates are set out in Note 5.




                                                                                                         261
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  12. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY
                                                                          As at 31 December
                                                                             2023            2022
                                                                          RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                                        (Restated)


      Financial assets at amortised cost
        – Prepayments and long-term receivables (excluding
            prepayments) (Note 16)                                       15,751,098      8,649,675
        – Trade and other receivables (excluding prepayments and
            value added tax recoverable) (Note 18)                       21,773,635     28,871,768
        – Time deposits (Note 19)                                         6,825,347      3,325,724
        – Restricted cash (Note 20)                                       2,838,783      1,976,589
        – Cash and cash equivalents (Note 21)                            39,522,331     34,222,113
      Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive
        income (Note 14)                                                 10,728,735      5,803,302
      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (Note 15)     5,154,306      6,388,959


                                                                        102,594,235     89,238,130


                                                                          As at 31 December
                                                                             2023            2022
                                                                          RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                                        (Restated)


      Financial liabilities at amortised cost
        – Trade and other payables (excluding employee benefits
            payable, other taxes, government grants and taxes related
            to contract liabilities) (Note 25)                           51,472,513     36,476,110
        – Borrowings (Note 26)                                           28,115,923     19,510,111
      Lease liabilities (Note 8)                                          1,934,460      1,574,241


      Total                                                              81,522,896     57,560,462




262
                                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                               Annual Report 2023




    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



13. DEFERRED INCOME TAX
   (a)   Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to
         offset current tax assets against current tax liabilities and when the deferred income taxes relate
         to the same taxation authority. The analysis of deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities is as
         follows:


                                                                               As at 31 December
                                                                                  2023            2022
                                                                               RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                                             (Restated)


         Deferred tax assets:                                                  4,728,990            4,224,883


         Set-off of deferred tax liabilities                                    (362,860)             (509,389)


         Deferred tax assets – net                                             4,366,130            3,715,494


         Deferred tax liabilities:                                              (602,867)             (641,789)


         Set-off of deferred tax assets                                          362,860              509,389


         Deferred tax liabilities – net                                         (240,007)             (132,400)


   (b)   The net movements on the deferred income tax account are as follows:


                                                                            Year ended 31 December
                                                                                  2023           2022
                                                                              RMB’000         RMB’000


         As at 1 January                                                       3,583,094            2,689,507
         Tax recognised in profit or loss (Note 34)                              615,708              856,688
         Tax recognised in other comprehensive income (Note 35)                  (40,369)              36,899
         Acquisition of subsidiaries                                             (32,310)                   –


         End of the year                                                       4,126,123            3,583,094



                                                                                                                 263
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  13. DEFERRED INCOME TAX (Continued)
      (c)   The movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities during the year, without taking into consideration
            the offsetting of balances within the same tax jurisdiction, are as follows:


                                                           Accrued                    Intangible               Fair value
                                           Impairment     expenses                         asset              changes of
            Deferred tax assets              provision   and others    Provisions   amortisation   Tax losses      FVOCI          Total
                                             RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000
                                                         (Restated)                                                          (Restated)


            Year ended 31 December
              2022
            Opening book amount               413,531     1,370,921      148,718        336,049      868,300      130,543    3,268,062
            Recognised in profit or loss      230,221       171,958       54,528         70,476      392,131            –      919,314
            Recognised in other
              comprehensive income                   –            –             –              –            –      37,507       37,507


            Closing book amount               643,752     1,542,879      203,246        406,525     1,260,431     168,050    4,224,883


            Year ended 31 December
              2023
            Opening book amount               643,752     1,542,879      203,246        406,525     1,260,431     168,050    4,224,883
            Recognised in profit or loss      156,044       183,733       80,037        146,076       (17,450)          –      548,440
            Recognised in other
              comprehensive income                   –         (895)            –              –            –     (43,438)      (44,333)


            Closing book amount               799,796     1,725,717      283,283        552,601     1,242,981     124,612    4,728,990




264
                                                                                                       Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                           Annual Report 2023




    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



13. DEFERRED INCOME TAX (Continued)
   (c)   The movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities during the year, without taking into consideration
         the offsetting of balances within the same tax jurisdiction, are as follows: (Continued)


                                                                                   Fair value
                                             Accelerated                        gains arising
                                                 taxation Revaluation of      from business      Share of profit
         Deferred tax liabilities            depreciation financial assets      combination       of associates        Others           Total
                                                RMB’000          RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                                                                    (Restated)     (Restated)


         Year ended 31 December 2022
         Opening book amount                     (123,856)         (27,949)          (20,134)           (89,783)      (316,833)      (578,555)
         Recognised in profit or loss              (59,657)         24,700             (9,469)            (4,790)       (13,410)       (62,626)
         Recognised in other comprehensive
           income                                        –               –                  –                  –          (608)          (608)


         Closing book amount                     (183,513)          (3,249)          (29,603)           (94,573)      (330,851)      (641,789)


         Year ended 31 December 2023
         Opening book amount                     (183,513)          (3,249)          (29,603)           (94,573)     (330,851)       (641,789)
         Recognised in profit or loss              26,123             (338)            6,822               (197)       34,858          67,268
         Recognised in other comprehensive
           income                                        –               –                 –                   –         3,964          3,964
         Acquisition of subsidiaries                     –               –           (23,448)                  –        (8,862)       (32,310)


         Closing book amount                     (157,390)          (3,587)          (46,229)           (94,770)     (300,891)       (602,867)




                                                                                                                                                  265
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  13. DEFERRED INCOME TAX (Continued)
      (d)   In accordance with the PRC tax law, tax losses may be carried forward against future taxable
            income for a period of five years. As at 31 December 2023, the Group did not recognise deferred
            tax assets in respect of losses amounting to RMB11,670,314,000 (2022: RMB8,884,027,000), as
            it is uncertain that future taxable profit will be available against which the tax losses can be utilised.
            These tax losses will expire between 2024 and 2028.


                                                                                              Unused tax losses
                                                                                                    for which no
                                                                                              deferred tax asset
            Expire year                                                                         was recognised
                                                                                                        RMB’000


            2024                                                                                         1,852,585
            2025                                                                                         2,634,780
            2026                                                                                           754,025
            2027                                                                                         2,713,691
            2028                                                                                         3,715,233


                                                                                                        11,670,314




266
                                                                                                  Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2023




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



14. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                                                   As at 31 December
                                                                                                      2023           2022
                                                                                                   RMB’000        RMB’000


   Non-current assets
   Listed bond investments                                                                        2,324,320                1,102,108
   Unlisted financial products                                                                    2,043,252                        –
   Listed stocks                                                                                    497,926                  430,337
   Unlisted stocks                                                                                  228,868                  181,181


                                                                                                  5,094,366                1,713,626


   Current assets
   Listed bond investments                                                                        3,771,889                3,457,375
   Unlisted notes receivable                                                                      1,812,480                  632,301
   Unlisted financial products                                                                       50,000                        –


                                                                                                  5,634,369                4,089,676


                                                                                                 10,728,735                5,803,302


   (i)    FVOCI of the Group comprise equity instruments which are not held for trading, and which the Group has irrevocably elected
          at initial recognition to recognise in this category. These are strategic investments and the Group considers this classification
          to be more relevant.

   (ii)   Amounts recognised in profit or loss and other comprehensive income

          During the year, the following gains or losses were recognised:

                                                                                                   Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                         2023              2022
                                                                                                     RMB’000            RMB’000


          Gains/(losses) recognised in other comprehensive income
            – Related to equity investments (Note 35)                                                  153,701                 (140,356)
            – Related to debt investments (Note 35)                                                     20,210                    (6,531)


          Dividends from equity investments held at FVOCI recognised in other
            gains-net in profit or loss
            – Related to investments held at the end of the reporting period                            10,388                   10,388

                                                                                                                                          267
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  15. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS
                                             As at 31 December
                                                2023           2022
                                             RMB’000        RMB’000


      Non-current assets
      Debt instruments
       Listed bond investments                 72,510       185,069


      Equity instruments
       Unlisted other equity investments     1,777,338     1,471,849
       Listed preference shares                513,664       512,317


                                             2,291,002     1,984,166


                                             2,363,512     2,169,235


      Current assets
      Debt instruments
       Unlisted financial products            852,862      2,547,124
       Listed bond investments                 32,167         33,423


                                              885,029      2,580,547


      Equity instruments
       Unlisted fund investments              969,200      1,160,294
       Listed fund investments                586,068        350,634
       Listed stocks                          350,497        128,249


                                             1,905,765     1,639,177


                                             2,790,794     4,219,724


                                             5,154,306     6,388,959



268
                                                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                Annual Report 2023




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



15. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS
    (Continued)
   (i)    The Group classifies the following FVPL:

          •       debt investments that do not qualify for measurement at either amortised cost or FVOCI;

          •       equity investments that are held for trading; and

          •       equity investments for which the entity has not elected to recognise fair value gains and losses through OCI.

   (ii)   Amounts recognised in profit or loss

          During the year, the following gains or losses were recognised in profit or loss:

                                                                                              Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                    2023              2022
                                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000


          Fair value losses on equity investments at FVPL recognised in
            other gains/(losses) – net (Note 31)                                                   (27,868)              (326,832)
          Fair value (losses)/gains on debt instruments at FVPL recognised in
            other gains/(losses) – net (Note 31)                                                   (13,263)                 8,175


                                                                                                   (41,131)              (318,657)




                                                                                                                                    269
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  16. PREPAYMENTS AND OTHER LONG-TERM RECEIVABLES
                                                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                                                                     2023           2022
                                                                                                  RMB’000        RMB’000


      Prepayments                                                                                 1,629,087                 957,618


      Finance lease receivables (Notes (a) and (c))                                               6,879,085               5,089,879
      Other loans and receivables                                                                   963,185                 993,360
      Loan receivables (Note 18 (d))                                                              3,550,000                       –
      Financial assets arising from continuing involvement (Notes (a)
        and (b))                                                                                    397,160                 195,160
      Long-term deposits in a joint venture (Note 41 (b))                                         4,500,000               2,500,000
      Long-term deposits                                                                             90,474                 262,183


                                                                                                16,379,904                9,040,582


      Less: provision for other long-term receivables                                              (628,806)               (390,907)


                                                                                                17,380,185                9,607,293


      (a)   As at 31 December 2023, certain bank borrowings (Note 26 (a)), borrowings related to automotive lease-back (Note 26(k))
            and resource financing (Note 26(j)) were secured by the Group’s short-term and long-term finance lease receivables with the
            carrying value of approximately RMB241,554,000 (2022: RMB450,928,000) and RMB81,080,000 (2022: RMB800,046,000).

            As at 31 December 2023, certain securitization debt (Note 26(i)) were secured by the Group’s short-term and long-term finance
            lease receivables with the carrying value of approximately RMB1,451,563,000 (2022: 937,212,000) and RMB2,361,788,000
            (2022: 569,844,000) and financial assets arising from continuing involvement with the carrying value of RMB397,160,000
            (2022: RMB195,160,000), respectively.

      (b)   Transferred financial assets that are not derecognised in their entirety

            The Group has securitized certain finance lease receivables and issued RMB1,517,000,000 asset-backed securities (“ABS-
            2022-1”) in June 2022. During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group issued ABS-2022-1 of RMB1,517,000,000,
            out of which RMB1,420,000,000 represented senior tranche and RMB97,000,000 represented subordinate tranche, 79.38%
            of which was acquired by the Group.




270
                                                                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2023




    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



16. PREPAYMENTS AND OTHER LONG-TERM RECEIVABLES (Continued)
   (b)   Transferred financial assets that are not derecognised in their entirety (Continued)

         The Group has securitized certain finance lease receivables and issued RMB820,000,000 asset-backed securities (“ABS-
         2022-2”) in August 2022. During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group issued ABS-2022-2 of RMB820,000,000,
         out of which RMB763,000,000 represented senior tranche and RMB57,000,000 represented subordinate tranche, 71.93%
         of which was acquired by the Group.

         The Group has securitized certain finance lease receivables and issued RMB662,000,000 asset-backed securities (“ABS-
         2022-3”) in September 2022. During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group issued ABS-2022-3 of RMB662,000,000,
         out of which RMB618,000,000 represented senior tranche and RMB44,000,000 represented subordinate tranche, 76.14%
         of which was acquired by the Group.

         The Group has securitized certain finance lease receivables and issued RMB1,082,000,000 asset-backed notes (“ABN-2022-
         2”) in November 2022. During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group issued ABN-2022-2 of RMB1,082,000,000,
         out of which RMB1,023,000,000 represented senior tranche and RMB59,000,000, represented subordinate tranche, 74.00%
         of which was acquired by the Group.

         Since the Group has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial lease
         receivables and retained control of the underlying assets as at 31 December 2022, the Group only recognised the transferred
         assets to the extent of the continuing involvement of the ABS-2022-1, ABS-2022-2, ABS-2022-3, ABN-2022-2 amounting
         to RMB195,160,000 as continuing involvement assets, and the associated liabilities amounting to RMB195,160,000 (Note
         25) as continuing involvement liabilities, which approximate the maximum exposure to losses from its involvement in the
         ABS2022-1, ABS-2022-2, ABS-2022-3, ABN-2022-2.

         The Group has securitized certain finance lease receivables and issued RMB1,200,000,000 asset-backed notes (“ABN-2023-
         1”) in April 2023. During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group issued ABN-2023-1 of RMB1,200,000,000, out of
         which RMB1,140,000,000 represented senior tranche and RMB60,000,000, represented subordinate tranche, 75.00% of
         which was acquired by the Group.

         The Group has securitized certain finance lease receivables and issued RMB1,602,000,000 asset-backed notes (“ABN-2023-
         2”) in May 2023. During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group issued ABN-2023-1 of RMB1,602,000,000, out of
         which RMB1,482,000,000 represented senior tranche and RMB120,000,000, represented subordinate tranche, 75.00% of
         which was acquired by the Group.

         The Group has securitized certain finance lease receivables and issued RMB1,323,000,000 asset-backed securities (“ABS-
         2023-1”) in July 2023. During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group issued ABS-2023-1 of RMB1,323,000,000, out
         of which RMB1,223,000,000 represented senior tranche and RMB100,000,000 represented subordinate tranche, 67.00%
         of which was acquired by the Group.

         Since the Group has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial
         lease receivables and retained control of the underlying assets as at 31 December 2023, the Group only recognised the
         transferred assets to the extent of the continuing involvement of the ABS-2022-1, ABS-2022-2, ABS-2022-3, ABN-2022-
         2, ABN-2023-1, ABN-2023-2, ABS-2023-1 amounting to RMB397,160,000 as continuing involvement assets, and the
         associated liabilities amounting to RMB397,160,000 (Note 25) as continuing involvement liabilities, which approximate the
         maximum exposure to losses from its involvement in the ABS-2022-1, ABS-2022-2, ABS-2022-3, ABN-2022-2, ABN-2023-
         1, ABN-2023-2, ABS-2023-1.




                                                                                                                                        271
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  16. PREPAYMENTS AND OTHER LONG-TERM RECEIVABLES (Continued)
      (c)   The amount of finance lease receivables refers to the amount that the Group should collect from the lessee for the purpose
            of transferring the leased assets which mainly is passenger vehicles and commercial vehicles during the lease term. The
            effective interest rate as at 31 December 2023 is 10.19% (2022: 9.81%).

                                                                                                   As at 31 December
                                                                                                      2023              2022
                                                                                                   RMB’000           RMB’000


            Gross finance lease receivables balance                                              12,453,140               9,279,343
            Less: Unearned finance income                                                        (1,231,555)               (885,056)
            Less: provision for impairment                                                         (469,948)               (261,289)


                                                                                                 10,751,637               8,132,998

            Less: current portion                                                                (4,315,330)             (3,287,887)


            Non-current portion                                                                   6,436,307               4,845,111



            Movements of impairment allowances are as follows:

                                                                                                Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                      2023              2022
                                                                                                  RMB’000            RMB’000


            At 1 January                                                                            261,289                 108,456
            Provision for impairment loss                                                           208,659                 152,833


            At 31 December                                                                          469,948                 261,289


            Finance income on the net investment in the lease amounted to approximately RMB1,363,129,000 in the year ended 31
            December 2023 (2022: RMB655,244,000).




272
                                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                               Annual Report 2023




   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



17. INVENTORIES
                                                                               As at 31 December
                                                                                  2023           2022
                                                                               RMB’000        RMB’000


   Raw materials and consumables                                              4,515,596             5,510,950
   Work-in-progress                                                             168,950               335,321
   Finished goods and merchandise                                            12,577,340             6,906,822


                                                                             17,261,886            12,753,093


   Less: provision for impairment                                               (541,573)             (391,263)


                                                                             16,720,313            12,361,830



   (a)   Assigning costs to inventories
         Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost comprises direct materials,
         direct labour and an appropriate proportion of variable and fixed overhead expenditure, the latter
         being allocated on the basis of normal operating capacity. Costs are assigned to individual items of
         inventory on the basis of weighted average costs. Costs of purchased inventory are determined after
         deducting rebates and discounts. Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary
         course of business less the estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to
         make the sale.


   (b)   Amounts recognised in profit or loss
         The cost of inventories recognised as expenses and included in cost of sales amounted to
         approximately RMB104,508,814,000 (2022: RMB77,643,707,000).


   (c)   As at 31 December 2023, certain bank borrowings (Note 26(a)) and notes payable (Note 25(d)) were
         secured by the Group’s inventories with the carrying value of approximately RMB1,098,890,000
         (2022: RMB1,111,239,000) and RMB2,046,017,000 (2022: RMB1,136,388,000), respectively.




                                                                                                                 273
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  18. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
                                                                                    As at 31 December
                                                                                       2023            2022
                                                                                    RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                                                  (Restated)


      Trade receivables (Notes (b) and (c))                                         5,845,479           8,639,123
      Less: provision for impairment                                                 (541,526)           (544,879)


      Trade receivables – net                                                       5,303,953           8,094,244
      Loan receivables (Note (d))                                                   8,835,710          10,365,047
      Finance lease receivables (Note 16 (a) and (c))                               4,315,330           3,287,887
      Value added tax recoverable                                                   2,896,930           1,296,989
      Prepayments                                                                   2,108,135           1,238,629
      Notes receivable                                                                451,682              97,926
      Reissuance contract assets                                                      221,895             196,198
      Consigned inventories (Note (e))                                                187,547             493,600
      Entrusted loans (Note (g))                                                      106,472             262,398
      Financial assets held under resale agreements                                   106,297             448,677
      Dividends receivable (Note 41(b))                                                73,846           3,674,120
      Other receivables                                                             2,170,903           1,951,671


                                                                                  26,778,700           31,407,386



      (a)   Classification as trade and other receivables
            Trade receivables are amounts due from customers for goods sold or services performed in the
            ordinary course of business. If collection of trade and other receivables is expected in one year or
            less (or in the normal operating cycle of the business if longer), they are classified as current assets.
            If not, they are presented as non-current assets.


            Trade receivables are recognised initially at the amount of consideration that is unconditional unless
            they contain significant financing components, when they are recognised at fair value. The Group
            holds the trade receivables with the objective to collect the contractual cash flows and therefore
            measures them subsequently at amortised cost using the effective interest method. See Note
            45.10.4 for a description of the Group’s impairment policies.




274
                                                                            Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                             Annual Report 2023




    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



18. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)
   (b)   Sales of passenger vehicles were normally made with advances from customers. Sales of other
         products were made on credit terms ranging from 0 to 365 days. As at 31 December 2023 and
         2022, the ageing analysis of these trade receivables is presented on the basis of the date of the
         relevant invoices as follows:


                                                                            As at 31 December
                                                                               2023            2022
                                                                            RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                                          (Restated)


         Within 1 year                                                      2,825,352             6,354,780
         Between 1 and 2 years                                              2,480,595             1,400,268
         Between 2 and 3 years                                                168,059               251,628
         Between 3 and 4 years                                                 53,341               345,020
         Between 4 and 5 years                                                 35,341                58,152
         Over 5 years                                                         282,791               229,275


                                                                            5,845,479             8,639,123


         The Group applies the simplified approach to provide for expected credit losses prescribed by
         HKFRS 9. As at 31 December 2023, a provision of approximately RMB541,526,000 was made
         against the gross amounts of trade receivables (2022: RMB544,879,000).


   (c)   Fair values of trade receivables
         Due to the short-term nature of the current receivables, their carrying amount is considered to be
         the same as their fair value.




                                                                                                               275
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  18. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)
      (d)   The balance represents loans to related parties and third parties in relation to provision of financing
            services by a subsidiary of the Group. The effective interest rate as at 31 December 2023 is 3.63%
            (2022: 4.24%).


                                                                                   As at 31 December
                                                                                      2023           2022
                                                                                   RMB’000        RMB’000


            Gross loan balance                                                   12,634,162          10,576,921
            Less: provision for impairment                                         (279,286)           (211,874)


                                                                                 12,354,876          10,365,047


            Less: current portion                                                 (8,835,710)       (10,365,047)


            Non-current portion                                                   3,519,166                     –


            Movements of impairment allowances are as follows:


                                                                                Year ended 31 December
                                                                                      2023            2022
                                                                                  RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                                                 (Restated)


            At 1 January                                                            211,874             128,627
            Provision for impairment loss                                            67,412              83,247


            At 31 December                                                          279,286             211,874


      (e)   The balance represents the consigned inventories from a joint venture to whom we provide entrusted
            processing services.




276
                                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                               Annual Report 2023




    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



18. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)
   (f)   The carrying amounts of the Group’s trade and other receivables are denominated in the following
         currencies:


                                                                               As at 31 December
                                                                                  2023            2022
                                                                               RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                                             (Restated)


         RMB                                                                 26,679,075            31,245,223
         HKD                                                                     82,303                82,141
         USD                                                                     17,286                79,988
         EUR                                                                         36                    34


                                                                             26,778,700            31,407,386


   (g)   The entrusted loans are mainly provided to related parties through financial institutions, which will
         be due in the year ended 31 December 2023. The effective interest rate as at 31 December 2023
         is 3.45% (2022: 3.65%).



19. TIME DEPOSITS
                                                                               As at 31 December
                                                                                  2023           2022
                                                                               RMB’000        RMB’000


   Denominated in:
   – RMB                                                                      6,758,193             3,179,348
   – USD                                                                         49,872               143,477
   – HKD                                                                         17,282                 2,899


                                                                              6,825,347             3,325,724


   The initial term of time deposits was over three months.




                                                                                                                 277
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  20. RESTRICTED CASH
                                                                                             As at 31 December
                                                                                                2023           2022
                                                                                             RMB’000        RMB’000


      Deposits for letters of credit and bank notes                                            883,755                192,396
      Security and other deposits                                                              178,414                 48,701
      Mandatory reserve deposits with the People’s Bank of China
       (“PBOC”) (Note (a))                                                                   1,776,614              1,735,492


                                                                                             2,838,783              1,976,589


      (a)   A subsidiary of the Group is required to place mandatory reserve deposits with the PBOC for its provision of financing
            service. Those deposits with the PBOC are not available for use in the Group’s daily operations.


      The carrying amount of the Group’s restricted cash is denominated in the following currencies:


                                                                                             As at 31 December
                                                                                                2023           2022
                                                                                             RMB’000        RMB’000


      – RMB                                                                                  2,837,506              1,974,293
      – EUR                                                                                        943                      –
      – JPY                                                                                        334                      –
      – USD                                                                                          –                  2,296


                                                                                             2,838,783              1,976,589




278
                                                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2023




    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



21. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

                                                                                 As at 31 December
                                                                                    2023           2022
                                                                                 RMB’000        RMB’000


   Denominated in:
   – RMB                                                                       38,637,594            34,116,954
   – THB                                                                          537,747                     –
   – RUB                                                                          154,862                     –
   – USD                                                                           83,900                54,514
   – MXN                                                                           72,524                     –
   – EUR                                                                           20,707                28,911
   – HKD                                                                            9,864                 2,706
   – JPY                                                                            1,855                19,020
   – Others                                                                         3,278                     8


                                                                               39,522,331            34,222,113
   As at 31 December 2023 and 2022, the Group’s cash and cash equivalents includes cash in hand,
   deposits held at call with banks and bank deposits with original maturities less than three months.

   (a)   As at 31 December 2023 and 2022, the Group’s cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash (Note
         20) and time deposits (Note 19) were deposited in financial institutions without significant credit
         risk. Detail ratings of these financial institutions, as published by Shanghai Purang Financial Services
         Co., Ltd. are set out as follows:

                                                                                 As at 31 December
                                                                                    2023           2022
                                                                                 RMB’000        RMB’000


         AAA                                                                   34,550,071            39,355,372
         AA+                                                                   14,171,204                67,563
         Others and cash on hand                                                  465,186               101,491


                                                                               49,186,461            39,524,426


         Representing
          – Time deposits                                                       6,825,347             3,325,724
          – Restricted cash                                                     2,838,783             1,976,589
          – Cash and cash equivalents                                          39,522,331            34,222,113


                                                                               49,186,461            39,524,426

                                                                                                                  279
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  22. SHARE CAPITAL
                                                                                 Foreign ordinary shares
                                                    RMB ordinary shares of       listed outside mainland
                                                         RMB1 each                 China of RMB1 each                   Total

                                                        Number                       Number                       Number
                                                       of shares Share capital      of shares Share capital      of shares Share capital
                                                    (thousands)     RMB’000      (thousands)     RMB’000      (thousands)     RMB’000


      As at 31 December 2021                         7,271,973      7,271,973     3,098,620      3,098,620    10,370,593    10,370,593


      Employee share-based awards scheme
      – Proceeds from share issued                      23,206         23,206              –             –        23,206         23,206
      Conversion of convertible bonds                   93,365         93,365              –             –        93,365         93,365


      As at 31 December 2022                         7,388,544      7,388,544     3,098,620      3,098,620    10,487,164    10,487,164


      As at 31 December 2022                         7,388,544      7,388,544     3,098,620      3,098,620    10,487,164    10,487,164


      Employee share-based awards scheme
      – Proceeds from share issued (Note 23)            10,398         10,398              –             –        10,398         10,398
      – Repurchase and cancellation of restricted
           shares (Note 23)                             (7,328)        (7,328)             –             –        (7,328)        (7,328)


      As at 31 December 2023                         7,391,614      7,391,614     3,098,620      3,098,620    10,490,234    10,490,234




280
                                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                               Annual Report 2023




   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



23. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS
   (a)   Equity-settled share-based payment – the Third A Share Options Scheme and Restricted
         Share Incentive Scheme
         According to the resolution of the extraordinary shareholders’ meeting held on 4 December 2020,
         total 102,101,330 A Share Options (“SO-III”) were granted to 2,872 individuals, including directors,
         senior management and selected key employees (the “SO-III Recipients”). The grant date is 4
         December 2020 (the “Grant Date-SO-III”).

         According to the resolution of the extraordinary shareholders’ meeting held on 4 December 2020,
         total 102,101,330 Restricted Shares (“RS”) were granted to 2,872 individuals, including directors,
         senior management and selected key employees (the “RS Recipients”). The grant date is 4 December
         2020 (the “Grant Date-RS”).


         (I)   The Third A Share Options Scheme
               Each share option represents the right granted to the SO-III Recipients to acquire one share
               of the Company at pre-determined exercise price of RMB9.98 and conditions in the validity
               period as set out in the Third A Share Options Scheme (“SO-III Scheme”). The weighted
               average fair value of SO-III, as estimated at the Grant Date-SO-III, was RMB4.98 per share
               option. This was calculated using the Black-Scholes share option pricing model. The significant
               inputs into the model are listed as follow:

               Exercise price determined at the Grant Date-SO-III                                     RMB9.98
               Expected option life (years)                                                           3.4 years
               Share price at Grant Date-SO-III                                                      RMB13.29
               Estimated volatility of the share price                                                 27.33%
               Estimated dividend yields                                                                 0.00%
               Annual risk-free interest rate during the option life                                     3.06%




                                                                                                                 281
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  23. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
      (a)   Equity-settled share-based payment – the Third A Share Options Scheme and Restricted
            Share Incentive Scheme (Continued)

            (I)   The Third A Share Options Scheme (Continued)
                  The exercise price of SO-III will be adjusted when there is dividend payment, transfer from
                  capital surplus to paid-in capital, distribution of dividends, share split, allotment of shares
                  and share consolidation etc. As of 31 December 2023, the exercise price was adjusted from
                  RMB9.98 to RMB9.32 per share.


                  40%, 30% and 30% of the SO-III granted to the SO-III Recipients will become exercisable
                  once per year in three years starting two years from the Grant Date-SO-III, subject to the
                  Group achieving the performance conditions as set out in the SO-III Scheme. The option has
                  a contractual option term of 5 years starting from the grant date. The Company has no legal
                  or constructive obligation to purchase or settle the granted share options in cash.


                  Movements in the number of SO-III outstanding and their related weighted average exercise
                  prices are as follows:


                                                                2023                             2022
                                                         Average                         Average
                                                         exercise                        exercise
                                                    price in RMB       Number of    price in RMB       Number of
                                                        per share share options         per share share options
                                                           option    (thousands)            option    (thousands)


                  At 1 January                              9.55         64,456             9.78        102,101
                  Exercised – Batch I of SO-III
                    (Note (i))                              9.42         (10,248)           9.55         (23,206)
                  Exercised – Batch II of SO-III
                    (Note (i))                              9.32            (150)              –               –
                  Forfeited – Batch I of SO-III
                    (Note (ii))                             9.32          (2,111)           9.55          (5,275)
                  Forfeited – Batch II of SO-III
                    (Note (ii))                             9.32          (1,160)           9.55          (4,582)
                  Forfeited – Batch III of SO-III
                    (Note (ii))                             9.32          (2,080)           9.55          (4,582)


                  At 31 December                            9.32         48,707             9.55          64,456

282
                                                                                             Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2023




   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



23. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
   (a)   Equity-settled share-based payment – the Third A Share Options Scheme and Restricted
         Share Incentive Scheme (Continued)

         (I)    The Third A Share Options Scheme (Continued)
                (i)    On 12 December 2022 and 11 December 2023, the first one third of SO-III (“Batch I SO-III”) and second one
                       third of SO-III (“Batch II SO-III”) became exercisable. As at 31 December 2023, accumulative 33,454,276
                       units of Batch I SO-III and 149,873 units of Batch II SO-III were exercised by the SO-III Recipients, of which
                       10,248,242 units and 149,873 units were exercised in 2023. Accordingly, share capital and share premium
                       of the Company increased by RMB10,398,000 and RMB87,552,000, respectively. At the same time, the
                       Company derecognised the accumulative employee share option scheme reserve relating to exercised share
                       options of RMB51,782,000 and transferred this amount to share premium.

                (ii)   On 16 November 2023, pursuant to a resolution of the Company’s meeting of directors, 1,160,008 units
                       and 2,079,683 units of Batch II SO-III and third one third of SO-III (“Batch III of SO-III”) were forfeited due
                       to resignation or retirement of recipients, respectively.


                       On 10 December 2023, pursuant to the exercise agreement of SO-III, 2,110,951 units of Batch I were
                       forfeited due to expiry of exercise period.



         (II)   Restricted Share Incentive Scheme
                All restricted shares granted are subject to a lock-up period of 24 months commencing from
                the grant date, followed by an unlocking period of 1 to 3 years (three batches in proportion
                of 40%, 30% and 30% for each 12 months). During the lock-up period, the RS Recipients
                shall not possess the right of disposal, such that the shares shall not be transferred, used as
                collateral or used for debt repayment. After the lock-up period, RS Recipients will be entitled
                to the related shares provided that all of the required performance conditions are met and
                the RS Recipients are still in employment with the Group.


                On 4 December 2020, the Company issued 102,101,330 restricted shares at a price of
                RMB4.99 per share and received an amount of RMB509,486,000 in cash from participants,
                which was included in other payables as equity incentive repurchase obligation of the
                Company. The weighted average fair value of restricted shares, as estimated at the Grant Date-
                RS, was RMB8.30 per share. On 4 December 2020, as a result of the issuance of restricted
                shares, the Company’s share capital and share premium increased by RMB102,101,000
                and RMB407,385,000, respectively. Accordingly, the Company’s treasury shares increased
                by RMB509,486,000.


                As of 31 December 2023, the repurchased price was adjusted from RMB4.99 to RMB4.33
                due to dividend distribution. Accordingly, the Company’s treasury shares and other payables
                as equity incentive repurchase obligation of the Company decreased by RMB12,197,000 and
                RMB12,964,000, respectively.


                                                                                                                                    283
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  23. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
      (a)   Equity-settled share-based payment – the Third A Share Options Scheme and Restricted
            Share Incentive Scheme (Continued)

            (II)   Restricted Share Incentive Scheme (Continued)
                   Movements in the number of RS outstanding and their related weighted average repurchased
                   prices are as follows:


                                                                     2023                                   2022
                                                              Average                               Average
                                                         repurchased        Number of           repurchased       Number of
                                                        price in RMB         restricted        price in RMB         restricted
                                                        per restricted          shares         per restricted          shares
                                                                share     (thousands)                  share     (thousands)


                   Issued and unvested as of
                     1 January                                      4.56            56,373               4.78           102,101
                   Vested – Batch I RS (Note (i))                   4.56                (9)              4.56            (38,401)
                   Vested – Batch II RS (Note (i))                  4.33           (26,985)                 –                  –
                   Forfeited but not repurchased
                     (Note (ii))                                    4.33            (3,330)              4.56             (7,327)


                   Issued and unvested as of 31
                     December                                       4.33            26,049               4.56            56,373

                   (i)    On 12 December 2022, 38,401,047 restricted shares (the first one third of RS (“Batch I RS”)) were vested.
                          Accordingly, treasury shares and other payables as equity incentive repurchase obligation of the Company
                          decreased by RMB175,150,000, respectively.

                          On 16 January 2023 and 11 December 2023, 9,040 restricted shares (Batch I RS) and 26,985,345 restricted
                          shares (the second one third of RS (“Batch II RS”)) were vested. Accordingly, treasury shares and other
                          payables as equity incentive repurchase obligation of the Company decreased by RMB116,847,000,
                          respectively.




284
                                                                                             Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2023




   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



23. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
   (a)   Equity-settled share-based payment – the Third A Share Options Scheme and Restricted
         Share Incentive Scheme (Continued)

         (II)   Restricted Share Incentive Scheme (Continued)
                (ii)   On 21 November 2022, pursuant to a resolution of the Company’s meeting of directors, 7,349,992 units
                       of RS were forfeited due to resignation or retirement of recipients.

                       Pursuant to a supplementary announcement issued on 5 January 2023, 22,600 units of one recipient’s
                       forfeited RS were restored, include 9,040 units, 6,780 units and 6,780 units of Batch I RS, Batch II RS and
                       third one third of RS (“Batch III RS”), respectively. After revision, 7,327,392 units of RS were forfeited, and
                       unvested restricted shares of Batch I, Batch II and Batch III of RS were 9,040 units, 28,181,923 units and
                       28,181,928 units, respectively. As at 31 December 2023, repurchase of forfeited RS has completed. As
                       a result, share capital, share premium and treasury stock of the Company decreased by RMB7,328,000,
                       RMB29,236,000 and RMB36,564,000, respectively.

                       On 16 November 2023, pursuant to a resolution of the Company’s meeting of directors, 3,330,992 units
                       of RS were forfeited due to resignation or retirement of recipients. As at 31 December 2023, repurchase
                       of forfeited RS has not yet completed.



   (b)   Equity-settled share-based payment – the Fourth A Share Options Scheme
         According to the resolution of the extraordinary shareholders’ meeting held on 20 January 2023,
         total 233,896,200 A Share Options (“SO-IV”) were granted to 3,089 individuals, including directors,
         senior management and selected key employees (the “SO-IV Recipients”). The grant date is 20
         January 2023 (the “Grant Date-SO-IV”).


         Pursuant to a supplementary announcement issued on 8 March 2023, 440,800 units of 6 recipients
         were given up for personal reasons. After registration, total 233,455,400 units of SO-IV were granted
         to 3,083 recipients.




                                                                                                                                    285
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  23. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   Equity-settled share-based payment – the Fourth A Share Options Scheme (Continued)
            Each share option represents the right granted to the SO-IV Recipients to acquire one share of
            the Company at pre-determined exercise price of RMB11.99 and conditions in the validity period
            as set out in the Fourth A Share Options Scheme (“SO-IV Scheme”). The weighted average fair
            value of SO-IV, as estimated at the Grant Date-SO-IV, was RMB2.72 per share option. This was
            calculated using the Black-Scholes share option pricing model. The significant inputs into the model
            are listed as follow:


            Exercise price determined at the Grant Date-SO-IV                                        RMB11.99
            Expected option life (years)                                                              3.7 years
            Share price at Grant Date-SO-IV                                                          RMB11.53
            Estimated volatility of the share price                                                     28.20%
            Estimated dividend yields                                                                    0.00%
            Annual risk-free interest rate during the option life                                        2.54%


            The exercise price of SO-IV will be adjusted when there is dividend payment, transfer from capital
            surplus to paid-in capital, distribution of dividends, share split, allotment of shares and share
            consolidation etc. As of 31 December 2023, the exercise price was adjusted from RMB11.99 to
            RMB11.76 per share.


            20%, 40% and 40% of the SO-IV granted to the SO-IV Recipients will become exercisable once per
            year in three years starting two years from the Grant Date-SO-IV, subject to the Group achieving
            the performance conditions as set out in the SO-IV Scheme. The option has a contractual option
            term of 5 years starting from the grant date. The Company has no legal or constructive obligation
            to purchase or settle the granted share options in cash.


      (c)   Total expenses reversed in profit or loss for SO-III and RS in 2023 were RMB27,926,000 and
            RMB50,356,000, respectively. Total expenses recognised in profit or loss for SO-IV in 2023 were
            RMB140,602,000.


            Total expenses recognised in profit or loss for SO-III and RS in 2022 were RMB152,037,000 and
            RMB258,797,000, respectively.




286
      24. RESERVES
                                                                                                                            Investments                                                              Remeasurement
                                                                                                                                 in joint                                                                  of post-
                                                                                                                            ventures and       Foreign     Share-based    Convertible    Statutory      employment
                                                       Share    Treasury       Capital     Special    General     FVOCI       associates     currency     compensation        bonds       surplus            benefit        Total      Retained
                                                     premium       stock       reserve     reserve    reserve    reserve         reserve    translation        reserve       reserve reserve fund        obligations     reserves      earnings         Total
                                                    RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000    RMB’000    RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000


         As at 1 January 2022 as originally
             presented                             31,598,763   (509,486)   (8,983,605)    45,005    413,798    118,649         (64,630)        (7,789)      1,016,728      223,866     5,498,401            (4,240) 29,345,460      50,597,258    79,942,718
         Changes in accounting policy                       –          –             –          –          –           –               –             –               –             –            –                 –             –       20,118        20,118
         As at 1 January 2022 (Restated)           31,598,763   (509,486)   (8,983,605)    45,005    413,798    118,649         (64,630)        (7,789)      1,016,728      223,866     5,498,401            (4,240) 29,345,460      50,617,376    79,962,836


         Profit for the year                                –          –             –          –          –           –               –             –               –             –            –                 –             –     7,978,417     7,978,417
         Appropriation to general reserve fund              –          –             –          –    125,453           –               –             –               –             –            –                 –      125,453       (125,453)            –
         Dividend declared by the Company                   –          –             –          –          –           –               –             –               –             –            –                 –             –    (2,403,559)   (2,403,559)
         Revaluation-gross                                  –          –             –          –           –   (144,976)              –             –               –             –            –                 –      (144,976)            –      (144,976)
         Deferred tax                                       –          –             –          –           –    36,899                –             –               –             –            –                 –       36,899              –       36,899
         Impairment of debt instruments at FVOCI            –          –             –          –           –      1,579               –             –               –             –            –                 –         1,579             –         1,579
         Share of other changes in net assets of
             joint ventures and associates                  –          –      143,553           –           –          –         58,524              –               –             –            –                 –      202,077              –      202,077
         Other currency translation differences             –          –             –          –           –          –               –        6,839                –             –            –                 –         6,839             –         6,839
         Remeasurement of post-employment
             benefit obligations                            –          –             –          –           –          –               –             –               –             –            –               860          860              –          860
         Employee share-based awards scheme
             (Note 23)
         – Value of employee services                       –          –             –          –           –          –               –             –        410,834              –            –                 –      410,834              –      410,834
         – Proceeds from shares issued               313,978    215,903              –          –           –          –               –             –        (115,566)            –            –                 –      414,315              –      414,315
         Transactions with non-controlling
             interests                                      –          –    15,061,788          –           –          –               –             –               –             –            –                 –    15,061,788             –    15,061,788
         Convertible bonds
         – Conversion of convertible bonds          1,406,945          –             –          –           –          –               –             –               –      (122,692)           –                 –     1,284,253             –     1,284,253
         – Redemption of convertible bonds           101,174           –             –          –           –          –               –             –               –      (101,174)           –                 –             –             –             –
         Others                                             –          –             –      4,985           –          –               –             –               –             –            –                 –         4,985             –         4,985


         As at 31 December 2022                    33,420,860   (293,583)    6,221,736     49,990    539,251     12,151           (6,106)         (950)      1,311,996             –    5,498,401            (3,380) 46,750,366      56,066,781 102,817,147                                                       Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




287
288
      24. RESERVES (Continued)
                                                                                                                                 Investments
                                                                                                                                      in joint                                Statutory
                                                                                                                                 ventures and       Foreign    Share-based      surplus Remeasurement of
                                                             Share     Treasury      Capital     Special   General      FVOCI      associates     currency compensation         reserve   post-employment          Total     Retained
                                                           premium        stock      reserve     reserve    reserve    reserve        reserve    translation       reserve        fund benefit obligations      reserves     earnings          Total
                                                          RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000    RMB’000    RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000     RMB’000            RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000


         As at 1 January 2023 (Restated)                 33,420,860    (293,583)   6,221,736     49,990    539,251     12,151          (6,106)         (950)     1,311,996    5,498,401             (3,380)   46,750,366    56,066,781 102,817,147

         Profit for the year                                      –           –            –          –          –          –              –              –              –            –                 –             –      4,428,845     4,428,845
         Appropriation to general reserve fund                    –           –            –          –    118,332          –              –              –              –            –                 –       118,332       (118,332)            –
         Dividend declared by the Company                         –           –            –          –          –          –              –              –              –            –                 –             –     (2,410,637)   (2,410,637)
         Revaluation-gross                                        –           –            –          –          –    172,019              –              –              –            –                 –       172,019              –       172,019
         Deferred tax                                             –           –            –          –          –    (43,438)          (160)             –              –            –             3,229       (40,369)             –       (40,369)
         Share of other changes in net assets of joint
              ventures and associates                             –           –      62,555           –          –          –            640              –              –            –                  –       63,195              –       63,195
         Other currency translation differences                   –           –           –           –          –          –              –         (4,365)             –            –                  –       (4,365)             –       (4,365)
         Remeasurement of post-employment benefit
              obligations                                         –           –            –          –          –          –               –             –              –            –            (10,320)      (10,320)            –       (10,320)
         Employee share-based awards scheme
              (Note 23)
         – Value of employee services                            –           –             –          –          –          –               –             –         60,553            –                  –       60,553              –       60,553
         – Proceeds from shares issued                     139,334           –             –          –          –          –               –             –        (51,782)           –                  –       87,552              –       87,552
         – Vesting of restricted shares                          –     129,044             –          –          –          –               –             –              –            –                  –      129,044              –      129,044
         – Repurchase and cancellation of restricted
              shares                                        (29,236)    36,564             –          –          –          –               –             –              –            –                  –         7,328             –         7,328
         Others                                                   –          –       (28,328)    12,279          –          –               –             –              –            –                  –       (16,049)            –       (16,049)


         As at 31 December 2023                          33,530,958    (127,975)   6,255,963     62,269    657,583    140,732          (5,626)       (5,315)     1,320,767    5,498,401            (10,471)   47,317,286    57,966,657 105,283,943
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                Annual Report 2023




   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



25. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                   2023            2022
                                                                RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                              (Restated)


   Trade payables (Note (a))                                   20,346,567           16,781,918
   Customer deposits (Note (c))                                 8,113,924            6,473,637
   Notes payable (Note (d))                                     7,237,278              964,550
   Employee benefits payable                                    4,386,085            3,458,508
   Sales rebate                                                 2,648,626            1,401,744
   Insurance contract liabilities                               2,563,851            1,932,270
   Payable for mould expenses                                   1,653,170            1,274,838
   Development cost payables                                    1,392,202            1,587,578
   Advertising expense payables                                 1,331,177              599,537
   Construction cost payables                                     971,783              616,528
   Other taxes (Note (b))                                         743,354              577,752
   Taxes related to contract liabilities                          497,909              292,917
   Financial liabilities arising from continuing involvement
     (Note 16(b))                                                 397,160              195,160
   Assets sold under agreements to repurchase                     380,704              316,556
   Deposit payables                                               268,272              327,961
   Treasury stock payable                                         127,209              290,432
   Government grants                                               67,270              112,280
   Other payables                                               4,040,590            3,713,401


                                                               57,167,131           40,917,567


   Less: non-current portion of trade and other payables       (1,424,654)             (761,728)


   Current portion                                             55,742,477           40,155,839




                                                                                                 289
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  25. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES (Continued)
      (a)   As at 31 December 2023 and 2022, ageing analysis of trade payables is presented on the basis of the date of the relevant
            invoices as follows:

                                                                                                    As at 31 December
                                                                                                       2023                2022
                                                                                                    RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                                                      (Restated)


            Within 1 year                                                                         20,096,320              15,672,842
            Between 1 and 2 years                                                                    113,500                 951,895
            Between 2 and 3 years                                                                     34,250                  62,148
            Over 3 years                                                                             102,497                  95,033


                                                                                                  20,346,567              16,781,918


      (b)   Balances of other taxes include value-added tax payables, consumption tax payables and other taxes payables.

      (c)   The balance represents deposits mainly placed by customers to a subsidiary of the Group in relation to its provision of
            financing service. The interest rate as at 31 December 2023 is adjusted to the prevailing savings interest rate published by
            the PBOC.

      (d)   As at 31 December 2023, certain notes payable were secured by the Group’s inventories (Note 17).

      (e)   The carrying amounts of the Group’s trade and other payables are denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                                    As at 31 December
                                                                                                       2023                2022
                                                                                                    RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                                                      (Restated)


            RMB                                                                                   57,162,865              40,856,181
            HKD                                                                                        2,373                   3,828
            USD                                                                                        1,893                  57,558


                                                                                                  57,167,131              40,917,567




290
                                                            Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                             Annual Report 2023




   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



26. BORROWINGS
                                                             As at 31 December
                                                                2023           2022
                                                             RMB’000        RMB’000


   Non-current
   Borrowings from banks and other financial institutions
    – secured (Note (a))                                             –               72,909
    – unsecured                                              8,677,245            4,780,643


                                                             8,677,245            4,853,552

   Securitization debts (Note (i))                           1,443,427              498,767
   Recourse financing (Note (j))                                38,108               29,345
   Borrowings related to automotive lease-back (Note (k))            –              315,619
   Entrusted loans – unsecured                                 225,470                    –


   Total non-current borrowings                             10,384,250            5,697,283


   Current
   Borrowings from banks and other financial institutions
    – secured (Note (a))                                     6,952,299            2,842,946
    – unsecured                                              8,695,565            6,394,159


                                                            15,647,864            9,237,105

   Corporate bonds-guaranteed (Note (h))                             –            2,999,133
   Securitization debts (Note (i))                           1,264,451              899,773
   Borrowings related to automotive lease-back (Note (k))            –              214,629
   Recourse financing (Note (j))                               193,311              206,943
   Interest payables                                            41,344              155,245
   Entrusted loans – unsecured                                 584,703              100,000


   Total current borrowings                                 17,731,673           13,812,828


   Total borrowings                                         28,115,923           19,510,111




                                                                                               291
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  26. BORROWINGS (Continued)
      (a)   As at 31 December 2023, the Group’s borrowings were secured by the Group’s certain property, plant and equipment,
            restricted cash, inventories and long-term receivables.

      (b)   The exposure of the Group’s borrowings to interest rate changes and the contractual repricing dates at the balance sheet
            dates are as follows:

                                                                                                   As at 31 December
                                                                                                      2023              2022
                                                                                                   RMB’000           RMB’000


            Within 1 year                                                                        26,232,843               17,101,664
            Between 1 and 5 years                                                                 1,883,080                2,408,447


                                                                                                 28,115,923               19,510,111


      (c)   The maturities of the Group’s total borrowings at respective balance sheet dates are set out as follows:

                                                                As at 31 December                        As at 31 December
                                                                        2023                                     2022
                                                          Bank borrowings         Others           Bank borrowings         Others
                                                               RMB’000         RMB’000                 RMB’000           RMB’000


            Within 1 year                                     15,647,864           2,083,809           9,237,105           4,575,723
            Between 1 and 2 years                              3,817,733           1,707,005           1,846,197             675,360
            Between 2 and 5 years                              4,620,620                   –           2,806,104             168,371
            Over 5 years                                         238,892                   –             201,251                   –


                                                              24,325,109           3,790,814         14,090,657            5,419,454


      (d)   The carrying amounts of the Group’s borrowings are all denominated in RMB.

      (e)   The weighted average effective interest rates at the respective balance sheet dates are set out as follows:

                                                                                                    As at 31 December
                                                                                                       2023                    2022


            Borrowings from banks and other financial institutions                                    3.09%                   3.23%
            Corporate bonds                                                                               –                   5.23%
            Borrowings related to automotive lease-back                                                   –                   4.50%
            Recourse financing                                                                        4.98%                   5.07%
            Securitization debts                                                                      2.95%                   3.66%
            Entrusted loans from related parties                                                      0.08%                   2.25%


      (f)   As at 31 December 2023, the fair value of the non-current borrowings is approximately RMB10,034,055,000 (2022:
            RMB5,468,526,000). The carrying amount of the Group’s current borrowings is approximate to their fair value.

      (g)   The Group has complied with the financial covenants of its borrowing facilities during the years ended 31 December 2023
            and 2022.

292
                                                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



26. BORROWINGS (Continued)
   (h)   In March 2013, the Company issued ten-year period corporate bonds with par value of RMB3,000,000,000 at the weighted
         average effective interest rate of 5.23% per annum. The related interest is payable on an annual basis. These corporate
         bonds are with a full-amount, unconditional, irrevocable and jointly-liability guarantee by GAIG. These corporate bonds has
         been fully redeemed at par in March 2023.

   (i)   The Group has securitized certain finance lease receivables and issued RMB1,000,000,000 asset-backed securities (“ABS-
         2021”) in 2021. During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group issued ABS-2021 of RMB1,000,000,000, out of
         which RMB950,000,000 represented senior tranche and RMB50,000,000 represented subordinate tranche, which was fully
         acquired by the Group. The ABS-2021 bore interest from 26 November 2021 at 2.8%-6.5% per annum. The Group has
         already repaid ABS-2021 of approximately RMB859,204,000 by the end of 31 December 2023.

         The Group has securitized certain finance lease receivables and issued RMB1,501,000,000 asset-backed notes (“ABN-
         2022-1”) in 2022. During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group issued ABN-2022-1 of RMB1,501,000,000, out of
         which RMB1,414,000,000 represented senior tranche and RMB87,000,000 represented subordinate tranche, which was
         fully acquired by the Group. The ABN-2022-1 bore interest from 16 January 2022 at 3.55%-6.30% per annum. The Group
         has already repaid ABN-2022-1 of approximately RMB1,226,691,000 by the end of 31 December 2023.

         The Group has securitized certain finance lease receivables and issued RMB800,000,000 asset-backed notes (“ABN-
         2023-3”) in 2023. During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group issued ABN-2023-3 of RMB800,000,000, out of
         which RMB745,000,000 represented senior tranche and RMB55,000,000 represented subordinate tranche, which was fully
         acquired by the Group. The ABN-2023-3 bore interest from 28 August 2023 at 2.50%-4.50% per annum. The Group has
         already repaid ABN-2023-3 of approximately RMB134,163,000 by the end of 31 December 2023.

         The Group has securitized certain finance lease receivables and issued RMB1,542,200,000 asset-backed securities (“ABS-
         2023-2”) in 2023. During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group issued ABS-2023-2 of RMB1,542,200,000, out of
         which RMB1,433,000,000 represented senior tranche and RMB109,200,000 represented subordinate tranche, which was
         fully acquired by the Group. The ABS-2023-2 bore interest from 5 September 2023 at 2.39%-4.20% per annum. The Group
         has already repaid ABS-2023-2 of approximately RMB318,024,000 by the end of 31 December 2023.

         The Group has securitized certain finance lease receivables and issued RMB1,000,000,000 asset-backed securities (“ABS-
         2023-3”) in 2023. During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group issued ABS-2023-3 of RMB1,000,000,000, out
         of which RMB860,000,000 represented senior tranche and RMB140,000,000 represented subordinate tranche, which was
         fully acquired by the Group. The ABS-2023-3 bore interest from 1 November 2023 at 2.80%-3.60% per annum. The Group
         has already repaid ABS-2023-3 of approximately RMB110,040,000 by the end of 31 December 2023.

         As the Group retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the above financial lease receivables related to
         the ABS-2021, ABN-2022-1, ABN-2023-3, ABS-2023-2 and ABS-2023-3, the Group continues to recognise the finance
         lease receivables. The securities are repaid as collections on the underlying collateralized assets occur and the amounts
         are included in borrowings.

   (j)   As at 31 December 2023 and 2022, a subsidiary of the Group has entered into several factoring agreements. Those factoring
         borrowings were recoursed to the finance lease receivables.

   (k)   As at 31 December 2022, a subsidiary of the Group has entered into several automotive lease-back agreements with several
         financial institutions. Those lease-back borrowings are recoursed to the finance lease receivables, which have been repaid
         in 2023.




                                                                                                                                    293
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  27. PROVISIONS
                                                                                              As at 31 December
                                                                                                 2023           2022
                                                                                              RMB’000        RMB’000


      Non-current
      Warranty provisions (Note (i))                                                            923,713                590,987
      Litigation provisions                                                                      45,293                 42,843
      Onerous contracts                                                                          53,157                 41,361
      Other provisions                                                                            8,327                  7,077


      Total non-current provisions                                                           1,030,490                 682,268


      Current
      Warranty provisions (Note (i))                                                            545,905                344,740


      Total provisions                                                                       1,576,395              1,027,008

      (i)   Provision for product warranties granted by the Group for certain products is recognised based on sales volume and past
            experience of the level of repairs and returns, discounted to their present value as appropriate.




  28. GOVERNMENT GRANTS

                                                                                          Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                2023           2022
                                                                                            RMB’000         RMB’000


      Beginning of the year                                                                  2,182,978              2,195,521
      Increase in grant                                                                        305,810                376,084
      Amount recognised in profit or loss (Note 29)                                           (377,829)              (388,627)


      End of the year                                                                        2,110,959              2,182,978




294
                                                                                            Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                              Annual Report 2023




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



29. PROFIT BEFORE INCOME TAX
   The Group’s profit before income tax is arrived at after charging/(crediting):


                                                                                         Year ended 31 December
                                                                                               2023            2022
                                                                                           RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                                                           (Restated)


   Raw materials and consumables used                                                    110,088,386              81,491,654
   Changes in inventories of finished goods, merchandise and
     work-in-progress                                                                       (5,579,572)            (2,890,112)
   Depreciation and amortisation (Notes 7, 8, 9 and 10)                                      7,294,359              6,689,763
   Impairment charges of property, plant and equipment (Note 7)                                140,430                141,613
   Impairment charges of intangible assets (Note 10)                                           927,286              1,090,605
   Impairment charges of inventories                                                           290,868                254,468
   Taxes and levies                                                                          2,942,118              2,242,201
   Transportation and traveling expenses                                                     2,228,499              2,169,089
   Advertising costs                                                                         3,133,897              2,172,931
   Warranty expenses (Note (iii))                                                            1,163,377                548,204
   Amortisation of government grants (Note 28)                                                (377,829)              (388,627)
   Operating lease expenses (Note 8(b))                                                         43,105                 75,231
   Auditors’ remuneration
     – Audit service                                                                            21,081                 19,449
     – Non-audit service                                                                         8,362                  6,702

   (i)     For the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group recognised research and development expenditure of approximately
           RMB4,845,904,000 (2022: RMB4,678,858,000) as cost of sales and administrative expenses in the profit or loss, including
           current year expensed research costs of approximately RMB1,361,346,000 (2022: RMB1,419,016,000) and amortisation
           of capitalised development costs of approximately RMB3,484,558,000 (2022: RMB3,259,842,000) (Note 10).

   (ii)    For the information of employee benefit expenses, please refer to Note 30.

   (iii)   For the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group recognised warranty expenses as selling and distribution costs in the
           profit or loss (2022: same).




                                                                                                                                295
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  30. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES
                                                                                              Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                    2023           2022
                                                                                                RMB’000         RMB’000


      Wages and salaries                                                                       10,559,756                8,833,873
      Pension scheme and other social security costs (Note (a))                                 1,579,633                1,228,068
      (Reversal)/recognition of share-based compensation expenses
        for SO-III and RS (Note 23)                                                                 (78,282)               410,834
      Recognition of share-based compensation expenses for SO-IV
        (Note 23)                                                                                  140,602                       –
      Housing benefits (Note (b))                                                                  736,498                 615,662
      Welfare, medical and other expenses                                                          785,604               1,191,767


                                                                                               13,723,811              12,280,204


      (a)   The Group’s employees in the PRC are covered by certain defined contribution pension schemes regulated by the relevant
            municipal and provincial governments in the PRC, pursuant to which the municipal and provincial governments undertake
            to assume the retirement benefit obligations payable to all existing and retired employees. The contributions to the scheme
            are expensed as incurred.

            During the year ended 31 December 2022 and 2023, there were no forfeited contributions (by employers on behalf of
            employees who leave the scheme prior to vesting fully in such contributions) may be used to offset existing contributions
            under the defined contribution pension schemes.

            The Group operates defined benefit pension plan and post-employment medical plans for certain employees. Expenses are
            recognised when employees have rendered services entitling them to the contribution.

            The amount of defined benefit pension plan and post-employment medical plans represents the present value of the total
            estimated amount of future benefits that the Group is committed to pay for eligible employees as at the end of the reporting
            period. The Group’s obligations were estimated using projected unit credit method by qualified staff (member of China
            Association of Actuaries and member of society of Actuaries in America) of an external independent actuary Willis Towers
            Watson Public Limited Company.

            During the year ended 31 December 2023, a provision of approximately RMB111,603,000 (2022: RMB89,897,000) was
            recognised related to defined benefit pension plan and post-employment medical plans. For the year ended 31 December
            2023, remeasurement losses arising from changes in actuarial assumptions of RMB10,320,000 (2022: gains of RMB860,000)
            are recognised in other comprehensive income. There were no plan assets related to the defined benefit pension plan and
            post-employment medical plans of the Group.




296
                                                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023




    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



30. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES (Continued)
         The significant actuarial assumptions for the defined benefit pension plan and post-employment medical plans were as follows:

                                                                                                       2023                    2022


         Discount rate                                                                              2.50%                     3.00%
         Annual increase rate of supplemental medical insurance                                     2.00%                     2.00%
         Annual increase rate of physical examination benefits                                      2.00%                     2.00%
         Death rate                                                                  China life Insurance       China life Insurance
                                                                                         life expectancy            life expectancy
                                                                                              (2010-2013)               (2010-2013)


         As at 31 December 2023, if the discount rate had been 25 basis points higher/lower respectively, the present value of the
         established benefit plan obligation would have been RMB3,110,000 lower or RMB3,240,000 higher. The above sensitivity
         analyses are based on a change in an assumption while holding all other assumptions constant. In practice, this is unlikely
         to occur, and changes in some of the assumptions may be correlated. When calculating the sensitivity of the defined benefit
         obligation to significant actuarial assumptions the same method has been applied as when calculating the defined benefit
         liability recognised in the consolidated balance sheet.

   (b)   The Group’s contributions to the defined contribution housing fund scheme administered by a government agency are
         determined at a certain percentage of the salaries of the employees. The contributions to the scheme are expensed as
         incurred.

   (c)   Five highest paid individuals

         The five individuals whose emoluments were the highest in the Group for the year ended 31 December 2023 include 1
         director (2022: 1 director) whose emoluments are reflected in the analysis presented in Note 41. The emoluments to the
         remaining 4 (2022: 4) individuals during the year are as follows:

                                                                                               Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                     2023              2022
                                                                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000


         Basic salaries, housing fund and other allowances                                            4,051                   4,039
         Employer’s contributions to a retirement benefit scheme                                      1,094                   1,009
         Discretionary Bonuses                                                                        4,589                   8,019


                                                                                                      9,734                  13,067




                                                                                                                                       297
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  30. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES (Continued)
      (c)   Five highest paid individuals (Continued)

            The number of non-directors/non-supervisors, highest paid employees whose remuneration fell within the following bands
            are as follows:

                                                                                              Number of employees
                                                                                             Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                   2023                    2022


            RMB2,000,001 – 2,500,000                                                                    4                      –
            RMB2,500,001 – 3,000,000                                                                    –                      –
            RMB3,000,001 – 3,500,000                                                                    –                      3
            RMB3,500,001 – 4,000,000                                                                    –                      1


                                                                                                        4                      4




  31. OTHER GAINS/(LOSSES) – NET
                                                                                          Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                2023           2022
                                                                                            RMB’000         RMB’000


      Government grants (Note (i))                                                           1,358,072                671,332
      Net investment income related to investment in financial assets                          263,479                146,710
      Gains on acquisition of subsidiaries (Note 40)                                            53,274                 35,361
      Gains on disposal of property, plant and equipment and
        intangible assets                                                                        49,480                  5,084
      Gains on disposal of investments in joint ventures and
        associates                                                                                1,517                 10,425
      Foreign exchange gains                                                                      1,063                 51,027
      Impairment loss of investments in a joint venture                                               –            (1,506,000)
      Donations                                                                                  (3,505)                 (1,748)
      Net fair value losses on financial assets at FVPL (Note 15)                               (41,131)             (318,657)
      Impairment loss on goodwill in a subsidiary (Note 10)                                     (72,239)                      –
      Others                                                                                     39,459                (28,955)


                                                                                             1,649,469               (935,421)




298
                                                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



31. OTHER GAINS/(LOSSES) – NET (Continued)
   (i)   Deferral and presentation of government grants

         Grants from the government are recognised at their fair value where there is a reasonable assurance that the grant will be
         received and the Group will comply with all attached conditions.

         Government grants relating to costs are deferred and recognised in profit or loss over the period necessary to match them
         with the costs that they are intended to compensate.

         Government grants relating to property, plant and equipment and intangible assets are included in non-current liabilities as
         deferred government grants and are credited to profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the expected lives of the related
         assets.

         Government grants are deducted in reporting the related expenses, when appropriate.




32. INTEREST INCOME
                                                                                           Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                 2023           2022
                                                                                             RMB’000         RMB’000


   Interest income from time deposits and long-term deposits                                     288,137                 150,404
   Interest income from cash and cash equivalents and
     restricted cash                                                                             484,993                 330,520
   Interest income from entrusted loans                                                            1,229                  10,252


                                                                                                 774,359                 491,176



33. FINANCE COSTS
                                                                                           Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                 2023            2022
                                                                                             RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                                                            (Restated)


   Interest expense                                                                              431,764                 376,852
   Interest expense on lease liabilities                                                          99,840                   73,817
   Interest capitalised in qualifying assets                                                     (64,281)                 (98,888)


                                                                                                 467,323                 351,781

                                                                                                                                    299
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  34. INCOME TAX CREDIT
                                                                                            Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                  2023           2022
                                                                                              RMB’000         RMB’000


      Current income tax                                                                          400,245                321,148
      Deferred tax (Note 13)                                                                     (615,708)              (856,688)


                                                                                                 (215,463)              (535,540)


      The tax on the Group’s profit before tax differs from the theoretical amount that would arise using the
      average tax rate applicable to profits of the consolidated entities as follows:


                                                                                            Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                  2023           2022
                                                                                              RMB’000         RMB’000


      Profit before income tax                                                                 3,524,698              7,368,374


      Notional tax on profit before income tax, calculated at the rates
        applicable to profits in the tax jurisdictions concerned (Note (i))                    1,151,956               1,983,237
      Share of profit of joint ventures and associates                                        (1,969,213)             (3,545,725)
      Fair value losses on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                     895                   85,726
      Expenses not deductible for corporate income tax                                            37,021                   41,171
      Utilisation of previously unrecognised tax losses                                          (70,072)                 (30,129)
      Unused tax losses and deductible temporary differences for
        which no deferred tax asset was recognised                                                843,675             1,190,475
      Super deduction of research and development expenses                                       (209,725)             (260,295)


      Income tax credit                                                                          (215,463)              (535,540)

      (i)    The tax rates applicable to the Company and its major subsidiaries for the year ended 31 December 2023 are 15% or 25%
             (2022: 15% or 25%).

             Certain subsidiaries are subject to Hong Kong profits tax, which has been provided at the rate of 16.5% (2022: 16.5%) on
             the estimated assessable profits for the year ended 31 December 2023.

             The Group’s subsidiaries, China Lounge Investment Ltd. and Denway, are recognised as PRC resident taxpayer by Guangzhou
             Yuexiu District Local Taxation Bureau, and are subject to the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law.


300
                                                                             Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                              Annual Report 2023




   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



35. OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME, NET OF TAX
                                                                           Year ended 31 December
                                                                                 2023           2022
                                                                             RMB’000         RMB’000


   Change in fair value of FVOCI (Note 14)                                     173,911               (146,887)
   Impairment loss on debt instruments at FVOCI                                      –                  1,537
   Exchange difference on translation of foreign operations                     (3,247)                 6,839
   Share of other comprehensive income of joint ventures and
     associates accounted for using the equity method                               640                58,524
   Remeasurement of post-employment benefit obligations                         (10,320)                  860
   Income tax relating to these items (Note 13)                                 (40,369)               36,899


                                                                               120,615                (42,228)



36. EARNINGS PER SHARE
   (a)   Basic
         Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the consolidated profit attributable to owners of
         the Company by the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue less restricted shares
         during the year.


                                                                           Year ended 31 December
                                                                                 2023            2022
                                                                             RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                                            (Restated)


         Profit attributable to owners of the Company                        4,428,845             7,978,417
         Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue less
           restricted shares (thousands)                                    10,429,396            10,360,533


         Basic earnings per share (RMB per share)                                   0.42                  0.77




                                                                                                                 301
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  36. EARNINGS PER SHARE (Continued)
      (b)   Diluted
            Diluted earnings per share is calculated by adjusting the weighted average number of ordinary
            shares outstanding to assume conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares. The Company
            had different categories of dilutive potential ordinary shares: convertible bonds, share options and
            restricted shares. 1) The convertible bonds are assumed to have been converted into ordinary
            shares, and the net profit is adjusted to eliminate the interest expense. The convertible bonds were
            converted into shares of the Company by certain convertible bond holders and fully redeemed by
            the Company as at 24 January 2022. 2) For the share options and restricted shares, calculations
            are done to determine the number of shares that could have been acquired at fair value (determined
            as the average market share price of the Company’s shares for the year ended 31 December 2023)
            based on the monetary value of the subscription rights attached to outstanding share options, and
            at subscription price of restricted shares, respectively. The numbers of shares calculated as above
            are compared with the numbers of shares that would have been issued assuming the exercise of
            the share options, and the numbers of restricted shares that would have been unlocked assuming
            all related conditions fulfilled, respectively.


                                                                               Year ended 31 December
                                                                                     2023              2022
                                                                                 RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                                  (Restated)


            Profit attributable to owners of the Company                         4,428,845           7,978,417
            Add: Interest expense on convertible bonds                                   –               5,131


            Profit used to determine diluted earnings per share                  4,428,845           7,983,548


            Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue less
              restricted shares (thousands)                                     10,429,396          10,360,533
            Add: weighted average number of ordinary shares assuming
                    conversion of all share-based awards (thousands)                21,298              54,390
            Add: weighted average number of ordinary shares assuming
                    conversion of all convertible bonds (thousands)                       –              8,755
            Weighted average number of ordinary shares for diluted earnings
              per share (thousands)                                             10,450,694          10,423,678


            Diluted earnings per share (RMB per share)                                 0.42               0.77

302
                                                                             Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                              Annual Report 2023




    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



37. DIVIDENDS
                                                                           Year ended 31 December
                                                                                 2023           2022
                                                                             RMB’000         RMB’000


   Interim dividend paid of RMB0.05 (2022: RMB0.06) per
     ordinary share                                                            524,277               627,837
   Proposed final dividend of RMB0.10 (2022: RMB0.18) per
     ordinary share                                                           1,048,690            1,888,243


                                                                              1,572,967            2,516,080


   Dividends paid in 2023 and 2022 were approximately RMB2,411,402,000 and RMB2,406,710,000,
   respectively. A final dividend in respect of the year ended 31 December 2023 of RMB0.1 per ordinary share,
   amounting to a total dividend of approximately RMB1,048,690,000 is to be proposed at the forthcoming
   annual general meeting. These financial statements do not reflect this dividend payable.




                                                                                                               303
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  38. CASH FLOWS INFORMATION
      (a)   Cash generated from/(used in) operations
                                                                                                        Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                              2023              2022
                                                                                                          RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                                                           (Restated)


            Profit for the year                                                                          3,740,161          7,903,914
            Adjustments for:
              – Income tax credit (Note 34)                                                                (215,463)         (535,540)
              – Depreciation (Notes 7, 8 and 9)                                                           3,439,836         3,145,140
              – Amortisation (Note 10)                                                                    3,854,523         3,544,623
              – Amortisation of government grants related to assets (Note 28)                              (377,829)         (388,627)
              – Impairment losses on financial assets (Note 3.1.2)                                          455,902           627,724
              – Impairment charges of inventories (Note 29)                                                 290,868           254,468
              – Impairment charges of property, plant and equipment (Note 7)                                140,430           141,660
              – Impairment charges of intangible assets (Note 10)                                           927,286         1,090,605
              – Impairment charges of land use rights (Note 8)                                                  660                   –
              – Impairment charges of the investment in a joint venture                                           –         1,506,000
              – Gains on disposal of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets (Note 31)          (49,480)             (5,084)
              – Interest income (Note 32)                                                                  (774,359)         (491,176)
              – Finance costs (Note 33)                                                                     467,323           351,781
              – Gains on disposal of investments in joint ventures and associates (Note 31)                  (1,517)           (10,425)
              – Gains on acquisition of subsidiaries (Note 31)                                              (53,274)           (35,361)
              – Foreign exchange gains on cash and cash equivalents                                          (4,056)           (36,736)
              – Share of profit of joint ventures and associates (Note 11)                               (8,349,006)      (14,065,159)
              – Net investment income related to investment in financial assets (Note 31)                  (263,479)         (146,710)
              – Net fair value losses on financial assets at FVPL (Note 31)                                  41,131           318,657
              – Share-based compensation expenses (Note 24)                                                  60,553           410,834


                                                                                                         3,330,210          3,580,588

            Changes in working capital (excluding the effects of acquisition and exchange differences
              on consolidation):
              – Inventories                                                                             (4,592,958)        (4,528,032)
              – Trade and other receivables                                                             (6,551,269)        (7,897,392)
              – Restricted cash                                                                           (862,194)          (352,842)
              – Trade and other payables                                                                14,094,634          3,750,137
              – Contract liabilities                                                                       615,755           (602,020)
              – Provisions                                                                                 549,387            109,805
              – Financial assets at fair value through OCI                                              (1,180,179)            76,763


            Cash generated from/(used in) operations                                                     5,403,386         (5,862,993)
304
                                                                                        Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2023




    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



38. CASH FLOWS INFORMATION (Continued)
   (b)   Non-cash transaction
         (i)     Non-cash transaction of acquisition and disposal of right-of-use assets is disclosed in Note
                 8.


   (c)   Reconciliation of liabilities
         The reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities is as follows:


                                                                                       Trade
                                                                                   and other
                                                                                   payables-
                                                                                      assets
                                                                                  sold under
                                                   Borrowings     Borrowings     agreements
                                                    due within      due after             to        Leases
                                                        1 year         1 year    repurchase      liabilities       Total
                                                     RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000


         As at 1 January 2023                      (13,812,828)    (5,697,283)      (316,556)   (1,574,241)    (21,400,908)
         Financing cash flows                        2,374,384    (10,135,151)       (64,148)      577,043      (7,247,872)
         Reclassification                           (6,028,567)     6,028,567              –             –               –
         Other changes:
            – Interest charge                         (310,179)      (121,585)             –       (99,840)       (531,604)
            – Interest payments (presented as
                operating cash flows)                  991,966              –              –        99,840       1,091,806
            – Acquisition of a subsidiary             (720,553)      (225,470)             –       363,924        (582,099)
            – Acquisition of right-of-use assets             –              –              –    (1,429,051)     (1,429,051)
            – Disposals of right-of-use assets               –              –              –       127,865         127,865
            – Others (Note (i))                       (225,896)      (233,328)             –             –        (459,224)


         As at 31 December 2023                    (17,731,673)   (10,384,250)      (380,704)   (1,934,460)    (30,431,087)




                                                                                                                           305
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  38. CASH FLOWS INFORMATION (Continued)
      (c)   Reconciliation of liabilities (Continued)
                                                                                     Liabilities from financing activities
                                                                                       Trade
                                                                                   and other                               Trade
                                                                                   payables-             Trade        and other
                                                                                      assets         and other        payables-
                                                Borrowings      Borrowings        sold under         payables- repayments of
                                                 due within       due after   agreements to               other loan payable to        Leases
                                                     1 year          1 year      repurchase           payables     a third-party     liabilities        Total
                                                  RMB’000        RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000


            As at 1 January 2022                 (9,888,738)    (7,526,724)        (528,976)         (136,112)         (200,000)   (1,463,727)     (19,744,277)
            Financing cash flows                  2,567,034     (5,525,833)         212,420            (78,196)         200,000       288,494        (2,336,081)
            Reclassification                     (7,359,286)     7,359,286                –                  –                –             –                 –
            Other changes:
               – Interest charge                   (372,595)        (4,012)                –                 –                –       (73,817)        (450,424)
               – Interest payments (presented
                    as operating cash flows)       829,609               –                 –                 –                –        73,817         903,426
               – Conversion of convertible
                    bonds                        1,377,618               –                 –                 –                –               –     1,377,618
               – Acquisition of right-of-use
                    assets                                 –             –                 –                 –                –     (463,164)         (463,164)
               – Disposals of right-of-use
                    assets                                 –             –                 –                 –                –        64,156           64,156
               – Acquisition of inventories
                    using domestic letter of
                    credit                         (900,000)             –                 –                 –                –               –       (900,000)
               – Others (Note (i))                   (66,470)            –                 –                 –                –               –         (66,470)


            As at 31 December 2022              (13,812,828)    (5,697,283)        (316,556)         (214,308)                –    (1,574,241)     (21,615,216)


            (i)       Other changes mainly include interest cost of a subsidiary providing finance lease service.




306
                                                                           Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                            Annual Report 2023




    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



38. CASH FLOWS INFORMATION (Continued)
   (d)   The Group has securitized certain finance lease receivables and issued RMB4,125,000,000
         (2022: RMB4,081,000,000) asset-backed securities in 2023. Since the Group has neither
         transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial
         lease receivables and retained control of the underlying assets as at 31 December 2023, the
         Group derecognised the transferred finance lease receivables which is qualified for derecognition
         amounting to approximately RMB3,923,000,000 (2022: RMB3,885,840,000) with the consideration
         of approximately RMB3,923,000,000 (2022: RMB3,885,840,000). The Group received approximately
         RMB3,889,221,000 (2022: RMB3,796,535,000) after deducting the issue cost and classified as
         cash flows from financing activities in the consolidated statement of cash flow.

39. COMMITMENTS
   (a)   Capital commitments
         The capital commitments as at the end of the reporting period are as follows:


                                                                            As at 31 December
                                                                               2023           2022
                                                                            RMB’000        RMB’000


         Property, plant and equipment
           – Contracted but not provided for                               1,611,633             1,344,961
           – Authorised but not contracted for                               472,184               495,617


                                                                           2,083,817             1,840,578


         Intangible assets
           – Contracted but not provided for                                     520                24,558
           – Authorised but not contracted for                             1,889,040             1,978,555


                                                                           1,889,560             2,003,113


                                                                           3,973,377             3,843,691




                                                                                                             307
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  39. COMMITMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   Non-cancellable operating leases
            The investment properties and certain property, plant and equipment are leased to tenants under
            operating leases with rentals payable monthly. For details of the leasing arrangements of investment
            properties, refer to Note 9.


                                                                                 As at 31 December
                                                                                    2023           2022
                                                                                 RMB’000        RMB’000


            Minimum lease payments receivable on leases of
              investment properties and certain property, plant and
              equipment are as follows:
            Within 1 year                                                         111,076             117,462
            Between 1 and 2 years                                                  69,748              96,010
            Between 2 and 3 years                                                  68,820              64,230
            Between 3 and 4 years                                                  65,237              60,300
            Between 4 and 5 years                                                  52,714              57,816
            Later than 5 years                                                    323,997             360,324


                                                                                  691,592             756,142


            The Group leases various properties, vehicles, offices and other equipment under non-cancellable
            operating leases expiring within 6 months to 20 years. The leases have varying terms and renewal
            rights. On renewal, the terms of the leases are renegotiated.


            From 1 January 2019, the Group has recognised right-of-use assets for these leases, except for
            short-term and low-value leases, see Note 8 for further information.




308
                                                                            Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                             Annual Report 2023




    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



39. COMMITMENTS (Continued)
   (b)   Non-cancellable operating leases (Continued)
         As at 31 December 2023, the Group’s future aggregate minimum lease payments of leases not
         yet commenced to which the Group is committed are listed as follows:


                                                                            As at 31 December
                                                                               2023           2022
                                                                            RMB’000        RMB’000


         Within 1 year                                                          11,186                 6,276
         Between 1 and 5 years                                                   2,452                 3,228
         Over 5 years                                                              114                 3,024


                                                                                13,752                12,528



40. BUSINESS COMBINATION
   40.1 Acquisition of GAC Mitsubishi

         (a)   Summary of acquisition
               On 28 December 2023, the Group acquired 50% of the equity interests on GAC Mitsubishi,
               a previous joint venture of the Group, with a purchase consideration of RMB2.


               Details of the purchase consideration, the net assets acquired are as follows:


                                                                                                   RMB’000


               Purchase consideration – Cash paid (refer to (b) below)                                       –




                                                                                                                 309
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  40. BUSINESS COMBINATION (Continued)
      40.1 Acquisition of GAC Mitsubishi (Continued)

           (a)   Summary of acquisition (Continued)
                 The assets and liabilities recognised as a result of the acquisition are as follows:


                                                                                                                   Fair value
                                                                                                                    RMB’000


                 Cash                                                                                                873,634
                 Trade and other receivables (Note (i))                                                               68,639
                 Inventories                                                                                            9,332
                 Buildings                                                                                         1,388,422
                 Land                                                                                                894,113
                 Investment properties                                                                                  6,697
                 Loans from previous shareholders (Note (ii))                                                     (1,525,642)
                 Trade and other payables (Note (iii))                                                            (1,497,046)
                 Bank borrowings                                                                                    (205,850)
                 Deferred income tax liabilities                                                                       (8,862)


                 Net identifiable assets acquired                                                                        3,437


                 Less: negative goodwill                                                                                (3,437)


                 Net assets acquired                                                                                          –

                 (i)    Acquired receivables

                        Acquired receivables include trade receivables, other receivables, prepayments and other current assets.
                        The fair value of acquired trade receivables is RMB35,449,000. The gross contractual amount for trade
                        receivables due is RMB40,719,000 with a loss allowance of RMB5,270,000 recognised on acquisition.
                        The fair value of acquired other receivables is RMB23,615,000. The gross contractual amount for other
                        receivables due is RMB23,615,000 with no loss allowance recognised on acquisition.

                 (ii)   Loans from previous shareholders

                        Acquired loans from previous shareholders include the entrusted loans from Mitsubishi Motors Corporation
                        and Mitsubishi Corporation with the total fair value of RMB740,173,000, which are interest-free, unsecured
                        and repayable in accordance with normal commercial terms. Loans from the Company with the total fair
                        value of RMB785,469,000 has been eliminated upon the business combination.



310
                                                                                          Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                             Annual Report 2023




    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



40. BUSINESS COMBINATION (Continued)
   40.1 Acquisition of GAC Mitsubishi (Continued)

        (a)   Summary of acquisition (Continued)
              (iii)   Trade and other payables

                      Acquired trade and other payables mainly include trade payables with fair value of RMB165,439,000, employee
                      benefits payable with fair value of RMB580,880,000 and other payables with fair value of RMB688,246,000.

              (iv)    Revenue contribution and loss incurred

                      If the acquisition had occurred on 1 January 2023, consolidated pro-forma revenue and profit for the year
                      ended 31 December 2023 would have been RMB130,938 millions and RMB825 millions, respectively.
                      These amounts have been calculated using the subsidiary’s results and adjusting them for the additional
                      depreciation that would have been charged assuming the fair value adjustments to property, plant and
                      equipment, right-of-use assets and investment properties had applied from 1 January 2023, together with
                      the consequential tax effects.



        (b)   Purchase consideration – cash outflow
                                                                                                                      2023
                                                                                                                   RMB’000


              Inflow of cash to acquire subsidiary, net of cash acquired
              Cash consideration                                                                                          –
              Less: Cash balances acquired                                                                          873,634


                                                                                                                    873,634


              Net inflow of cash – investing activities                                                             873,634



   40.2 Acquisition of GAC Youlide
        On 30 November 2023, the Group acquired 50% of the equity interests of GAC Youlide, a previous
        joint venture of the Group, with a purchase consideration of approximately RMB0.17 billion including
        cash paid of approximately RMB86,620,000 and 50% of equity interests previously held in GAC
        Youlide. The carrying value of previously held equity interests in GAC Youlide is RMB41,257,000
        (Note 11.1 (a)(ii)) and the Group recognised remeasurement gain of RMB49,837,000 on the previously
        held equity interests in GAC Youlide to fair value at the acquisition date. The fair value of the net
        identifiable assets acquired is RMB152,061,000 and the goodwill is RMB25,653,000 (Note 10).



                                                                                                                                    311
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  40. BUSINESS COMBINATION (Continued)
      40.2 Acquisition of GAC Youlide (Continued)
            The fair value of acquired trade receivables is RMB32,778,000. The gross contractual amount
            for trade receivables due is RMB32,791,000 with a loss allowance of RMB13,000 recognised on
            acquisition.


            If the acquisition had occurred on 1 January 2023, consolidated pro-forma revenue and profit for
            the year ended 31 December 2023 would have been RMB129,775 millions and RMB3,727 millions,
            respectively. These amounts have been calculated using the subsidiary’s results and adjusting them
            for the additional depreciation that would have been charged assuming the fair value adjustments to
            property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets had applied from 1 January 2023, together
            with the consequential tax effects.


            Net outflow of cash in investing activities on the acquisition of GAC Youlide is RMB48,911,000.



  41. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
      Related parties are those parties that have the ability to control the other party or exercise significant
      influence in making financial and operating decisions. Parties are also considered to be related if they are
      subject to common control. The Group is subject to the control of the PRC Government.


      In accordance with HKAS 24 “Related Party Disclosures”, other state-owned enterprises and their
      subsidiaries, directly or indirectly controlled by the PRC Government (“state-owned enterprises”) are
      regarded as related parties of the Group.


      In addition to the related party information shown elsewhere in the consolidated financial statements,
      the following is a summary of significant related party transactions entered into in the ordinary and usual
      course of business and balances between the Group and its related parties, during the year ended 31
      December 2023.


      The balances of trade and other receivables, prepayments, trade and other payables, contract liabilities
      and lease liabilities rose in the ordinary and usual course of business and were unsecured, interest free
      and receivable/repayable according to the mutual agreed credit terms.




312
                                                   Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                    Annual Report 2023




   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



41. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
   (a)   Significant related party transactions
                                                  Year ended 31 December
                                                        2023           2022
                                                    RMB’000         RMB’000


         Sales of goods


         Sales of automotive parts and steels
         – Joint ventures                           1,332,964            1,871,663
         – Associates                                  92,953              262,593
         – Subsidiaries of GAIG                         7,824                  396


                                                    1,433,741            2,134,652


         Sales of passenger vehicles
         – Joint ventures                             188,374              164,393
         – Associates                               1,209,505            1,578,832


                                                    1,397,879            1,743,225


                                                    2,831,620            3,877,877


         Loan interest from related parties
         – Joint ventures                            319,429               281,694
         – Associates                                  6,741                 1,108


                                                     326,170               282,802




                                                                                      313
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  41. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
      (a)   Significant related party transactions (Continued)
                                                                 Year ended 31 December
                                                                       2023           2022
                                                                   RMB’000         RMB’000


            Rendering of labour and insurance services
            – Joint ventures                                       1,961,609     1,452,300
            – Associates                                             478,386     1,133,738
            – GAIG                                                       381             –
            – Subsidiaries of GAIG                                       827         5,448


                                                                   2,441,203     2,591,486


            Income of trustee management of equity assets
            – GAIG (Note (i))                                        23,497         19,821


            Purchases of goods


            Purchases of automotive parts and materials
            – Joint ventures                                      2,344,577      2,209,801
            – Associates                                         10,328,166     12,466,509


                                                                 12,672,743     14,676,310


            Purchases of passenger vehicles
            – Joint ventures                                     12,715,157      9,563,507
            – Associates                                              2,620          5,196


                                                                 12,717,777      9,568,703


                                                                 25,390,570     24,245,013




314
                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                Annual Report 2023




   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



41. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
   (a)   Significant related party transactions (Continued)
                                                              Year ended 31 December
                                                                    2023           2022
                                                                RMB’000         RMB’000


         Interest on customer deposits
         – Joint ventures                                          82,192                73,838
         – Associates                                              20,518                16,832


                                                                 102,710                 90,670


         Purchases of labour services and settlement of
           insurance claims
         – Joint ventures                                        108,763                 50,075
         – Associates                                             81,629                 13,256
         – Subsidiaries of GAIG                                   21,911                 26,010


                                                                 212,303                 89,341


         Provision of entrusted loans to related parties
         – Joint ventures                                       1,937,000                     –
         – Associates                                              31,850                41,650


                                                                1,968,850                41,650


         Rental from related parties
         – Joint ventures                                          53,646                58,533
         – Associates                                              10,210                13,675
         – Subsidiaries of GAIG                                    13,291                 8,150


                                                                   77,147                80,358




                                                                                                  315
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  41. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
      (a)   Significant related party transactions (Continued)
                                                                        Year ended 31 December
                                                                              2023           2022
                                                                          RMB’000         RMB’000


            Interest charges for lease liabilities to related parties
            – Joint ventures                                                 7,366             37
            – Associates                                                         3              6
            – GAIG                                                             956            865
            – Subsidiaries of GAIG                                             310             95


                                                                             8,635          1,003


            Addition of right-of-use assets to related parties
            – Joint ventures                                               628,218              –
            – Associates                                                       320            340
            – GAIG                                                              90         40,103
            – Subsidiaries of GAIG                                          13,738          2,647


                                                                           642,366         43,090


            Repayment of entrusted loans from related parties
            – A joint venture                                              196,890              –
            – An associate                                                  36,750         36,750


                                                                           233,640         36,750


            Entrusted loan interest from related parties
            – Joint ventures                                                     –          5,874
            – An associate                                                   1,221          1,640


                                                                             1,221          7,514




316
                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                Annual Report 2023




   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



41. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
   (a)   Significant related party transactions (Continued)
                                                              Year ended 31 December
                                                                    2023           2022
                                                                RMB’000         RMB’000


         Entrusted loans from a related party
         – A joint venture                                         70,000              100,000


         Repayment of entrusted loans to a related party
         – A joint venture                                       100,000               100,000


         Entrusted loan interest to a related party
         – A joint venture                                          1,838                 2,275


         Borrowings from a related party
         – A joint venture                                      3,696,807            2,972,841


         Repayment of borrowings to a related party
         – A joint venture                                      3,747,165            2,668,411


         Borrowing interest to a related party
         – A joint venture                                         39,866                27,452


         Loans to related parties
         – Joint ventures                                       7,410,665            3,006,188
         – Associates                                             402,217              115,494


                                                                7,812,882            3,121,682




                                                                                                  317
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  41. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
      (a)   Significant related party transactions (Continued)
                                                                                        Year ended 31 December
                                                                                              2023           2022
                                                                                          RMB’000         RMB’000


            Repayment of loans from related parties
            – Joint ventures                                                               6,432,631              2,661,569
            – Associates                                                                     402,853                130,856


                                                                                           6,835,484              2,792,425


            Guarantee fees to a related party
            – GAIG                                                                                    –                3,000


            Sales of intangible assets
            – Joint ventures                                                                 109,384                  39,525
            – An associate                                                                    37,751                  32,391


                                                                                             147,135                  71,916


            (i)   On 4 January 2023, the Board of Directors of the Company passed a resolution in relation to the Company being
                  entrusted by its controlling shareholder GAIG to manage certain equity investments held by GAIG. The period of
                  the entrusted management is three years. The annual management fee is made up of basic and floating portions,
                  with an annual limit of RMB90,000,000.




318
                                                     Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                      Annual Report 2023




   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



41. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
   (b)   Significant balances with related parties
                                                     As at 31 December
                                                        2023           2022
                                                     RMB’000        RMB’000


         Trade receivables
         – Joint ventures                              616,100               671,705
         – Associates                                  657,467               614,837
         – GAIG                                             24                     –
         – Subsidiaries of GAIG                            598                 4,572


                                                     1,274,189             1,291,114


         Interest receivable
         – Joint ventures                              160,974               134,993
         – Associates                                       19                    49


                                                       160,993               135,042


         Other receivables and prepayments
         – Joint ventures                              736,018               462,863
         – Associates                                   35,777                39,728
         – GAIG                                          5,248                19,872
         – Subsidiaries of GAIG                          9,447                14,532


                                                       786,490               536,995


         Dividend receivable
         – Joint ventures                                     –            3,503,074
         – Associates                                    73,846              171,046


                                                         73,846            3,674,120




                                                                                        319
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  41. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
      (b)   Significant balances with related parties (Continued)
                                                                    As at 31 December
                                                                       2023           2022
                                                                    RMB’000        RMB’000


            Notes receivable
            – Joint ventures                                           2,000        26,469
            – Associates                                              71,398        35,000


                                                                      73,398        61,469


            Entrusted loans due from (Note (i))
            – Joint ventures                                          43,445       240,334
            – An associate                                             3,706         4,153


                                                                      47,151       244,487


            Loans to related parties – current (Note (ii))
            – Joint ventures                                        1,060,399     3,602,582
            – Associates                                               19,190        15,079


                                                                    1,079,589     3,617,661


            Loans to related parties – non-current (Note (ii))
            – Joint ventures                                        3,519,166             –


            Long-term receivables (Note (iii))
            – Joint ventures                                         187,784        18,045


            Long-term deposits
            – A joint venture                                       4,500,000     2,500,000




320
                                                                 Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                  Annual Report 2023




   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



41. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
   (b)   Significant balances with related parties (Continued)
                                                                 As at 31 December
                                                                    2023           2022
                                                                 RMB’000        RMB’000


         Trade payables
         – Joint ventures                                          768,244               310,846
         – Associates                                            1,647,148               920,717
         – Subsidiaries of GAIG                                      1,405                 1,077


                                                                 2,416,797             1,232,640


         Other payables
         – Joint ventures                                          141,195               121,157
         – Associates                                              224,326               154,462
         – GAIG                                                    505,199               505,199
         – Subsidiaries of GAIG                                      8,474                 7,855


                                                                   879,194               788,673


         Contract liabilities
         – Joint ventures                                          137,972                 75,184
         – Associates                                               13,958                  5,516
         – Subsidiaries of GAIG                                         84                    108


                                                                   152,014                 80,808


         Notes payable
         – Joint ventures                                        1,486,306               579,289
         – Associates                                              404,348                     –


                                                                 1,890,654               579,289




                                                                                                    321
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  41. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
      (b)   Significant balances with related parties (Continued)
                                                                    As at 31 December
                                                                       2023           2022
                                                                    RMB’000        RMB’000


            Customer deposits
            – Joint ventures                                        6,537,748     5,175,760
            – Associates                                            1,365,388     1,058,372


                                                                    7,903,136     6,234,132


            Short-term borrowings (Note (iv))
            – A joint venture                                        585,651       614,879


            Entrusted loans due to (Note (v))
            – A joint venture                                         70,000       100,000


            Interest payable
            – Joint ventures                                           9,309        12,678
            – Associates                                               7,402         4,624


                                                                      16,711        17,302


            Lease liabilities
            – Joint ventures                                         153,268             –
            – Associates                                                  45            91
            – GAIG                                                    24,249        10,909
            – Subsidiaries of GAIG                                     5,148         1,545


                                                                     182,710        12,545




322
                                                                                             Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                Annual Report 2023




   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



41. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
   (b)   Significant balances with related parties (Continued)
         (i)     The balances of entrusted loans due from related parties were with interest rate ranging from 3.45% to 4.35%
                 (2022: from 3.65% to 4.35%), unsecured and receivable in accordance with normal commercial terms.

         (ii)    The balances of loan receivables to related parties were with interest rate ranging from 3.33% to 5.99% (2022: from
                 3.65% to 5.63%) and receivable in accordance with normal commercial terms. Majority of loans to related parties
                 were unsecured and certain loans to related parties were secured by certain inventories.

                 As at 31 December 2023, the balances represent the net carrying amount of loan receivables from related parties,
                 after considering the loss allowance provision of approximately RMB41,079,000 for joint ventures and approximately
                 RMB170,000 for associates (2022: RMB60,753,000 and RMB282,000).

         (iii)   As at 31 December 2023, the balances represent the net carrying amount of long-term receivables from related
                 parties, after considering the loss allowance provision of approximately RMB154,340,000 for joint ventures (2022:
                 RMB154,905,000).

         (iv)    Borrowings from a joint venture, which is a financial institution, are interest bearing and repayable in accordance
                 with normal commercial terms. As at 31 December 2023, borrowings from a joint venture were secured by the
                 Group’s inventories with carrying value of approximately RMB491,768,000 (2022: RMB550,348,000).

         (v)     The balances of entrusted loans due to a joint venture were with interest rate of 2.25% (2022: 2.25%), unsecured
                 and repayable in accordance with normal commercial terms.



   (c)   Commitments for related parties
         As at 31 December 2023, the bill acceptance provided by the Group to related parties amounted
         to approximately RMB15,637,000 (2022: RMB11,395,000).


   (d)   Key management compensation
                                                                                          Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                2023           2022
                                                                                            RMB’000         RMB’000


         Salaries and other short-term employee benefits                                         28,652                  38,592


         In addition, net expense recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for
         share options and restricted shares granted to the key management for the year ended 31 December
         2023 is approximately RMB1,102,000 (2022: RMB9,007,000).




                                                                                                                                   323
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  41. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
      (e)   Transactions and balances with other state-owned enterprises in the PRC
            The Group operates in an economic environment predominated by state-owned enterprises. During
            the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group had transactions with state-owned enterprises
            including, but not limited to, sales of automobiles and other automotive parts and purchases of
            raw materials and automotive parts.

            For the purpose of related party transactions disclosure, the Group has in place procedures to
            assist the identification of the immediate ownership structure of its customers and suppliers as to
            whether they are state-owned enterprises. However, many state-owned enterprises have multi-
            layered corporate structure and the ownership structures change over time as a result of transfers
            and privatisation programs.


            Nevertheless, the Directors consider that transactions with other state-owned enterprises are
            activities in the ordinary course of the Group’s business, and that the dealings of the Group have not
            been significantly or unduly affected by the fact that the Group and other state-owned enterprises
            are ultimately controlled or owned by the PRC Government. The Group has also established pricing
            policies for products and services, and such pricing policies do not depend on whether or not the
            customers are state-owned enterprises. Having due regard to the substance of the relationships, the
            Directors are of the opinion that none of these transactions are material related party transactions
            that require separate disclosure except for the transactions with state-owned financial institutions
            as disclosed below.


            (i)    Balances with state-owned financial institutions
                   As at 31 December 2023 and 2022, majority part of the Group’s bank balances and borrowings
                   were deposited in or financed from various state-owned financial institutions. The Directors
                   are of opinion that such transactions were conducted in the ordinary course of business and
                   in accordance with normal commercial terms.


            (ii)   Guarantees given by state-owned enterprises and GAIG
                   As at 31 December 2023 and 2022, no guarantee was given by state-owned enterprises
                   and GAIG.




324
                                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                               Annual Report 2023




    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



41. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
   (f)   Guarantees to an associate
         As at 31 December 2023, there is no financial guarantees provided by the Group (2022:
         RMB16,600,000) to an associate.


         It is expected that the financial guarantees provided by the Group will not lead to any significant
         liabilities.



42. EVENTS OCCURRING AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
   On 12 January 2024, the Board of Directors of the Company approved China Lounge Investments Limited,
   the Company’s wholly-owned subsidiary, to dispose its 8,797,226 shares held on Chenqi Technology
   Limited, the Group’s associate, to GAIG at a consideration of approximately RMB270 million by reference to
   a valuation report. Upon the completion of the disposal, the rest of the shares held on Chenqi Technology
   Limited by the Group would be recognised as a financial instrument. It is estimated that the disposal would
   increase the Group’s profit for the year ended 31 December 2024 of approximately RMB887 million, which
   may be adjusted according to the fair value of the shares disposed on the completion date.




                                                                                                                 325
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  43. BALANCE SHEET AND RESERVES MOVEMENTS OF THE COMPANY
      Balance sheet of the Company
                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                   2023           2022
                                                                RMB’000        RMB’000


      ASSETS
      Non-current assets
      Property, plant and equipment                             3,453,939     3,392,427
      Right-of-use assets                                         773,652       481,228
      Investment properties                                       564,869       592,171
      Intangible assets                                         5,480,679     5,179,603
      Investments in subsidiaries                              44,001,644    41,615,466
      Investments in joint ventures and associates             28,471,312    28,930,449
      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss       931,318       929,970
      Prepayments and long-term receivables                     4,952,427     2,736,960


                                                               88,629,840    83,858,274


      Current assets
      Inventories                                                  21,051        37,194
      Trade and other receivables                               3,760,652     6,219,504
      Contract assets                                             160,233       419,087
      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss       623,270     1,197,090
      Time deposits                                               127,000             –
      Cash and cash equivalents                                15,919,572    14,026,028


                                                               20,611,778    21,898,903


      Total assets                                            109,241,618   105,757,177




326
                                                                      Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                       Annual Report 2023




   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



43. BALANCE SHEET AND RESERVES MOVEMENTS OF THE COMPANY
    (Continued)
   Balance sheet of the Company (Continued)
                                                                       As at 31 December
                                                         Note             2023           2022
                                                                       RMB’000        RMB’000


   LIABILITIES
   Non-current liabilities
   Borrowings                                                         3,000,000             1,700,000
   Lease liabilities                                                    340,533                 1,926
   Government grants                                                    153,968               325,729


                                                                      3,494,501             2,027,655


   Current liabilities
   Trade and other payables                                           6,848,988             6,637,112
   Contract liabilities                                                   4,257               478,166
   Borrowings                                                           252,802             3,119,202
   Lease liabilities                                                          –                 3,851


                                                                      7,106,047            10,238,331


   Total liabilities                                                 10,600,548            12,265,986


   Net assets                                                        98,641,070            93,491,191


   EQUITY
   Share capital                                                     10,490,234            10,487,164
   Reserves                                               (a)        40,150,037            39,837,462
   Retained earnings                                      (a)        48,000,799            43,166,565


   Total equity                                                      98,641,070            93,491,191


   The balance sheet of the Company was approved by the Board of Directors on 28 March 2024 and was
   signed on its behalf:


                       Zeng Qinghong                                Feng Xingya
                          Director                                    Director
                                                                                                         327
328
      43. BALANCE SHEET AND RESERVE MOVEMENT OF THE COMPANY (CONTINUED)
         (a)   Reserve movements of the Company
                                                                                                  Investments in
                                                                                                   joint ventures      Statutory    Share-based                   Remeasurement of
                                                       Share    Treasury     Capital     FVOCI    and associates surplus reserve   compensation     Convertible    post-employment         Total     Retained
                                                     premium       stock     reserve    reserve          reserve            fund        reserve bonds reserve benefit obligations       reserves     earnings         Total
                                                    RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000              RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000


               As at 1 January 2022                31,441,818   (509,486)    18,262        (33)         (24,953)      5,498,401       1,016,728       223,866               (2,760)   37,661,843   35,332,425    72,994,268


               Profit for the year                          –          –          –          –                 –              –               –              –                   –             –   10,237,699    10,237,699
               Dividend declared by the
                   Company                                  –          –          –          –                 –              –               –              –                   –             –   (2,403,559)   (2,403,559)
               Share of other changes in net
                   assets of joint ventures and
                   associates                               –          –          –          –           18,795               –               –              –                   –       18,795             –       18,795
               Remeasurement of post-
                   employment benefit
                   obligations                              –          –          –          –                 –              –               –              –                750           750             –          750
               Employee share-based awards
                   scheme (Note 23)
               − Value of employee services                 –          –          –          –                 –              –        410,834               –                   –      410,834             –      410,834
               − Proceeds from shares issued         313,978    215,903           –          –                 –              –        (115,566)             –                   –      414,315             –      414,315
               Convertible bonds
               − Conversion of convertible bonds    1,406,945          –          –          –                 –              –               –       (122,692)                  –     1,284,253            –     1,284,253
               − Redemption of convertible
                   bonds                             101,174           –          –          –                 –              –               –       (101,174)                  –             –            –             –
               Others                                       –          –          –          –           46,672               –               –              –                   –       46,672             –       46,672


               As at 31 December 2022              33,263,915   (293,583)    18,262        (33)          40,514       5,498,401       1,311,996              –              (2,010)   39,837,462   43,166,565    83,004,027
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      43. BALANCE SHEET AND RESERVE MOVEMENT OF THE COMPANY (CONTINUED)
         (a)   Reserve movements of the Company (Continued)
                                                                                                       Investments                                  Remeasurement
                                                                                                            in joint   Statutory                           of post-
                                                                                                       ventures and     surplus     Share-based        employment
                                                          Share     Treasury     Capital     FVOCI       associates     reserve    compensation             benefit       Total     Retained
                                                       premium        stock      reserve    reserve         reserve        fund         reserve         obligations    reserves     earnings         Total
                                                       RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000            RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000


               As at 1 January 2023                   33,263,915    (293,583)    18,262         (33)         40,514    5,498,401       1,311,996             (2,010) 39,837,462    43,166,565   83,004,027


               Profit for the year                             –           –           –          –               –            –               –                  –           –     7,244,871    7,244,871
               Dividend declared by the Company                –           –           –          –               –            –               –                  –           –    (2,410,637) (2,410,637)
               Share of other changes in net assets
                  of joint ventures and associates             –           –           –          –           2,072            –               –                  –       2,072             –        2,072
               Remeasurement of post-employment
                  benefit obligations                          –           –           –          –               –            –               –             (5,398)     (5,398)            –       (5,398)
               Employee share-based awards
                  scheme (Note 23)
               − Value of employee services                    –           –           –          –               –            –         60,553                   –      60,553             –      60,553
               − Proceeds from shares issued            139,334            –           –          –               –            –         (51,782)                 –      87,552             –      87,552
               – Vesting of restricted shares                  –     129,044           –          –               –            –               –                  –     129,044             –     129,044
               – Repurchase and cancellation of
                  restricted shares                      (29,236)     36,564           –          –               –            –               –                  –       7,328             –        7,328
               Others                                          –           –           –          –          31,424            –               –                  –      31,424             –      31,424


               As at 31 December 2023                 33,374,013    (127,975)    18,262         (33)         74,010    5,498,401       1,320,767             (7,408) 40,150,037    48,000,799   88,150,836




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                                                                              NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




329
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  44. BENEFITS AND INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS
      (a)   Directors’, supervisors’ and general manager’s emoluments
            The remuneration of every director, supervisor and the general manager for the year ended 31
            December 2023 is set out as below:


                                                                                                       Remunerations
                                                                                                               paid or
                                                       Basic salaries,    Employer’s                        receivable
                                                        housing fund contributions                       in respect of
                                                            and other to a retirement   Discretionary accepting office
            Name                                Fees      allowances benefit scheme          bonuses       as director     Total
                                             RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000     RMB’000


            Name of director
              Zeng Qinghong                        –             635             218             481                 –     1,334
              Feng Xingya                          –           1,069             318           1,427                 –     2,814
              Zhao Fuquan                          –             150               –               –                 –       150
              Xiao Shengfang                       –             150               –               –                 –       150
              Wong Hakkun                          –             150               –               –                 –       150
              Song Tiebo                           –             150               –               –                 –       150
              Chen Xiaomu                          –             626             163             433                 –     1,222
              Deng Lei (Note (a)(ii))              –             351              62             329                 –       742
              Ding Hongxiang                       –               –               –               –                 –         –
              Guan Dayuan                          –               –               –               –                 –         –
              Wong Yiwei (Note (a)(ii))            –               –               –               –                 –         –
              Chen Maoshan (Note (a)(iii))         –             509             155             471                 –     1,135
              Liu Zhijun (Note (a)(iii))           –               –               –               –                 –         –

            Name of supervisor
              Cao Xiandong                         –               –               –               –                –          –
              Huang Cheng                          –               –               –               –                –          –
              Huang Zhuo                           –             658             125              84                –        867
              Wang Yuan (Note (a)(ii))             –             689             103              90                –        882
              Chen Tian (Note (a)(iii))            –               –               –               –                –          –
              Shi Lei (Note (a)(iii))              –              69              12               7                –         88
              Wang Lu                              –             458              92              57                –        607


            The above emoluments do not include the fair value of share options granted under SO-III and RS
            in 2020 and SO-IV in 2023.
330
                                                                                        Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2023




    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



44. BENEFITS AND INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS (Continued)
   (a)   Directors’, supervisors’ and general manager’s emoluments (Continued)
         The remuneration of every director, supervisor and the general manager for the year ended 31
         December 2022 is set out as below:


                                                                                                      Remunerations
                                                                                                              paid or
                                                 Basic salaries,       Employer’s                          receivable
                                                  housing fund       contributions                      in respect of
                                                     and other     to a retirement   Discretionary   accepting office
         Name                             Fees      allowances     benefit scheme        bonuses          as director         Total
                                       RMB’000        RMB’000            RMB’000        RMB’000             RMB’000        RMB’000


         Name of director
           Zeng Qinghong                     –             631                112             478                  –          1,221
           Feng Xingya                       –           1,065                308           2,608                  –          3,981
           Zhao Fuquan                       –             150                  –               –                  –            150
           Xiao Shengfang                    –             150                  –               –                  –            150
           Wong Hakkun                       –             150                  –               –                  –            150
           Song Tiebo                        –             150                  –               –                  –            150
           Chen Xiaomu                       –             584                106             430                  –          1,120
           Chen Maoshan                      –           1,008                302           1,700                  –          3,010
           Ding Hongxiang                    –               –                  –               –                  –              –
           Guan Dayuan                       –               –                  –               –                  –              –
           Liu Zhijun                        –               –                  –               –                  –              –


         Name of supervisor
           Chen Tian                         –               –                  –               –                  –             –
           Cao Xiandong                      –               –                  –               –                  –             –
           Huang Cheng                       –               –                  –               –                  –             –
           Shi Lei                           –             647                113             170                  –           930
           Wang Lu                           –             607                128             153                  –           888
           Huang Zhuo                        –             533                116             137                  –           786


         The above emoluments do not include the fair value of share options granted under SO-III and RS
         in 2020.



                                                                                                                                      331
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  44. BENEFITS AND INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS (Continued)
      (a)   Directors’, supervisors’ and general manager’s emoluments (Continued)
            Expense recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for share options
            granted to the above directors, supervisors and the general manager for the year ended 31 December
            2023 and 2022 is set out as below:


                                                                        Year ended 31 December
                                                            2023                                           2022

                                                                      Net expense                                       Net expense
                                                                       recognised                                            reversed
                                                                     for the share                                      for the share
                                                                      options and                                        options and
                                           Number of     Number of       restricted       Number of       Number of         restricted
                                              share       restricted        shares           share         restricted          shares
            Name                             options         shares        granted          options           shares          granted
                                                                          RMB’000                                           RMB’000


            Name of director
            Feng Xingya                      674,000          87,000              52        290,000         174,000            1,380
            Chen Maoshan (Note (a)(iii))     498,500          73,500              46        147,000         147,000            1,166
            Deng Lei (Note (a)(ii))          501,980          38,490             146              –               –                –

            (i)     The amount represented emoluments throughout their terms of directors or supervisors in 2023 and 2022.

            (ii)    In September 2023, Ms. Deng Lei was appointed as director. In October 2023, Mr. Wong Yiwei was appointed as
                    director. In February 2023, Ms. Wang Yuan was appointed as supervisor.

            (iii)   In September 2023, Mr. Chen Maoshan and Mr. Liu Zhijun retired from directors. In February 2023, Mr. Shi Lei
                    resigned from supervisor. In September 2023, Ms. Chen Tian resigned from supervisor.

            (iv)    In 2023 and 2022, there was no emoluments paid to or receivable by directors in respect of their other services in
                    connection with the management of the affairs of the Company or its subsidiary undertaking.




332
                                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                               Annual Report 2023




    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



44. BENEFITS AND INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS (Continued)
   (b)   Directors’ retirement benefits
         None of the directors received or will receive any retirement benefits for the year ended 31 December
         2023 (2022: Nil).


   (c)   Directors’ termination benefits
         None of the directors received or will receive any termination benefits for the year ended 31
         December 2023 (2022: Nil).


   (d)   Consideration provided to third parties for making available directors’ services
         For the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group did not pay consideration to any third parties
         for making available directors’ services (2022: Nil).


   (e)   Information about loans, quasi-loans and other dealings in favour of directors, controlled bodies
         corporate by and connected entities with such directors.


         As at 31 December 2023, there are no loans, quasi-loans and other dealing arrangements in favor
         of directors, controlled bodies corporate by and connected entities with such directors (2022: Nil).


   (f)   Directors’ material interests in transactions, arrangements or contracts
         No significant transactions, arrangements and contracts in relation to the Group’ s business to which
         the Company was a party and in which a director of the Company had a material interest, whether
         directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year (2022: Nil).




                                                                                                                 333
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  45. SUMMARY OF OTHER MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
      The principal material accounting policies applied in the preparation of these consolidated financial
      statements are set out below. These policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented,
      unless otherwise stated.


      45.1 Principles of consolidation and equity accounting

            45.1.1 Subsidiaries
                  Subsidiaries are all entities (including structured entities) over which the Group has control.
                  The Group controls an entity when the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns
                  from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its
                  power to direct the activities of the entity. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date
                  on which control is transferred to the Group. They are deconsolidated from the date that
                  control ceases.


                  The acquisition method of accounting is used to account for business combinations by the
                  Group (refer to Note 45.2).


                  Intercompany transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions between group
                  companies are eliminated. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides
                  evidence of an impairment of the transferred asset. Accounting policies of subsidiaries have
                  been changed where necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.


                  Non-controlling interests in the results and equity of subsidiaries are shown separately in
                  the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, consolidated statement of change in
                  equity, consolidated balance sheet, respectively.


            45.1.2 Associates
                  Associates are all entities over which the Group has significant influence but not control or
                  joint control. This is generally the case where the Group holds between 20% and 50% of
                  the voting rights. Investments in associates are accounted for using the equity method of
                  accounting (Note 45.1.4), after initially being recognised at cost.




334
                                                                             Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                              Annual Report 2023




   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



45. SUMMARY OF OTHER MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   45.1 Principles of consolidation and equity accounting (Continued)

        45.1.3 Joint ventures
              Under HKFRS 11 Joint Arrangements investments in joint arrangements are classified as
              either joint operations or joint ventures. The classification depends on the contractual rights
              and obligations of each investor, rather than the legal structure of the joint arrangement. The
              Group only has joint ventures.

              Interests in joint ventures are accounted for using the equity method (Note 45.1.4), after
              initially being recognised at cost in the consolidated balance sheet.


        45.1.4 Equity method
              Under the equity method of accounting, the investments are initially recognised at cost and
              adjusted thereafter to recognise the Group’s share of the post-acquisition profits or losses of
              the investee in profit or loss, and the Group’s share of movements in other comprehensive
              income of the investee in other comprehensive income. Dividends received or receivable
              from associates and joint ventures are recognised as a reduction in the carrying amount of
              the investment.


              When the Group’s share of losses in an equity-accounted investment equals or exceeds its
              interest in the entity, including any other unsecured long-term receivables, the Group does
              not recognise further losses, unless it has incurred obligations or made payments on behalf
              of the other entity.


              Unrealised gains on transactions between the Group and its associates and joint ventures are
              eliminated to the extent of the Group’s interest in these entities. Unrealised losses are also
              eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred.
              Accounting policies of equity accounted investees have been changed where necessary to
              ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.


              The carrying amount of equity-accounted investments is tested for impairment in accordance
              with the policy described in Note 45.9.




                                                                                                                335
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  45. SUMMARY OF OTHER MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      45.1 Principles of consolidation and equity accounting (Continued)

           45.1.5 Changes in ownership interests
                 The Group treats transactions with non-controlling interests that do not result in a loss of
                 control as transactions with equity owners of the Group. A change in ownership interest results
                 in an adjustment between the carrying amounts of the controlling and non-controlling interests
                 to reflect their relative interests in the subsidiary. Any difference between the amount of the
                 adjustment to non-controlling interests and any consideration paid or received is recognised
                 in a separate reserve within equity attributable to owners of the Company.


                 When the Group ceases to consolidate or equity account for an investment because of a loss
                 of control, joint control or significant influence, any retained interest in the entity is remeasured
                 to its fair value with the change in carrying amount recognised in profit or loss. This fair value
                 becomes the initial carrying amount for the purposes of subsequently accounting for the
                 retained interest as an associate, joint venture or financial asset. In addition, any amounts
                 previously recognised in other comprehensive income in respect of that entity are accounted
                 for as if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities. This may mean
                 that amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income are reclassified to profit or
                 loss or transferred to another category of equity as specified/permitted by applicable HKFRSs.


                 If the ownership interest in a joint venture or an associate is reduced but joint control
                 or significant influence is retained, only a proportionate share of the amounts previously
                 recognised in other comprehensive income are reclassified to profit or loss where appropriate.


      45.2 Business combinations
           The acquisition method of accounting is used to account for all business combinations, regardless
           of whether equity instruments or other assets are acquired. The consideration transferred for the
           acquisition of a subsidiary comprises the:


           •     fair values of the assets transferred


           •     liabilities incurred to the former owners of the acquired business


           •     equity interests issued by the Group


           •     fair value of any asset or liability resulting from a contingent consideration arrangement, and


           •     fair value of any pre-existing equity interest in the subsidiary.
336
                                                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2023




   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



45. SUMMARY OF OTHER MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   45.2 Business combinations (Continued)
        Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed in a business combination
        are, with limited exceptions, measured initially at their fair values at the acquisition date. The Group
        recognises any non-controlling interest in the acquired entity on an acquisition-by-acquisition basis
        either at fair value or at the non-controlling interest’s proportionate share of the acquired entity’s
        net identifiable assets.

        Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred.


        The excess of the


        •     consideration transferred,


        •     amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquired entity, and


        •     acquisition-date fair value of any previous equity interest in the acquired entity


        over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. If those amounts
        are less than the fair value of the net identifiable assets of the business acquired, the difference is
        recognised directly in profit or loss as a bargain purchase.


        Where settlement of any part of cash consideration is deferred, the amounts payable in the future
        are discounted to their present value as at the date of exchange. The discount rate used is the
        entity’s incremental borrowing rate, being the rate at which a similar borrowing could be obtained
        from an independent financier under comparable terms and conditions. Contingent consideration
        is classified either as equity or a financial liability. Amounts classified as a financial liability are
        subsequently remeasured to fair value with changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss.


        If the business combination is achieved in stages, the acquisition date carrying value of the acquirer’s
        previously held equity interest in the acquiree is remeasured to fair value at the acquisition date.
        Any gains or losses arising from such remeasurement are recognised in profit or loss.




                                                                                                                   337
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  45. SUMMARY OF OTHER MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      45.3 Separate financial statements
           Investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at cost less impairment. Cost includes direct attributable
           costs of investment. The results of subsidiaries are accounted for by the Company on the basis of
           dividend received and receivable.


           Impairment testing of the investments in subsidiaries is required upon receiving a dividend from
           these investments if the dividend exceeds the total comprehensive income of the subsidiary in the
           period the dividend is declared or if the carrying amount of the investment in the separate financial
           statements exceeds the carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements of the investee’s
           net assets including goodwill.


      45.4 Foreign currency translation

           (a)   Functional and presentation currency
                 Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using
                 the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the “functional
                 currency”). The consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), which
                 is the Company’s functional and the Group’s presentation currency.


           (b)   Transactions and balances
                 Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange
                 rates at the dates of the transactions. Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the
                 settlement of such transactions and from the translation of monetary assets and liabilities
                 denominated in foreign currencies at year-end exchange rates are generally recognised in
                 profit or loss. They are deferred in equity if they relate to qualifying cash flow hedges and
                 qualifying net investment hedges or are attributable to part of the net investment in a foreign
                 operation.


                 Foreign exchange gains and losses that relate to borrowings are presented in the consolidated
                 statement of comprehensive income within ‘finance costs’. All other foreign exchange gains
                 and losses are presented in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income within
                 ‘other (losses)/gains – net’.




338
                                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                               Annual Report 2023




   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



45. SUMMARY OF OTHER MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   45.4 Foreign currency translation (Continued)

        (c)   Group companies
              The results and financial position of all the Group entities (none of which has the currency of
              a hyper-inflationary economy) that have a functional currency different from the presentation
              currency are translated into the presentation currency as follows:


              (i)     assets and liabilities for each consolidated balance sheet presented are translated at
                      the closing rate at the date of that consolidated balance sheet;


              (ii)    income and expenses for each consolidated statement of comprehensive income
                      are translated at average exchange rates (unless this average is not a reasonable
                      approximation of the cumulative effect of the rates prevailing on the transaction dates,
                      in which case income and expenses are translated at the rate on the dates of the
                      transactions); and


              (iii)   all resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income.


              On consolidation, exchange differences arising from the translation of any net investment in
              foreign entities, and of borrowings and other financial instruments designated as hedges of
              such investments, are recognised in other comprehensive income. When a foreign operation
              is sold or any borrowings forming part of the net investment are repaid, the associated
              exchange differences are reclassified to profit or loss, as part of the gain or loss on sale.


              Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on the acquisition of a foreign entity are treated
              as assets and liabilities of the foreign entity and translated at the closing rate.


        (d)   Disposal of foreign operation and partial disposal
              On the disposal of a foreign operation (that is, a disposal of the Group’s entire interest in
              a foreign operation, or a disposal involving loss of control over a subsidiary that includes a
              foreign operation, a disposal involving loss of joint control over a joint venture that includes
              a foreign operation, or a disposal involving loss of significant influence over an associate
              that includes a foreign operation), all of the exchange differences accumulated in equity in
              respect of that operation attributable to the equity holders of the Company are reclassified
              to profit or loss.




                                                                                                                 339
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  45. SUMMARY OF OTHER MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      45.4 Foreign currency translation (Continued)

           (d)   Disposal of foreign operation and partial disposal (Continued)
                 In the case of a partial disposal that does not result in the Group losing control over a
                 subsidiary that includes a foreign operation, the proportionate share of accumulated currency
                 translation differences are re-attributed to non-controlling interests and are not recognised
                 in profit or loss. For all other partial disposals (that is, reductions in the Group’s ownership
                 interest in associates or joint ventures that do not result in the Group losing significant
                 influence or joint control), the proportionate share of the accumulated exchange difference
                 is reclassified to profit or loss.


      45.5 Property, plant and equipment
           Buildings comprise mainly factories and offices. All property, plant and equipment are stated at
           historical cost less depreciation. Historical cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to
           the acquisition of the items.


           Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset,
           as appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item
           will flow to the Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of
           the replaced part is derecognised. All other repairs and maintenance are charged to profit or loss
           during the financial period in which they are incurred.


           The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end
           of each reporting period.


           An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s
           carrying amount is greater than its estimated recoverable amount.


           Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing the proceeds with the carrying
           amount and are recognised within “other (losses)/gains – net” in the consolidated statement of
           comprehensive income.




340
                                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                               Annual Report 2023




   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



45. SUMMARY OF OTHER MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   45.6 Construction in progress
        Construction in progress represents property, plant and equipment and investment properties
        under construction and pending installation and is stated at cost less accumulated impairment
        losses, if any. Cost includes the costs of construction of buildings, the cost of plant and machinery
        and interest charges arising from borrowings used to finance these assets during the period of
        construction or installation and testing, if any. No provision for depreciation is made on construction
        in progress until such time as the relevant assets are completed and are available for intended use.
        When the assets concerned are brought into use, the costs are transferred to property, plant and
        equipment and investment properties and depreciated in accordance with the policy as stated in
        the preceding paragraphs.


   45.7 Investment properties
        Properties that are held for long-term rental yields or for capital appreciation or both, and that are
        not occupied by the Group, are classified as investment properties. The Group applies cost model
        for recognition of investment properties.


        Investment properties are measured initially at its cost, including related transaction costs. After
        initial recognition, investment properties are stated at historical cost less accumulated depreciation
        and impairment losses.

        Subsequent expenditure is charged to the asset’s carrying amount only when it is probable that
        future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Group and the cost of the item
        can be measured reliably. All other repairs and maintenance costs are expensed in the consolidated
        statement of comprehensive income during the financial period in which they are incurred.


        The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end of
        each reporting period. An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable
        amount if the asset’s carrying amount is greater than its estimated recoverable amount.


   45.8 Intangible assets

        (a)   Goodwill
              Goodwill is measured as described in Note 45.2. Goodwill on acquisitions of subsidiaries
              is included in intangible assets. Goodwill is not amortised but it is tested for impairment
              annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it might be
              impaired, and is carried at cost less accumulated impairment losses. Gains and losses on
              the disposal of an entity include the carrying amount of goodwill relating to the entity sold.

                                                                                                                 341
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  45. SUMMARY OF OTHER MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      45.8 Intangible assets (Continued)

           (a)   Goodwill (Continued)
                 Goodwill is allocated to cash-generating units (“CGUs”) for the purpose of impairment testing.
                 The allocation is made to those CGUs or groups of CGUs that are expected to benefit from
                 the business combination in which the goodwill arose. Each unit or group of units are identified
                 at the lowest level at which the goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes,
                 being the operating segment.


           (b)   Patent, proprietary technology and franchise right
                 Purchased patents, proprietary technology and franchise right are initially recorded at actual
                 cost.


           (c)   Computer software
                 Acquired computer software licenses are capitalised on the basis of the costs incurred to
                 acquire and bring to use the specific software.


           (d)   Research and development costs
                 Research costs are expensed as incurred. An intangible asset arising from development
                 expenditure on the Group’s proprietary brands project is recognised only when the Group
                 can demonstrate the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be
                 available for use or sale, its intention to complete and its ability to use or sell the asset, how
                 the asset will generate future economic benefits, the availability of resources to complete and
                 the ability to measure reliably the expenditure during the development. Following the initial
                 recognition of the development expenditure, the cost model is applied requiring the asset to
                 be carried at cost less any accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses.
                 Any expenditure capitalised is amortised over the period of expected future sales from the
                 related project for 3 to 6 years.


                 The carrying value of development costs is reviewed for impairment annually when the asset
                 is not yet in use, or more frequently when an indication of impairment arises during a financial
                 period.




342
                                                                            Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                             Annual Report 2023




   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



45. SUMMARY OF OTHER MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   45.9 Impairment of non-financial assets
        Goodwill and intangible assets that have an indefinite useful life are not subject to amortisation
        and are tested annually for impairment, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances
        indicate that they might be impaired. Other assets that are subject to amortisation are reviewed for
        impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may
        not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the asset’s carrying
        amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair
        value less cost of disposal and value in use. For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are
        grouped at the lowest levels for which there are separately identifiable cash flows (CGUs). Non-
        financial assets other than goodwill that suffered an impairment are reviewed for possible reversal
        of the impairment at each reporting date.


   45.10 Investments and other financial assets

        45.10.1 Classification
              The Group classifies its financial assets in the following measurement categories:


              •      those to be measured subsequently at fair value (either through other comprehensive
                     income (“OCI”), or through profit or loss), and


              •      those to be measured at amortised cost.

              The classification depends on the entity’s business model for managing the financial assets
              and the contractual terms of the cash flows.


              For assets measured at fair value, gains and losses will either be recorded in profit or loss
              or OCI. For investments in equity instruments that are not held for trading, this will depend
              on whether the Group has made an irrevocable election at the time of initial recognition to
              account for the equity investment at fair value through other comprehensive income (“FVOCI”).


              The Group reclassifies debt investments when and only when its business model for managing
              those assets changes.




                                                                                                              343
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  45. SUMMARY OF OTHER MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      45.10 Investments and other financial assets (Continued)

           45.10.2 Recognition and derecognition
                 Regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on trade-date, the date
                 on which the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Financial assets are derecognised
                 when the rights to receive cash flows from the financial assets have expired or have been
                 transferred and the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership.


           45.10.3 Measurement
                 At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case
                 of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss (“FVPL”), transaction costs that are
                 directly attributable to the acquisition of the financial asset. Transaction costs of financial
                 assets carried at FVPL are expensed in profit or loss.


                 Financial assets with embedded derivatives are considered in their entirety when determining
                 whether their cash flows are solely payment of principal and interest.


                 Debt instruments
                 Subsequent measurement of debt instruments depends on the Group’s business model
                 for managing the asset and the cash flow characteristics of the asset. There are three
                 measurement categories into which the Group classifies its debt instruments:


                 •     Amortised cost: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where
                       those cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest are measured
                       at amortised cost. Interest income from these financial assets is included in finance
                       income using the effective interest rate method. Any gain or loss arising on derecognition
                       is recognised directly in profit or loss and presented in “other (losses)/gains – net”,
                       together with foreign exchange gains and losses. Impairment losses are presented in
                       the statement of comprehensive income.




344
                                                                             Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                              Annual Report 2023




   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



45. SUMMARY OF OTHER MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   45.10 Investments and other financial assets (Continued)

        45.10.3 Measurement (Continued)
              Debt instruments (Continued)
              •     FVOCI: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows and for selling the
                    financial assets, where the assets’ cash flows represent solely payments of principal
                    and interest, are measured at FVOCI. Movements in the carrying amount are taken
                    through OCI, except for the recognition of impairment gains or losses, interest income
                    and foreign exchange gains and losses which are recognised in profit or loss. When
                    the financial asset is derecognised, the cumulative gain or loss previously recognised in
                    OCI is reclassified from equity to profit or loss and recognised in “other (losses)/gains
                    – net”. Interest income from these financial assets is included in finance income using
                    the effective interest rate method. Foreign exchange gains and losses are presented in
                    “other (losses)/gains – net” and impairment expenses are presented in the statement
                    of comprehensive income gains and losses. Impairment losses are presented in the
                    statement of comprehensive income.


              •     FVPL: Assets that do not meet the criteria for amortised cost or FVOCI are measured
                    at FVPL. A gain or loss on a debt investment that is subsequently measured at FVPL
                    is recognised in profit or loss and presented net within “other (losses)/gains – net” in
                    the period in which it arises.


              Equity instruments
              The Group subsequently measures all equity investments at fair value. Where the Group’s
              management has elected to present fair value gains and losses on equity investments in
              OCI, there is no subsequent reclassification of fair value gains and losses to profit or loss
              following the derecognition of the investment. Dividends from such investments continue to
              be recognised in profit or loss as other income when the Group’s right to receive payments
              is established.


              Changes in the fair value of financial assets at FVPL are recognised in “other (losses)/gains –
              net” in the statement of comprehensive income as applicable. Impairment losses (and reversal
              of impairment losses) on equity investments measured at FVOCI are not reported separately
              from other changes in fair value.




                                                                                                               345
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  45. SUMMARY OF OTHER MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      45.10 Investments and other financial assets (Continued)

           45.10.4 Impairment
                 The Group assesses on a forward looking basis the expected credit losses associated with its
                 debt instruments carried at amortised cost and FVOCI. The impairment methodology applied
                 depends on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk.

                 For trade receivables, the Group applies the simplified approach permitted by HKFRS 9, which
                 requires expected lifetime losses to be recognised from initial recognition of the receivables,
                 see Note 18 for further details.


      45.11 Cash and cash equivalents
           For the purpose of presentation in the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash
           equivalents includes cash on hand, deposits held at call with banks, other short-term, highly liquid
           investments with original maturities of three months or less that are readily convertible to known
           amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.


      45.12 Borrowings
           Borrowings are recognised initially at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are
           subsequently carried at amortised cost; any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction
           costs) and the redemption value is recognised in profit or loss over the period of the borrowings
           using the effective interest method.


           The fair value of the liability component of a convertible bond is determined using a market interest
           rate for an equivalent non-convertible bond. This amount is recorded as a liability on an amortised
           cost basis until extinguished on conversion or maturity of the bonds. The remainder of the proceeds
           is allocated to the conversion option. This is recognised and included in shareholders’ equity, net
           of income tax effects.


           Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer
           settlement of the liability for at least 12 months after the end of the reporting period.




346
                                                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2023




   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



45. SUMMARY OF OTHER MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   45.13 Borrowing costs
        General and specific borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production
        of qualifying assets, which are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready
        for their intended use or sale, are added to the cost of those assets, until such time as the assets
        are substantially ready for their intended use or sale.

        Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their
        expenditure on qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation.


        Other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.


   45.14 Installment credit and nonrecourse securitization debt
        The Group securitises various financial lease receivables, which generally results in the sale of
        these assets to special purpose entities, which issue debt securities to third party investors. The
        rights and interests of securitized financial assets are embodied in the form of senior tranche or
        subordinated tranche. Subordinated asset backed securities and notes shall not be transferred.


        When the asset securitization transaction leads to the derecognition or partial derecognition of
        financial assets, gains or losses on asset securitization transactions depend in part on the carrying
        amount of the transferred financial assets, allocated between the financial assets derecognised and
        the retained interests based on their relative fair values at the date of the transfer. Gains or losses
        on asset-backed securities are recorded in profit or loss.


        In applying its policies on securitised financial assets, the Group has considered both the degree
        of transfer of risks and rewards on assets transferred and the degree of control exercised by the
        Group over the financial assets:


        —     when the Group transfers substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial
              assets, the Group shall derecognise the financial assets;


        —     when the Group retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial
              assets, the Group shall continue to recognise the financial assets; and




                                                                                                                  347
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  45. SUMMARY OF OTHER MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      45.14 Installment credit and nonrecourse securitization debt (Continued)
           —     when the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risk and rewards of ownership
                 of the financial assets, the Group would determine whether it has retained control of the
                 financial assets. If the Group has not retained control, it shall derecognise the financial assets
                 and recognise separately as assets or liabilities any rights and obligations created or retained
                 in the transfer. If the Group has retained control, it continues to recognise the financial assets
                 to the extent of its continuing involvement in the financial assets.


      45.15 Current and deferred income tax
           The tax expense for the period comprises current and deferred tax. Tax is recognised in profit or
           loss, except to the extent that it relates to items recognised in other comprehensive income or
           directly in equity. In this case the tax is also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly
           in equity, respectively.


           (a)   Current income tax
                 The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or
                 substantively enacted at the consolidated balance sheet date in the countries where the
                 Company’s subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures operate and generate taxable income.
                 Management periodically evaluates positions taken in tax returns with respect to situations in
                 which applicable tax regulation is subject to interpretation and considers whether it is probable
                 that a taxation authority will accept an uncertain tax treatment. The Group measures its tax
                 balances either based on the most likely amount or the expected value, depending on which
                 method provides a better prediction of the resolution of the uncertainty.




348
                                                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2023




   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



45. SUMMARY OF OTHER MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   45.15 Current and deferred income tax (Continued)

        (b)   Deferred income tax
              Inside basis differences
              Deferred income tax is recognised, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising
              between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated
              financial statements. However, deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if they arise from the
              initial recognition of goodwill, the deferred income tax is not accounted for if it arises from
              initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction other than a business combination that
              at the time of the transaction affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss. Deferred
              income tax is determined using tax rates (and laws) that have been enacted or substantively
              enacted by the consolidated balance sheet date and are expected to apply when the related
              deferred income tax asset is realised or the deferred income tax liability is settled.


              Deferred income tax assets are recognised only to the extent that it is probable that future
              taxable profit will be available against which the temporary differences can be utilised.


              Outside basis differences
              Deferred income tax is provided on temporary differences arising on investments in subsidiaries,
              associates and joint ventures, except for deferred income tax liability where the timing of the
              reversal of the temporary difference is controlled by the Group and it is probable that the
              temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.


        (c)   Offsetting
              Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right
              to offset current tax assets against current tax liabilities and when the deferred income taxes
              assets and liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on either the
              taxable entity or different taxable entities where there is an intention to settle the balances
              on a net basis.




                                                                                                                  349
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  45. SUMMARY OF OTHER MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      45.16 Employee benefits

           (a)   Short-term obligations
                 Liabilities for wages and salaries, including non-monetary benefits and annual leave that
                 are expected to be settled wholly within 12 months after the end of the period in which the
                 employees render the related service are recognised in respect of employees’ services up to
                 the end of the reporting period and are measured at the amounts expected to be paid when
                 the liabilities are settled. The liabilities are presented as current employee benefit obligations
                 in the consolidated balance sheet.


           (b)   Post-employment obligations
                 The Group operates various post-employment schemes, including both defined benefit and
                 defined contribution pension plans and post-employment medical plans.


                 Pension obligations
                 The liability or asset recognised in the consolidated balance sheet in respect of defined
                 benefit pension plans is the present value of the defined benefit obligation at the end of the
                 reporting period less the fair value of plan assets. The defined benefit obligation is calculated
                 annually by independent actuaries using the projected unit credit method.


                 The present value of the defined benefit obligation is determined by discounting the estimated
                 future cash outflows using interest rates of government bonds that are denominated in the
                 currency in which the benefits will be paid, and that have terms approximating to the terms
                 of the related obligation.


                 The net interest cost is calculated by applying the discount rate to the net balance of the
                 defined benefit obligation and the fair value of plan assets. This cost is included in employee
                 benefit expense in the statement of profit or loss.


                 Remeasurement gains and losses arising from experience adjustments and changes in
                 actuarial assumptions are recognised in the period in which they occur, directly in other
                 comprehensive income. They are included in retained earnings in the consolidated statement
                 of changes in equity and in the consolidated balance sheet.




350
                                                                             Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                              Annual Report 2023




   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



45. SUMMARY OF OTHER MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   45.16 Employee benefits (Continued)

        (b)   Post-employment obligations (Continued)
              Pension obligations (Continued)
              Changes in the present value of the defined benefit obligation resulting from plan amendments
              or curtailments are recognised immediately in profit or loss as past service costs.


              The Group participates in the defined contribution employee retirement schemes regarding
              pension benefits required under existing PRC legislation. The defined contribution plan is a
              pension plan under which the Group pays contributions into a separate entity. The Group
              has no legal or constructive obligations to pay further contributions if the fund does not hold
              sufficient assets to pay all employees the benefits relating to employee service in the current
              and prior periods.


              Other post-employment obligations
              Some group companies provide post-retirement healthcare benefits to their retirees. The
              entitlement to these benefits is usually conditional on the employee remaining in service
              up to retirement age and the completion of a minimum service period. The expected costs
              of these benefits are accrued over the period of employment using the same accounting
              methodology as used for defined benefit pension plans. Remeasurement gains and losses
              arising from experience adjustments and changes in actuarial assumptions are charged or
              credited to equity in other comprehensive income in the period in which they arise. These
              obligations are valued annually by independent qualified actuaries.


        (c)   Termination benefits
              Termination benefits are payable when employment is terminated by the Group before the
              normal retirement date, or whenever an employee accepts voluntary redundancy in exchange
              for these benefits. The Group recognises termination benefits at the earlier of the following
              dates: (a) when the Group can no longer withdraw the offer of those benefits; and (b) when
              the entity recognises costs for a restructuring that is within the scope of HKAS 37 and involves
              the payment of termination benefits. In the case of an offer made to encourage voluntary
              redundancy, the termination benefits are measured based on the number of employees
              expected to accept the offer. Benefits falling due more than 12 months after the end of the
              reporting period are discounted to their present value.




                                                                                                                351
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  45. SUMMARY OF OTHER MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      45.17 Share-based payments

           Equity-settled share-based payment transactions
           The Group operates an equity-settled, share-based compensation plan, under which the entity
           receives services from employees as consideration for equity instruments (share options and
           restricted shares, collectively, “Share-based Awards”) of the Group. The fair value of the employee
           services received in exchange for the grant of the Share-based Awards is recognised as an expense.
           The total amount to be expensed is determined by reference to the fair value of the Share-based
           Awards granted:


           •     including any market performance conditions (for example, an entity’s share price);


           •     excluding the impact of any service and non-market performance vesting conditions (for
                 example, profitability, sales growth targets and remaining an employee of the entity over a
                 specified time period); and


           •     including the impact of any non-vesting conditions (for example, the requirement for employees
                 to save or holding shares for a specified period of time).


           At the end of each reporting period, the Group revises its estimates of the number of Share-
           based Awards that are expected to vest based on the non-marketing performance and service
           conditions. It recognises the impact of the revision to original estimates, if any, in profit or loss,
           with a corresponding adjustment to equity.


           When the options are exercised, the Company issues new shares. The proceeds received net of
           any directly attributable transaction costs are credited to share capital (and share premium).




352
                                                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2023




   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



45. SUMMARY OF OTHER MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   45.18 Provisions
        Provisions are recognised when: the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result
        of past events; it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation; and
        the amount has been reliably estimated. Provisions are not recognised for future operating losses.


        Where there are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that an outflow will be required
        in settlement is determined by considering the class of obligations as a whole. A provision is
        recognised even if the likelihood of an outflow with respect to any one item included in the same
        class of obligations may be small.


        Provisions are measured at the present value of the expenditures expected to be required to settle
        the obligation using a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of
        money and the risks specific to the obligation. The increase in the provision due to passage of time
        is recognised as interest expense.


        Provision for product warranties granted by the Group for certain products are recognised based
        on sales volume and past experience of the level of repairs and returns, discounted to their present
        value as appropriate.


        Provision for off-balance sheet related activities of a subsidiary providing financing services are
        recognised based on expected credit loss assessed based on a forward looking basis.


   45.19 Earnings per share
        Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to owners of the Company,
        excluding any costs of servicing equity other than ordinary shares by the weighted average number
        of ordinary shares outstanding during the financial year, adjusted for bonus elements in ordinary
        shares issued during the year and excluding treasury shares.


        Diluted earnings per share adjusts the figures used in the determination of basic earnings per share
        to take into account the after-income tax effect of interest and other financing costs associated with
        dilutive potential ordinary shares, and the weighted average number of additional ordinary shares
        that would have been outstanding assuming the conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares.




                                                                                                                   353
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  45. SUMMARY OF OTHER MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      45.20 Insurance services
           The Group underwrites property and casualty insurance contracts, mainly automobile insurance
           contracts with a coverage period of one year, through a general insurer subsidiary. Premium
           allocation approach has been applied to all these contracts.


           Insurance revenue for the insurance contracts are generally recognised by allocating the total
           expected premiums over the coverage period on a straight-line basis and presented within “revenue”
           in the consolidated statement of the comprehensive income. Insurance service expenses, which
           are presented within “cost of sales” in the consolidated statement of the comprehensive income,
           are composed of (i) incurred claims and other non-acquisition costs directly related to fulfilling
           insurance contracts; (ii) insurance acquisition cash flows; and (iii) losses and reversal of losses on
           onerous contracts, if any.


           Insurance acquisition cash flows are costs directly attributable to selling or underwriting a portfolio
           of insurance contracts which will be deferred and recognised over the coverage period of contracts.


           Insurance contract liabilities, which are presented within “trade and other payables – non-current”
           and “trade and other payables – current” in the consolidated balance sheet, are comprised of the
           liabilities for remaining coverage that relate to future services and the liabilities for incurred claims
           that relate to past services. The Group adjusts the estimates of future cash flows to reflect the time
           value of money and the financial risks related to those cash flows, to the extent that the financial
           risks are not included in the estimates of cash flows. No discounting has been applied to the
           measurement of the insurance contract liabilities for those contracts do not contain a significant
           financing component and the claims are expected to be paid in one year or less from the date
           they are incurred.




354
                                                                           Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                            Annual Report 2023




   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



45. SUMMARY OF OTHER MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   45.21 Lease

        (a)   Operating lease
              (i)   The Group as a lessee under operating lease
                    Leases are recognised as a right-of-use asset and a corresponding liability at the date
                    at which the leased asset is available for use by the Group.


                    Contracts may contain both lease and non-lease components. The Group allocates
                    the consideration in the contract to the lease and non-lease components based on
                    their relative stand-alone prices. However, for leases for which the Group is a lessee,
                    it has elected not to separate lease and non-lease components and instead accounts
                    for these as a single lease component.


                    Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different
                    terms and conditions. The lease agreements do not impose any covenants other than
                    the security interests in the leased assets that are held by the lessor. Leased assets
                    may not be used as security for borrowing purposes.


                    Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a present value
                    basis. Lease liabilities include the net present value of the following lease payments:


                    •     fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives
                          receivable


                    •     variable lease payment that are based on an index or a rate, initially measured
                          using the index or rate as at the commencement date


                    •     amounts expected to be payable by the Group under residual value guarantees


                    •     the exercise price of a purchase option if the Group is reasonably certain to
                          exercise that option, and


                    •     payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the
                          Group exercising that option.




                                                                                                              355
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  45. SUMMARY OF OTHER MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      45.21 Lease (Continued)

           (a)   Operating lease (Continued)
                 (i)   The Group as a lessee under operating lease (Continued)
                       Lease payments to be made under reasonably certain extension options are also
                       included in the measurement of the liability.


                       The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If that
                       rate cannot be readily determined, which is generally the case for leases in the Group,
                       the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate is used, being the rate that the individual
                       lessee would have to pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset of similar
                       value to the right-of-use asset in a similar economic environment with similar terms,
                       security and conditions.


                       To determine the incremental borrowing rate, the Group:


                       •     where possible, uses recent third-party financing received by the individual lessee
                             as a starting point, adjusted to reflect changes in financing conditions since third
                             party financing was received


                       •     makes adjustments specific to the lease, e.g. term, country, currency and security

                       •     If a readily observable amortising loan rate is available to the individual lessee
                             (through recent financing or market data) which has a similar payment profile to
                             the lease, then the Group entities use that rate as a starting point to determine
                             the incremental borrowing rate.


                       Lease payments are allocated between principal and finance cost. The finance cost is
                       charged to profit or loss over the lease period so as to produce a constant periodic
                       rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability for each period.




356
                                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                               Annual Report 2023




   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



45. SUMMARY OF OTHER MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
   45.21 Lease (Continued)

        (a)   Operating lease (Continued)
              (i)    The Group as a lessee under operating lease (Continued)
                     Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising the following:


                     •     the amount of the initial measurement of lease liability


                     •     any lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease
                           incentives received


                     •     any initial direct costs, and


                     •     restoration.


                     Right-of-use assets are generally depreciated over the shorter of the asset’s useful
                     life and the lease term on a straight-line basis. If the Group is reasonably certain to
                     exercise a purchase option, the right-of-use asset is depreciated over the underlying
                     asset’s useful life.


                     Payments associated with short-term leases of equipment and vehicles and all leases
                     of low-value assets are recognised on a straight-line basis as an expense in profit or
                     loss. Short-term leases are leases with a lease term of 12 months or less without a
                     purchase option. Low-value assets comprise IT equipment and small items of office
                     furniture.


              (ii)   The Group as a lessor under operating lease
                     Lease income from operating leases where the Group is a lessor is recognised in income
                     on a straight-line basis over the lease term (Note 9(c)). Initial direct costs incurred in
                     obtaining an operating lease are added to the carrying amount of the underlying asset
                     and recognised as expense over the lease term on the same basis as lease income.
                     The respective leased assets are included in the consolidated balance sheet based
                     on their nature.




                                                                                                                 357
  NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



  45. SUMMARY OF OTHER MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      45.21 Lease (Continued)

           (b)   Finance lease
                 The Group as a lessor under finance lease
                 At the commencement of the lease term, the aggregate of the minimum lease receivable at
                 the inception of the lease and the initial direct costs is recognised as finance lease receivables,
                 and the unguaranteed residual value is recorded at the same time. The difference between
                 the aggregate of the minimum lease receivable, the initial direct costs and the unguaranteed
                 residual value, and the aggregate of their present values is recognised as unearned finance
                 income. The net amount of finance lease receivables less unearned finance income is divided
                 into long-term receivable and the portion of long-term receivable due within one year for
                 presentation.


                 Lease income from finance lease is recognised using the effective interest method (Note 16(c)).




358
                                                                                    Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2023




FINANCIAL
SUMMARY
A summary of the published financial results and assets, liabilities and non-controlling interests of the Group for
the last five financial years, as extracted from the audited financial statements of the Group, is set out below:

                                                            Year ended 31 December
                                           2023             2022           2021             2020               2019
                                        RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                       (Restated)


Revenue                              129,706,167 110,271,923          75,675,765       63,156,985         59,704,322
Cost of sales                       (124,178,725) (106,507,364)      (71,776,845)     (60,860,992)       (57,181,363)

Gross profit                            5,527,442       3,764,559      3,898,920         2,295,993          2,522,959
Selling and distribution costs         (6,195,691)     (3,922,909)    (4,339,756)       (3,641,480)        (4,553,402)
Administrative expenses                (5,656,662)     (5,114,685)    (4,556,045)       (3,850,327)        (3,589,516)
Net impairment losses on
  financial assets                       (455,902)       (627,724)      (143,468)           (55,110)           (53,831)
Interest income                           289,366         160,656        257,438           304,233            290,694
Other gains – net                       1,649,469        (935,421)     1,257,349         1,379,690          2,620,340
Operating loss                         (4,841,978)     (6,675,524)    (3,625,562)       (3,567,001)        (2,762,756)
Interest income                           484,993         330,520         58,558           127,551            171,565
Finance costs                            (467,323)       (351,781)      (425,316)         (439,567)          (516,481)
Share of profit of joint ventures
  and associates                       8,349,006      14,065,159      11,403,900        9,570,978          9,399,343
Profit before income tax               3,524,698       7,368,374       7,411,580        5,691,961          6,291,671
Income tax credit                        215,463         535,540         154,117          355,990            417,186
Profit for the year                    3,740,161       7,903,914       7,565,697        6,047,951          6,708,857

Profit is attributable to:
Owners of the Company                  4,428,845       7,978,417       7,511,030        5,964,055          6,616,265
Non-controlling interests               (688,684)         (74,503)        54,667           83,896             92,592


                                       3,740,161       7,903,914       7,565,697        6,047,951          6,708,857


                                                                As at 31 December

                                           2023             2022           2021             2020               2019
                                        RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                        (Restated)


Assets, liabilities and
 non-controlling interests
Total assets                         218,448,770     189,885,641     154,250,589     142,860,688        137,463,551
Total liabilities                     93,994,958      67,554,186      61,601,804      56,147,060         54,955,305
Non-controlling interests              8,679,635       9,027,144       2,335,474       2,338,597          2,320,135

                                                                                                                        359
      AWARDS AND HONOURS
                Honours won by the Group and
  Subject       its major investees                                      Organiser/theme

  The Company   2023 Best Practice Case for Corporate Governance         China Association for Public Companies
                2023 Best Practice Case for the Board of Directors of    China Association for Public Companies
                  Listed Companies
                6th New Fortune Best IR of Hong Kong Listed              New Fortune
                  Companies (A+H Share)
                The 18th “Golden Roundtable Award”- “Best Board of       Directors & Boards
                  Directors” among the Board of Directors of Listed
                  Companies in China
                2023 Future Business of the Year in China --Excellence   IDC
                  Award, Brilliance Award; Future Business of the
                  Year in the Asia-Pacific Region-- Brilliance Award
  GAEI          Independent Research and Development Group               the Central Committee of the Communist Party, State
                  of Powertrain won the “National Outstanding              Council of the PRC
                  Engineer Group” Award
                The 24th China Patent Excellence Award in                China National Intellectual Property Administration
                  recognition of the invention patent “Shift Control
                  System for Automatic Transmission”
                First Prize of Machinery Industry Science and            China Machinery Industry Federation/China
                  Technology Award for “Key Technologies and               Mechanical Engineering Society
                  Applications of Series-parallel Hybrid Transmission
                  System for Passenger Cars”
                First Prize of Metallurgical Science and Technology      China Iron and Steel Association, The Chinese Society
                  Award for “Development and Application of High-          for Metals
                  performance Automotive Body-in-white Steel for
                  Carbon Neutrality”
                International CMF Design Award-Gold Award (Hyper         International CMF Design Award Committee
                  SSR Models)
  GAMC          No. 1 among self-developed brands in 2023 China          China Association for Quality
                  Fuel-engined Automobile Customer Satisfaction
                  Index (CACSI)




360
                                                                                                      Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2023




                                                                               AWARDS AND HONOURS



                           Honours won by the Group and
Subject                    its major investees                                           Organiser/theme

                           No.1 among self-developed brands in J.D. Power 2023           J.D.Power
                             Customer Service Index (CSI) Study
GAC AION                   Selected into the latest batch of “Light-house                World Economic Forum (WEF)
                             Factories” listed by the World Economic Forum
                             (WEF)
                           Innovative Enterprise of the Year                             Nanfang Daily
                           2023 China Automobile Quality Award-Quality After-            aqsiqauto.com
                             sales Service Award
GAC Honda                  No. 1 among 2023 Mass Market Brands in the Initial            J.D. Power
                             Quality Study (IQS)
                           No. 1 among 2023 Mass Market Brands in Customer               J.D. Power
                             Service Index (CSI) Study
                           No.1 among car manufacturers of joint venture                 J.D.Power, 58 Auto
                             brands in value preservation rate for 2023 China’s
                             Automobile Value Preservation Rate Ranking
GAC Toyota                 Gold Award and Innovative Award in Toyota Global              Toyota Motor Corporation
                             Service Excellence Recognition
                           No.1 for CAACS After-sales Satisfaction Research in           China Automotive Maintenance and Repair Trade
                             2023 China Automobile Customer Service Index                  Association
                             (Joint Venture Brand)
                           Tied for No. 1 for after-sales service satisfaction in 2023   China Association for Quality
                             China Automobile Customer Satisfaction Index
                             (CACSI) (Joint Venture Brand)
                           Benchmark Enterprise for Social Responsibility                China News Weekly
                             Influence of the Year
GAC-SOFINCO Auto Finance   2023 Prominent Auto Finance Companies                         21st Century Business Herald
GAC Capital                2023 Top 50 State-owned Investment Institutions               Zero2IPO Research
                           TOP 10 Industrial Investment in “2023 Top 100                 FOFWEEKLY
                             Industrial Investment”List
                           Active CVC Institution of the Year for 2023 China             Securities Times
                             Venture Capital Golden Eagle Award




                                                                                                                                          361
  AWARDS AND HONOURS



  VEHICLE MODELS AND OTHER AWARDS
  Vehicle Models                Name of Honour                                 Awarded by

  GAC Trumpchi E9               2023 Low Carbon Leader Model                   Energy Saving and Green Development
                                                                               Assessment Center of Automobile Industry
  GAC Trumpchi E8               Top Ten Carbody                                CATARC and China Iron & Steel Research
                                                                               Institute Group Co., Ltd.
  GAC Trumpchi M8 series        Security Pinnacle Challenge Award              China Automotive Technology & Research
                                                                               Center
  GAC AION Hyper HT             Family Luxury Smart Electric SUV of the Year   Carso2o, Red Dot New Energy
  GAC AION Hyper GT             The Most Popular Pure Electric Coupe           Cheshenghuo Auto List
  GAC AION Hyper SSR            Top Ten Recommended Cars of the Year           Automobile Industry Branch of China
                                Nationwide                                     Council for the Promotion of International
                                                                               Trade, Bitauto
  GAC AION V Plus               2023 China Automobile Quality Award-           aqsiqauto.com
                                Compact SUV
  GAC Honda Accord              Sedan of the Year                              Sohu Auto
  GAC Honda Accord              No.1 Mid-sized High-end Sedan in Initial       J.D.Power
                                  Quality Study (IQS)
  GAC Honda Breeze              Best SUV                                       China Media Group
  GAC Honda new Accord          2023 Plug-in Hybrid B-Class Car of the Year    National Business Daily
      e:PHEV
  GAC Honda Avancier            No.1 for Mid-sized SUV of Joint Venture        12365auto.com
  GAC Toyota Sienna             2023 Quality MPV Favored by Consumers in       Automobile Pioneer
                                ZheJiang Province
  GAC Toyota Sienna             Luxury Smart Hybrid MPV of the Year            huanqiu.com
  GAC Toyota ninth-generation   2023 Best (Global) Debuting Car Award at       Sohu Auto
      Camry                     Guangzhou Auto Show




362
                                                                             Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                              Annual Report 2023




 DEFINITIONS
In this report, unless the context otherwise requires, the following terms used shall have the following
meanings set out below:


“2020 Incentive Scheme”          2020 A Share Option and Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of the
                                 Company


“Articles of Association”        the articles of association of the Company, as amended from time to
                                 time


“associate(s)”, “associated      all entities over which the Company has significant influence but not
 company(ies)” or “associated    control, generally accompanying a shareholding of between 20% and
 enterprise(s)”                  50% of the voting rights of such entities


“Board”                          the board of directors of the Company


“CATL GAC”                       CATL GAC Energy Battery System Co., Ltd. (時代廣汽動力電池有限公司), an
                                 associated company jointly funded and established by the Company,
                                 GAC AION and Contemporary Amperex Technology Co., Ltd. in December
                                 2018 under PRC law, in which the Company and GAC AION hold 49%
                                 equity interests in total


“China Lounge Investments”       China Lounge Investments Limited (中隆投資有限公司), a wholly- owned
                                 subsidiary of the Company incorporated in Hong Kong


“Company” or “GAC”               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. (廣州汽車集團股份有限公司)


“Company Law”                    the Company Law of the People’s Republic of China


“CSRC”                           China Securities Regulatory Commission


“Da Sheng Technology”            Da Sheng Technology Co., Ltd.(大 聖 科 技 股 份 有 限 公 司), a subsidiary of
                                 the Company established in June 2016 under PRC law, in which the
                                 Company and Urtrust Insurance holds 85% and 15% equity interests,
                                 respectively


“Fourth Share Option Incentive   2022 Fourth Share Option Incentive Scheme of the Company
 Scheme”




                                                                                                                363
  DEFINITIONS



  “GAC AION”              GAC AION New Energy Automobile Co., Ltd. (廣 汽 埃 安 新 能 源 汽 車 股 份
                          有 限 公 司) (formerly known as Guangzhou Automobile New Energy
                          Automobile Co., Ltd. (廣汽新能源汽車有限公司), a subsidiary of the Company
                          incorporated in July 2017 under PRC law, and in which the Company
                          directly and indirectly holds a total of 76.89% equity interests as at the
                          date of this report


  “GAC Business”          GAC Business Co., Ltd. (廣汽商貿有限公司) (formerly known as Guangzhou
                          Automobile Group Business Co., Ltd. (廣州汽車集團商貿有限公司)), a wholly-
                          owned subsidiary of the Company incorporated in March 2000 under
                          PRC law


  “GAC BYD”               Guangzhou GAC BYD New Energy Passenger Vehicle Co., Ltd. (廣州廣汽比
                          亞迪新能源客車有限公司), a jointly controlled entity incorporated in August
                          2014 under PRC law by the Company and BYD Company Limited, and
                          the Company holds 49% of its equity interests


  “GAC Capital”           GAC Capital Co., Ltd. (廣汽資本有限公司), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the
                          Company incorporated in April 2013 under PRC Law


  “GAC Component”         GAC Component Co., Ltd. (廣 汽 零 部 件 有 限 公 司) (formerly known as
                          Guangzhou Automobile Group Component Co., Ltd. (廣州汽車集團零部件有
                          限公司)), a wholly-owned subsidiary incorporated in August 2000 under
                          PRC law by the Company and its subsidiaries


  “GAC Energy”            GAC Energy Technology Co., Ltd. (廣 汽 能 源 科 技 有 限 公 司), a subsidiary
                          incorporated in July 2022 under PRC law, in which UPOWER Energy and
                          GAC AION, the subsidiaries of the Company holds 55% and 45% equity
                          interests, respectively


  “GAC FCA”               GAC Fiat Chrysler Automobiles Co., Ltd. (廣 汽 菲 亞 特 克 萊 斯 勒 汽 車 有 限 公
                          司) (formerly known as GAC FIAT Automobiles Co., Ltd. (廣汽菲亞特汽車
                          有限公司), a jointly controlled entity incorporated in March 2010 under
                          PRC law by the Company and Fiat Chrysler Automobiles (Fiat Chrysler
                          Automobiles merged with the former Groupe PSA to form Stellantis
                          Group in January 2021)


  “GAC Finance Company“   Guangzhou Automobile Group Finance Co., Ltd. (廣州汽車集團財務有限公司),
                          a wholly-owned subsidiary incorporated in January 2017 under PRC law
                          by the Company




364
                                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                 Annual Report 2023




                                                                        DEFINITIONS



“GAC Hino”            GAC Hino Motors Co., Ltd. (廣 汽 日 野 汽 車 有 限 公 司), a jointly controlled
                      entity incorporated in November 2007 under PRC law by the Company
                      and Hino Motors, Ltd.


“GAC Honda”           GAC Honda Automobile Co., Ltd. (廣汽本田汽車有限公司) (formerly known
                      as Guangzhou Honda Automobile Co., Ltd. (廣 州 本 田 汽 車 有 限 公 司)), a
                      jointly controlled entity incorporated in May 1998 under PRC law by the
                      Company, Honda Motor Co., Ltd. and Honda Motor (China) Investment
                      Co., Ltd.


“GAC International”   GAC International Automobile Sales & Service Co., Ltd. (廣汽國際汽車銷售
                      服務有限公司), a wholly-owned subsidiary incorporated in May 2022 under
                      PRC law by the Company


“GAC Mitsubishi”      Hunan Zhixiang Motor Management Services Limited (湖南智享汽車管理有
                      限公司), previously known as GAC Mitsubishi Motor Co., Ltd. (廣汽三菱汽車
                      有限公司), a limited liability company incorporated in the PRC


“GAC Toyota”          GAC Toyota Motor Co., Ltd. (廣 汽 豐 田 汽 車 有 限 公 司) (formerly known
                      as Guangzhou Toyota Motor Co., Ltd. (廣 州 豐 田 汽 車 有 限 公 司)), a jointly
                      controlled entity incorporated in September 2004 under PRC law by the
                      Company, Toyota Motor Company and Toyota Motor (China) Investment
                      Co., Ltd.


“GAC Toyota Engine”   GAC Toyota Engine Co., Ltd. (廣 汽 豐 田 發 動 機 有 限 公 司), an associated
                      company incorporated in February 2004 under PRC law by the
                      Company and Toyota Motor Company, and the Company holds 30% of
                      its equity interests


“GAC-SOFINCO”         GAC-SOFINCO Automobile Finance Co., Ltd. (廣汽滙理汽車金融有限公司),
                      a jointly controlled entity incorporated in May 2010 under PRC law by
                      the Company and Société de Financement Industriel et Commercial
                      (SOFINCO)


“GAEI”                Guangzhou Automobile Group Company Automotive Engineering
                      Institute, a branch company of the Company established in June
                      2006 for the purpose of conducting research and development of the
                      products and technology in which the Company has proprietary rights




                                                                                                   365
  DEFINITIONS



  “GAIG”                           Guangzhou Automobile Industry Group Co., Ltd. (廣州汽車工業集團有限公司),
                                   a state-owned enterprise incorporated in October 2000 under PRC law
                                   and the controlling shareholder of the Company


  “GAMC”                           GAC Motor Co., Ltd. (廣汽乘用車有限公司) (formerly known as Guangzhou
                                   Automobile Group Motor Co., Ltd. (廣州汽車集團乘用車有限公司)), a wholly-
                                   owned subsidiary of the Company incorporated in July 2008 under PRC
                                   law


  “Group” or “GAC Group”           the Company and its subsidiaries


  “HYCAN Automobile”               HYCAN Automobile Technology Co., Ltd. (合創汽車科技有限公司) (formerly
                                   known as GAC Nio New Energy Automobile Technology Co., Ltd. (廣汽蔚
                                   來新能源汽車科技有限公司)), a company jointly funded and established by
                                   the Company and Nio, Inc. in April 2018 under PRC law, in which 25% of
                                   its equity interests are jointly held by the Company and its subsidiaries
                                   after the completion of capital injection in January 2021


  “IMPOW Battery”                  IMPOW Battery Technology Co., Ltd. (因湃電池科技有限公司), a subsidiary
                                   incorporated in October 2022 under PRC law, in which UPOWER Energy
                                   and GAC AION, both being subsidiaries of the Company, holds 49% and
                                   51% equity interests, respectively


  “independent director”           has the same meaning as that of independent non-executive director


  “joint venture(s)” or “jointly   joint venture companies under direct or indirect joint control, and no
      controlled entity(ies)”      participating party has unilateral control power over the economic
                                   activities of such jointly controlled entity as a result of such direct or
                                   indirect joint control


  “Lisheng Technology”             Lisheng Automotive Technology (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd. (立 昇 汽 車 科 技(廣
                                   州)有限公司), incorporated in June 2023 under PRC law by the Company,
                                   GAC Component and Luxshare Precision Industry Company Limited,
                                   and in which the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiary, GAC
                                   Component collectively hold 45% equity interests


  “Listing Rules”                  the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange as
                                   amended from time to time


  “Model Code”                     Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers as
                                   set out in Appendix C4 of the Listing Rules


366
                                                                       Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                        Annual Report 2023




                                                                               DEFINITIONS



“MPV”                     multi-purpose passenger vehicle


“ON TIME”                 a mobile mobility platform established in April 2019 and launched
                          by the Company through Chenqi Technology Limited (including its
                          subsidiaries) established by China Lounge Investments and Tencent,
                          and its controlling company


“PRC” or “China”          the People’s Republic of China


“RMB”                     Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC


“Ruipai Power”            Ruipai Power Technology Co., Ltd. (銳 湃 動 力 科 技 有 限 公 司), a subsidiary
                          incorporated in October 2022 under PRC law, in which the Company,
                          GAMC and GAC AION holds 23%, 26% and 51% equity interests,
                          respectively as at the date of this report


“Securities Law”          the Securities Law of the People’s Republic of China


“SFO”                     the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong
                          Kong)


“Shanghai Hino”           Shanghai Hino Engine Co., Ltd. (上海日野發動機有限公司), an associated
                          company incorporated in October 2003 under PRC law by the Company
                          and Hino Motors, Ltd., in which the Company holds 30% equity interests


“SSE”                     the Shanghai Stock Exchange


“SSE Listing Rules”       the Rules Governing the Listing of Shares on the SSE, as amended from
                          time to time


“Stock Exchange”          The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited


“Supervisory Committee”   The supervisory committee of the Company


“SUV”                     sports utility vehicle


“Tong Fang Logistics”     Tong Fang Global (Tianjin) Logistics Co., Limited (同方環球(天津)物流有限
                          公司), an associated company incorporated by the Company, China First
                          Automobile Works Group and Toyota Motor Company in July 2007




                                                                                                          367
  DEFINITIONS



  “UPOWER Energy”       UPOWER Energy Technology (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd. (優湃能源科技(廣州)有限
                        公司) (formerly known as Guangzhou GAC Business Renewable Resources
                        Co., Ltd. (廣州廣汽商貿再生資源有限公司)), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the
                        Company incorporated in September 2010 under PRC law


  “Urtrust Insurance”   Urtrust Insurance Co., Ltd. (眾 誠 汽 車 保 險 股 份 有 限 公 司), a subsidiary
                        incorporated in June 2011 under PRC law by the Company, and in which
                        the Company directly and indirectly holds a total of 53.55% equity
                        interests


  “Wuyang-Honda”        Wuyang-Honda Motors (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd. (五 羊 － 本 田 摩 托(廣 州)有 限
                        公 司), a jointly controlled entity incorporated in July 1992 under PRC
                        law by the Company, Honda Motor Co., Ltd. and Honda Motor (China)
                        Investment Co., Ltd.




368
                       H Share Stock Code: 2238
                       A Share Stock Code: 601238




廣州汽車集團股份有限公司




  2023 Annual Report
                                                    ANNUAL REPORT
