                     Guangzhou Automobile Group Company Limited
                     廣州汽車集團股份有限公司
                     （a joint stock company incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability）
                     H Share Stock Code: 2238
                     A Share Stock Code: 601238




                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT




2020 ANNUAL REPORT
Contents
Chapter 1 Corporate Profile and                     Chapter 7 Report of the Directors      138
          Summary of Business                   3
                                                     Chapter 8 Report of the Supervisory
Chapter 2 Chairman’s Statement                 11              Committee                    143

Chapter 3 Discussion and Analysis                   Chapter 9 Corporate Governance        149
          On Operation                         19
                                                     Chapter 10 Corporate Bonds             172
Chapter 4 Significant Events                   58
                                                     Chapter 11 Financial Statements        175
Chapter 5 Changes in Ordinary Shares and
                                                     Definitions                            339
          Information on Shareholders         101
                                                     Honours and Awards                     344
Chapter 6 Profiles of Directors, Supervisors,
          Senior Management                          Corporate Information                  350
          and Employees                        113
         Important Notice


    1.   The     Board,      supervisory      5.   The proposal for profit distribution
         committee and the directors,              or conversion of capital reserve
         supervisors       and    senior           into shares for the reporting
         management of the Company                 period as considered by the
         warrant     the    authenticity,          Board
         accuracy and completeness of
         the information contained in the          The Board proposed payment of final cash
         annual report and there are no            dividend of RMB1.5 per 10 shares (tax inclusive).
         misrepresentations, misleading            Together with the cash dividend of RMB0.3 per
         statements contained in or                10 shares (including tax) paid during the interim
         material omissions from the               period, the ratio of total cash dividend payment
                                                   for the year to net profit attributable to the
         annual report for which they
                                                   shareholders’ equity of listed company for the
         shall assume joint and several
                                                   year would be approximately 31.18%.
         responsibilities.
                                              6.   Risks relating to forward-looking
    2.   All directors of the Company
                                                   statements
         have attended meeting of the
         Board.                                    The forward-looking statements contained in
                                                   this annual report regarding the Company’s
    3.   PricewaterhouseCoopers issued             future plans and development strategies do
         an unqualified auditors’ report           not constitute any substantive commitment
         for the Company.                          to investors and investors are reminded of
                                                   investment risks.
    4.   Zeng Qinghong, the person in
         charge of the Company, Feng          7.   No appropriation of funds of
         Xingya, the general manager,              the Company by the controlling
         Wang Dan, the person in                   shareholder or its related parties
         charge of accounting function             for non-operational activities.
         and Zheng Chao, the manager
         of the accounting department         8.   There are no guarantees granted
         (Accounting Chief), represent             to external parties by the
         that they warrant the truthfulness        Company without complying
         and completeness of the financial         with the prescribed decision-
         statements contained in this              making procedures.
         annual report.




2
Corporate Profile and Summary of Business




                          Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   3
           Corporate Profile and Summary of Business




                                                          GAC Group is committed to becoming a
                                                          mobile life value creator. It will promote the
                                                          transformation of GAC into a technological
                                                          enterprise through the improvement of its
                                                          technological innovation capabilities.



    Group Profile                                           Corporate Culture Slogan
    Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. ("GAC              Creativity Defines Our Future
    Group") was established on 28 June 2005, and
    its predecessor was Guangzhou Automobile                Corporate Philosophy
    Group Company Limited, which was established
                                                            Humanity, Credibility, Creativity
    in June 1997.

    Headquartered at GAC Centre which is located in         Corporate Vision
    Zhujiang New Town, Tianhe District, Guangzhou,          To become a world-class enterprise which
    GAC Group is a A+H share listed state-owned             is trusted by customers, brings employees
    stockholding enterprise group (601238.SH,               happiness and is anticipated by the society,
    02238.HK).
                                                            and continuously create value for the colourful
                                                            mobile life of mankind.
    Brand Culture
              Creativity Defines Our Future                 Brand Slogan
    With GAC philosophy as the core, GAC                    Crafted by the Driven
    Group creates a corporate culture with GAC
    characteristics, building consensus and motivating      Positioning of Brand
    brave advancement, which coheres with the values
                                                            Mobile Life Value Creator
    and strengths of every GAC people to form a
    "business community", and is moving towards the
    goal of building a world-class enterprise and the       Brand Claims
    vision of everlasting prosperity.                       To meticulously and dedicatedly create value
                                                            with ingenuity for consumers and employees,
                         Crafted by the Driven              cooperation and investment partners, industry
    GAC Group adheres to the brand core of Detailing
                                                            and the society.
    and Greatness, never forgets the mission of
    craftsmanship and pursuit of excellence, strives
    to become a mobile life value creator, and provides
    innovative value for users' mobile life, promoting
    industrial enhancement and social development.
4
                                                       Corporate Profile and Summary of Business




I.    DESCRIPTION OF THE MAIN BUSINESS AND BUSINESS MODEL OF
      THE COMPANY AND INDUSTRY SITUATION DURING THE REPORTING
      PERIOD

      (I)   SUMMARY OF BUSINESS
            The principal businesses of the Group consist of five major segments, namely R&D, manufacture
            of vehicles and motorcycles, parts and components, commercial services and financial services,
            which form a complete closed-loop industry chain.


                                                                              R&D SEGMENT
                                                                              The Group’s R&D is based on
                                                                              GAEI, a directly funded and
                                                                              managed body, which is also a
                                                                              subsidiary of the Company and
                                                                              a relatively independent strategic
                                                                              business department operating
                                                                              within the authorised scope. It is
                                                                              mainly responsible for the Group’s
                                                                              general development plan of new
                                                                              products and new technology,
                                                                              as well as implementation of
                                                                              significant R&D projects.




MANUFACTURE SEGMENT
(1)   The manufacture of passenger vehicles is mainly conducted
      through subsidiaries, including GAMC and joint ventures, including
      GAC Honda, GAC Toyota, GAC FCA and GAC Mitsubishi.




                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   5
        Corporate Profile and Summary of Business


       Products:
        The Group’s passenger vehicles include 12 series of sedans, 30 series of SUV and 3 series of MPV.

        Fuel-engined vehicle products of the Group mainly include:

        •     GAC Trumpchi (GA4, GA6, GA8, GS3, GS4, GS4 COUPE, GS5, GS8, GS8S, M6, M8, etc.);

        •     GAC Honda Accord, Crider, Vezel, Odyssey, Fit, Avancier, Breeze, Acura CDX, Acura TLX-L, Acura
              RDX, etc.;

        •     GAC Toyota Camry, Highlander, Wildlander, Yaris L (致炫、致享), Levin, C-HR, etc.;

        •     GAC FCA JEEP Cherokee, JEEP Renegade, JEEP Compass, JEEP Grand Commander, etc.;

        •     GAC Mitsubishi ASX, Outlander, Eclipse Cross, etc.;

        Energy conservation and new energy products of the Group include:

        •     GAC Trumpchi GS4 • PHEV, GE3, AION S, AION LX, AION V;

        •     GAC Honda Accord Sport Hybrid, Odyssey Sport Hybrid, Breeze Sport Hybrid, Crider Sport Hybrid,
              Acura CDX Hybrid, Shirui, VE-1;

        •     GAC Toyota Camry HEV, Wildlander HEV, Levin HEV, Levin HEV E+, iA5, C-HR EV;

        •     GAC FCA JEEP Grand Commander • PHEV;

        •     GAC Mitsubishi Qizhi • PHEV, Qizhi • EV;

        •     GAC Nio HYCAN (Hechuang) 007;

        The commercial vehicles are mainly manufactured by GAC Hino, a joint venture, and GAC BYD, an
        associated company. Main products include light and heavy trucks, construction vehicles and large to
        medium-sized passenger vehicles, etc.




6
                                                              Corporate Profile and Summary of Business




(2)   Motorcycles
      The Group manufactures motorcycles mainly through its joint venture Wuyang-Honda. Main products
      include standard motorcycles, sport bikes and scooters, etc. As at the end of the reporting period, the
      total production capacity of motorcycles of the Group was 1.25 million units/year.


Production capacity:              During the reporting period, GAC Honda’s Zengcheng factory production capacity
                                  expansion project (phase II) with production capacity of 120,000 units/year has
                                  commenced operation in February 2020. As at the end of the reporting period,
                                  the total vehicle production capacity amounted to 2,733,000 units/year.


Sales channel:                    The Group conducts automobile sales through sales outlets and online channels.
                                  As at the end of the reporting period, the Company, together with its joint ventures
                                  and associated companies, had 2,525 passenger vehicle 4S sales outlets
                                  covering 31 provinces, counties, autonomous regions and municipalities in the
                                  PRC.



PARTS   AND                     COMPONENTS
SEGMENT
The Group’s production of parts and components
was mainly carried out through the controlling, jointly-
controlled, investee companies of its subsidiary, GAC
Component, and GAC Toyota Engine and Shanghai
Hino, the Group’s associated companies. The parts
and components include engines, gearboxes, car
seats, micro motors, shifter, electric controller, interior
and exterior decorations. About 76% of the products
were whole vehicle accessories of the Group.




                                                                   Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   7
           Corporate Profile and Summary of Business


                                                                       COMMERCIAL SERVICES
                                                                       SEGMENT
                                                                       Mainly through its subsidiary, GAC
                                                                       Business, its controlling and investee
                                                                       companies, Da Sheng Technology, and
                                                                       its associated company “ON TIME” (
                                                                       如祺出行) etc. in the upstream and
                                                                       downstream of the automobile industrial
                                                                       chain, the Group carried on businesses
                                                                       in vehicle sales, logistics, international
                                                                       trading, second-hand vehicles, end-of-
                                                                       life vehicles disassembling, resources
                                                                       recycling, supporting services,
                                                                       digitalisation and mobility services, etc.




    FINANCIAL SEGMENT
    The Group carried on financial investment, insurance, insurance
    brokerage, financial lease, automobile credit, and other related
    businesses mainly through its subsidiaries, namely GAC Finance,
    China Lounge Investments, GAC Capital, Urtrust Insurance, and
    its joint venture, GAC-SOFINCO, etc.




8
                                                    Corporate Profile and Summary of Business




(II)   ANALYSIS ON CORE COMPETITIVENESS
       During the reporting period, the core competitiveness of the Group was mainly reflected in:

       1.    Industry layouts with complete industry chain and optimised structure
             The Group has formed an industry strategic layout based in South China and radiating to Central
             China, East China and Northwest China and a complete closed-loop industrial chain centering
             upon manufacture of vehicles and covering R&D of vehicles and parts and components in the
             upstream and automobile business, financial service and mobile mobility in the downstream,
             which is one of the automobile groups in the PRC with the most integrated industrial chain and
             the most optimised industry layout. The synergy in the upstream and downstream of the industrial
             chain progressed gradually, new profit growth points were emerging and the comprehensive
             competitiveness of the Group has been constantly enhanced.

       2.    Advanced manufacturing, craftsmanship, quality and procedural management
             The Group has comprehensive advantages in terms of manufacturing, craftsmanship, quality
             and procedural management which mainly include: (1) the world’s leading quality advantage; (2)
             innovative advantage brought by “continuous improvement”; (3) cost advantage brought by the
             pursuit of excellence.

       3.    Continued to enrich product line and optimise product structure
             The Group has a full range of products including sedans, SUV and MPV and continued to research
             and develop and introduce new models and product iterations to maintain market competitiveness
             of its products in order to meet changes in demand of consumers. It maintained customer loyalty
             and a widely recognised brand reputation.

       4.    Initiated the “GAC Model” for the R&D and production system of self-developed
             brand
             After years of introduction, digestion, absorption and innovation, the Group accumulated funds,
             technology, talents and experience, formulated a world-class production system and built a
             global R&D network consisting of the “Guangzhou R&D Headquarter + three R&D Centers
             in North America + Shanghai Advanced Design Studio”. For R&D, through the integration of
             advantageous global resources and the establishment of a cross-platform and modular-structured
             forward development system, the Group has been equipped with the advantage of integrated
             innovation. In the accreditation of “State-accredited Corporate Technology Center” organised by
             the National Development and Reform Commission in 2019, GAC ranked sixth nationwide and
             first in the automobile industry.




                                                           Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   9
     Corporate Profile and Summary of Business


       5.   Built a new energy and intelligent network technology system
            The Group has the world’s leading purely electric powered vehicle exclusive platform GEP and the
            first application of the deep-integrated “three-in-one” electric automobile system. ADiGO Smart
            Driving and Connected Ecosystem, which possesses automatic driving system, IoT system, cloud
            platform and big data, is self-developed by the Group, and created Aion series, a new energy
            vehicle product system based on the new purely electric powered exclusive platform, and a variety
            of GAC new energy products were introduced to the joint ventures successfully.

       6.   Connection to worldwide capital operation platforms
            The Group successfully built capital operation platforms in both A share and H share markets,
            which was favourable to the Group in leveraging on domestic and overseas capital markets in
            various forms to achieve effective resources allocation and realise the maximisation of capital
            appreciation and corporate value through the integration of internal and external growth. The
            Company explored structural reform in governance, continued to improve medium and long-term
            incentive mechanism and to expand its investment and financing sector, optimised financing
            structure, and the role of finance in supporting the main business has been significantly enhanced.




10
     Chairman’s Statement




11                          Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   11
     Chairman’s Statement


                                 DEAR SHAREHOLDERS,
                                 2020 is an extraordinary year, in which
                                 the COVID-19 pandemic brought
                                 unprecedented challenges to the global
                                 economic and social development, and
                                 the automobile industry had to press
                                 the “pause” button for a long time as
                                 a result of the material impact of the
                                 pandemic. The Group directly faced the
                                 dual challenges arising from the impact
                                 of the pandemic and the continuous
                                 downturn of the industry by actively
                                 participating in the double-line battle of
                                 pandemic prevention and control and
                                 production and operation, implementing
                                 the “six priorities” and the “six stabilising
               ZENG Qinghong     forces”, and promoting the resumption of
                      Chairman   work and production and the expansion
                                 of production in an orderly manner,
                                 during which we forged ahead with
                                 determination and moved forward with
                                 perseverance, thereby achieving stable
                                 production and operation. On behalf of
                                 the Board, I would like to express my
                                 heartfelt gratitude to our shareholders,
                                 customers, employees, partners and
                                 people from all walks of life.




12
                                                                                           Chairman’s Statement




FOUGHT THE PANDEMIC WITH ALL EFFORTS TO RESUME PRODUCTION,
AND SUCCESSFULLY REALISED “DOUBLE VICTORIES”.
In the face of the unexpected outbreak of the pandemic, we took the initiative to conduct the pandemic prevention
and control by promptly setting up a leading group for pandemic prevention and control, establishing an emergency
response mechanism for pandemic prevention, and persisting in carrying out regularised pandemic prevention
and control, thereby ensuring that no mass outbreak happened among nearly 100,000 employees. We took
the lead in making donations to support the pandemic prevention and the fight against the pandemic, quickly
devoted resources to the production of mask machines and masks in a cross-industry manner, and produced
more than 100 million masks cumulatively, actively creating conditions for the Group and the enterprises along
the upstream and downstream industrial chains to resume work and production. Faced with severe pandemic
challenges, we took the initiative to promote the resumption of work and production, and established an
emergency warning mechanism for parts and components to ensure the stability of the supply chain; made
every endeavor to expand production capacity to make up and enhance production, and spared no effort to
promote sales growth in a bid to ensure the overall smooth operation throughout the year, thereby achieving
commendable performance.



In 2020, the automobile production and sales volume of the Group both outperformed the industry and created
the highest ranking of the Group in the past ten years;

       Automobile production and                      Year-on-year                                   Slight year-on-year
       sales volume both exceeded                     increase of                                    decrease of

       2 million units                                0.54 %                                         0.89 %
                                                      in production volume                           in sales volume

                                               Annual production and sales
                                               scale ranking rose to the
                                               fourth place
                                               in the industry


In 2020, the Group realised sales revenue of approximately RMB395.498 billion on an aggregated basis,
representing an increase of approximately 5.87% as compared with the corresponding period last year.




                                                                 Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   13
            Chairman’s Statement


     The sales revenue of the Group amounted to                     and the transparency of management and control,
     approximately RMB63.157 billion, representing an               so as to build an intelligent operation system for the
     increase of approximately 5.78% as compared                    entire value chain, and create a “digital GAC”. In order
     with the corresponding period last year; net profit            to improve market competitiveness, we concentrated
     attributable to owners of the parent company amounted          the focus of the digital marketing on the golden triangle
     to approximately RMB5.964 billion, representing                composed of customers, stores and factories to
     a decrease of approximately 9.85% as compared                  strengthen the synergy effect of factories and stores,
     with the corresponding period last year. In order to           and activate the ecology of factories and customers.
     encourage the Company’s performance improvement,               Digital stores, intelligent invitation platforms, mini
     we implemented A-share options and restricted share            programme e-Qi Purchase (e祺購), live digital marketing
     incentive schemes to fully stimulate the enthusiasm            and other projects have been launched successively.
     of employees, align the interests of the core team,            GAC Trumpchi launched the “Fun Car+e”, a digital
     shareholders and the Company with each other, and              characteristic service system, providing more than 60
     facilitate the Company’s long-term stable development.         online services, had provided high quality services to
     We always care about shareholders, and maintain a              over 2.4 million car owners for more than 10 million
     long-term stable dividend policy and distribute dividends      times in aggregate. In view of the enhanced quality and
     twice a year. The Board proposed to distribute to all          efficiency of internal management, digital management
     shareholders a final dividend of RMB1.5 (including tax)        and control were carried out in the three major areas,
     for every 10 shares, together with the interim dividend        i.e. finance, human resources, and compliance and risk
     of RMB0.3 (including tax) for every 10 shares, the total       control, for which certain projects including the analysis
     amount of dividends distributed throughout the year            platform of consolidated financial statements and big
     was approximately RMB1.86 billion.                             data, the information platform of centralised analysis of
                                                                    human resources data and comprehensive risk and audit
     FULLY    PROMOTED     DIGITAL                                  management, and the legal affairs management platform
     TRANSFORMATION TO BUILD AN                                     were implemented, to promote data transparency,
     INTELLIGENT OPERATION SYSTEM.                                  process automation, and intelligent management. We
     Digitalisation has become an important driving force for       fully accelerated business digitalisation, and launched
     the development of the automobile industry, while the          certain projects such as big data platform construction
     special needs and challenges during the outbreak of            and data-based governance system, to utilise a unified
     the pandemic have pressed the “accelerate” button for          data platform and governance mechanism to promote
     digital transformation of traditional industries. Given this   the materialisation of GAC’s “digital” strategy with a
     trend, following the completion of the top-level design
     of the digital transformation system and mechanism
     in 2019, the Group treated 2020 as the first year of
     the Group’s comprehensive and systemic promotion
     of digital transformation. In April, we formally launched
     the GAC Digital Accelerator (GDA) project, to build a
     big data platform and operation platform to realise the
     personalised marketing, the intelligence of the large
     supply chain, the synergy of product development,
14
                                                                                            Chairman’s Statement




view to building a new data-driven engine for the          V-BOX in-vehicle intelligent communication system had
Group’s development. We continued to explore digital       been put into mass production and installed in AION
business, “ON TIME” (如祺出行) launched Qi Lifang (            V. We proactively built an ecosystem of openness,
祺立方), a self-developed one-stop data management            cooperation, integration and innovation by fully
and application development platform, by which precise     cooperating with Baidu and Huawei in the fields of
matching of mobility supply and demand, efficient order    intelligent driving and intelligent networking. Externally,
assignment and safe mobility were achieved through         through GAC Capital, we invested in strategic projects
data collaboration in multiple ports including platform    such as the Project Horizon and AVIC Lithium, and
management, Internet of Vehicles, maps, etc.               internally, we promoted the incubation of Juwan
                                                           Technology Research, Galaxy Intelligent Networking
DEEPENED THE TRANSFORMATION                                and other technological innovation companies,
OF A TECHNOLOGICAL ENTERPRISE                              marking new steps in the industrial application of core
TO    BUILD  AN   INNOVATIVE                               technologies to constantly improve the layout in the
ECOSYSTEM.                                                 fields of intelligent networking and new energy.
The Group’s annual R&D investment exceeded RMB5.1
billion, and made 1,961 new patent applications,
including 823 invention patents, amounting to a total
of 8,040 patent applications, including 2,753 invention
patents, demonstrating the continuous emergence of the
achievement of scientific and technological innovations.
The Group completed the design of a global platform
modular architecture (GPMA), published GAC’s new
powertrain platform brand – “Julang Power” (「鉅浪
動力」), and launched the fourth-generation 2.0ATK
engine with the highest thermal efficiency of 42.1%,
made the public certification record of CATARC, and
our self-developed 7-speed wet dual-clutch gearbox
was awarded the title of “Top Ten Gearboxes in
the World”. For the new energy vehicle sector, the
graphene-based ultra-fast charging batteries coupling
with high-power ultra-fast charging equipment can
charge up to 80% within 8 minutes, and silicon anode
batteries can achieve a comprehensive endurance
mileage (NEDC) of up to 1,000 kilometers, both are
expected to be installed in existing vehicle models in
2021. In the intelligent networking sector, the ADiGO
3.0 Smart Driving and Connected Ecosystem had been
newly upgraded in three aspects including automatic
driving system, intelligent IoT system, and artificial
intelligence, and the world’s first self-developed 5G
                                                                  Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   15
            Chairman’s Statement


     INNOVATED THE CHARACTERISTIC                               manufacture to creation, from speed to quality, and
     POVERTY ALLEVIATION MODEL                                  from product to brand, and fully implemented the “1513”
     TO GIVE BACK TO THE SOCIETY                                overall development strategy, which enabled us to
     DEEPLY AND EFFICIENTLY.                                    basically achieve the goals of the “13th Five-Year” Plan.
                                                                Automobile sales increased from 1.3 million units at the
     The Group firmly implemented the deployment
                                                                end of the “12th Five-Year” period to 2.04 million units
     requirements of the central government to win the
                                                                at the end of the “13th Five-Year” period, and exceeded
     fight against poverty, and successively provided pairing
                                                                2 million units for four consecutive years, representing
     assistance to 20 poverty-stricken villages, helping
                                                                a compound annual growth rate of 9.5%, while the
     to lift 1,259 poor households and 5,676 people out
                                                                market share increased from 5.3% to 8.1%; the total
     of poverty. In 2020, the Group contributed a total
                                                                operating income on an aggregated basis exceeded
     of RMB146 million in poverty alleviation and other
                                                                RMB300 billion for four consecutive years, and the total
     public welfare charities, and won the gold cup of the
                                                                net profit attributable to shareholders of the Company
     “Guangdong Poverty Relief Red Cotton Cup” for six
                                                                was approximately RMB40.56 billion, representing an
     consecutive years. The Group gave full play to the
                                                                increase of nearly 1.6 times over that of the “12th
     advantages of manufacturing enterprises to introduce
                                                                Five-Year Plan” period, and the Group was listed in the
     modern scientific and technological innovations into
                                                                world’s top 500 companies successively, with a highest
     rural areas, formed a unique “GAC Poverty Alleviation
                                                                ranking of No. 189. The Group vigorously built star
     Model”, built a smart agricultural base, founded Qilian
                                                                vehicle models in various segment markets, launched 31
     Agricultural Products Co., Ltd. and established an
                                                                traditional oil-fueled vehicle models (including upgraded
     e-commerce platform “Qilian Fresh Lifestyle Store”, and
                                                                models), such as GS8, Avancier, Wildlander, Outlander,
     did our utmost to build a poverty alleviation industrial
                                                                Grand Commander, and 16 new energy vehicles, such
     chain of “company + base + rural households”; and
                                                                as Aion S, GE3, Aion V, etc in total. The Group actively
     actively carried out “poverty alleviation by employment”
                                                                promoted the layout of the entire industrial chain, and
     by jointly establishing a “GAC Class” in Bijie to build
                                                                accumulatively completed project investment of a
     GAC brand 4S store to drive local employment and
                                                                total of nearly RMB100 billion. The construction of
     achieve targeted poverty alleviation and long-lasting
                                                                many projects of great strategic significance, including
     poverty alleviation. Sharing a common fate with the
                                                                GAC Zhilian New Energy Automotive Industrial Park,
     motherland and developing with the pace of the times,
                                                                and GAC New Energy Smart Ecological Plant had
     the Group will unswervingly become a promoter of
                                                                commenced and been completed successively. During
     social progress.
                                                                the “13th Five-Year Plan” period, the Group’s corporate
                                                                scale, comprehensive strength and development quality
     THE “13TH FIVE-YEAR PLAN” CAME TO
     A SUCCESSFUL CONCLUSION, AND
     THE COMPREHENSIVE STRENGTH
     WAS OVERALL ENHANCED.
     During the “13th Five-Year” period, the Group stuck
     to focusing on quality and efficiency, and insisted on
     independent innovation and joint venture cooperation
     unswervingly, promoted the transformation from

16
                                                                                             Chairman’s Statement




fully achieved leapfrog development, laying a solid         enter a new phase of high quality development and
foundation for the development in the “14th Five-Year       a new development layout with domestic major cycle
Plan” period.                                               as the main body and mutual promotion of domestic
                                                            and international dual cycles, under which the
 Automobile sales                                           automobile industry will experience a critical period
                                to
 volume increased from                                      for a round of transformation and upgrading. The

 1.3      million units
                               2.04         million units
                                at the end of the “13th
                                                            trend of automobile electrification, intellectualisation,
                                                            digitalisation and sharing will reshape the layout of
 at the end of the “12th        Five-Year” period           the automobile industry, and the automobile market
 Five-Year” period
                                                            will enter the “inventory era” from the “incremental
                                                            era”. Faced with new development opportunities and
                    Exceeded                                challenges, the Group had formulated a blueprint for the

                    2    million units
                    for four consecutive years
                                                            development in the “14th Five-Year Plan” period and
                                                            fully implemented the “1615” development strategy,
                                                            in a bid to challenge the automobile production and
                       A compound annual                    sales volume of 3.5 million units by the end of the
                       growth rate of                       “14th Five-Year Plan” period, solidify the strength


                       9.5
                                                            in the six major segments, i.e. R&D, manufacture
                                %                           of vehicle, parts and components, commercial
                                                            services, financial services and mobility services,
                                                            comprehensively enhance independent innovation
              Market share
              increased from           to                   capabilities, and realise improvement in the five major
                                                            aspects including electrification, intellectualisation,

              5.3          %           8.1       %
                                                            digitalisation, sharing and internationalisation, thereby
                                                            realising the high quality development of the Group
                                                            and building an innovation-oriented technological
   Total operating income on an aggregated basis
                                                            GAC that continuously creates value.
  Exceeded RMB             300 billion for four
               consecutive years,
     Listed in the world’s top              500
           companies successively,
      Highest ranking of No.            189.
To cope with the business in the world, one must
first analyse the situation in the world. During the
“14th Five-Year Plan” period, new technologies, new
products, new industrial norms, and new models will
continuously emerge, while China’s economy will
                                                                   Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   17
            Chairman’s Statement


     2021 is the first year of the “14th Five-Year Plan”
     period and also a start for the Group to achieve great
     development and great improvement. We will promote
     the seven major initiatives of “stabilising growth,
     improving performance, exercising strict benchmarking,
     ensuring supply, strengthening independence,
     seeking development and fostering brand”, to identify
     opportunities in the crisis and create a new chapter
     amidst changes. The Group will coordinate and
     promote regularised pandemic prevention and control
     and production and operation, and challenge the annual
     production and sales growth target of 10%, so as to get
     the “14th Five-Year Plan” off to a good start. We will
                                                                    Amid the fierce competition, those who strive for the
     solidly push forward the implementation of the world-
                                                                    best are the first; a thousand boats set sail and the
     class benchmarking management improvement action
                                                                    brave one wins. 2021 marks the 100th anniversary of
     plan and the three-year action plan for the reform of
                                                                    the Communist Party of China, and meanwhile a new
     state-owned enterprises, continue to improve corporate
                                                                    journey to comprehensively build a modern socialist
     governance, accelerate the mixed-ownership reform,
                                                                    country has begun. Standing at the historical intersection
     strengthen the incentive mechanism, and rejuvenate
                                                                    of the “two centuries”, we will seize the opportunities
     the Group. We will expedite the nationalisation and
                                                                    of the times, adhere to the strategy of innovation-
     localisation of key core parts and components, and
                                                                    driven and technology empowering development,
     strengthen the weakness in core technologies, to
                                                                    continuously pursue reform and innovation, and take
     establish an independent, controllable, safe and reliable
                                                                    intelligent networking new energy vehicles as the
     supply chain. We will carry out the five major measures
                                                                    carrier to accelerate the promotion of “electrification,
     of “good appearance, leading technology, leading PVA
                                                                    intellectualisation, internationalisation, sharing and
     (perceived value), brand improving, and characteristic
                                                                    digitalisation” and speed up the transformation to a
     services”, gather resources to create star vehicle
                                                                    technological enterprise and a value creator for mobile
     models that are popular among consumers, effectively
                                                                    mobility, so as to enable the “14th Five-Year Plan”
     implement the “golden triangle” marketing strategy to
                                                                    period to commence at a high point, and strive for
     enhance the capabilities of sales system, and build
                                                                    a new round of leapfrog development of China’s
     a strong characteristic service brand to accumulate
                                                                    automobile industry!
     energy for self-developed brands to reach a higher
     level. We will devote greater effort to overcoming
                                                                                                           Zeng Qinghong
     difficulties in the core technologies of electrification and
                                                                                                                 Chairman
     intellectualisation, deepen the digital transformation,
     explore sharing development models, and strengthen
     industry cooperation and cross-border cooperation, so
     as to form a co-flourishing and symbiotic ecosystem,
     thereby working towards new heights in a new round
     of global industrial innovation.
18
Discussion And Analysis On Operation




                          Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   19
          Discussion And Analysis On Operation




     In response to the transformation and upgrading of the
     automobile industry, GAC Group is constantly pursuing
     technological innovation to transform into a technological
     enterprise.


     The Group launched the e-TIME action plan to implement
     its “13th Five-Year Plan” and the mid- and long-term
     development strategies.

              xperience 顧客體驗

              echnology 科技創新

              ntelligence 智能網聯

              anufacture 智能製造

              lectrification 電氣化




20
                                                                                     Discussion And Analysis On Operation




I.   DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS ON OPERATION

     (I)         ANALYSIS ON INDUSTRY ENVIRONMENT
                 In 2020, the global economic recession continued to be severe, the domestic economy was in a
                 critical period of development transformation, optimisation of economic structure and transformation
                 of the growth drive, and affected by the sudden COVID-19 pandemic, global automobile industrial
                 chain was materially disrupted, the domestic automobile sales experienced a sharp downturn in
                 the first quarter and came to a halt for a long time. With the gradual containment of the pandemic
                 in China, the steady resumption of work and production, and the timely introduction of a series
                 of policies on stimulating automobile consumption by national and local governments, the market
                 demand gradually recovered, the industrial cycle continued to improve, the consumption market
                 steadily recovered, and the domestic automobile industry began to recover gradually since April,
                 which was reflected by the continuous year-on-year increase in monthly sales volume and the
                 continuously narrowing year-on-year decline in cumulative sales volume. The production and sales
                 volume of vehicles throughout the year was 25,225,200 units and 25,311,100 units, respectively,
                 representing a decrease of 2.04% and 1.88% year-on-year, respectively, with the decline rate of
                 5.5 and 6.3 percentage points lower than those of the previous year, respectively. The production
                 and sales volume continued to be the first in the world.

                     Monthly Automobile Sales Volume in China from 2018 to 2020

       0'000 units
        300                                                                                                                     40%

           250                                            14.5%   11.6%    16.4%             12.8%                              20%
                                                  4.4%
                                                                                    11.6%             12.5%     12.6%
                                                                                                                            6.4% 0%
           200     -18.5%
                                                                                                                                -20%
           150
                                                                                                                                -40%
                                        -42.8%
           100
                                                                                                                                -60%

           50                                                                                                                   -80%
                            -78.9%

            0                                                                                                                   -100%
             January    February     March       April    May     June     July    August September October November December

                                         2018            2019       2020           Year-on-year change




                                                                                    Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   21
     Discussion And Analysis On Operation


        Market Share of Passenger Vehicles by Models in China in 2020

                                          5% 2%



                                                            46%


                                47%




                    Sedans       SUV       MPV       Cross passenger vehicles


       In terms of segment market, in 2020, the production and sales volume of passenger vehicles
       amounted to 19,994,100 units and 20,177,700 units, respectively, representing a year-on-year
       decrease of 6.53% and 6.03%, respectively, with the decline rate of 2.7 and 3.6 percentage points
       lower than those of the previous year, respectively. Among which, the demand for luxury vehicles
       strongly recovered, of which the monthly sales since April maintained a rapid growth of more than
       20% year-on-year. Among the major types of passenger vehicles, the annual production and sales
       volume of SUV exceeded that of sedans for the first time, and recorded a year-on-year increase of
       0.06% and 0.66%, respectively; the production and sales volume of sedans recorded a year-on-year
       decrease of 10.04% and 9.87%, respectively; the production and sales volume of MPV recorded a
       year-on-year decrease of 26.75% and 23.82%, respectively; and the production and sales volume
       of cross passenger vehicles recorded a year-on-year decrease of 1.69% and 2.88%, respectively.


       Among which, passenger vehicles of Chinese brands were sold 7,749,000 units, representing a
       year-on-year decrease of 8.10%, accounting for 38.40% of the total sales volume of passenger
       vehicles, and 0.9 percentage point drop from the same period last year. Among the major foreign
       brands, when compared with the previous year, the market shares of Japanese series and American
       series increased slightly, while the market shares of German series, Korean series and French
       series all declined.




22
                                                                             Discussion And Analysis On Operation




  Market Share of Passenger Vehicles by Series in China in 2020

              %
              45
              40
              35
              30
              25
              20
              15
              10
               5
               0
                   Chinese brands   German series   Japanese series American series   Korean series   French series
           2019        39.3             24.2            21.3              8.9             4.7             0.6
           2020        38.4             23.9            23.1              9.6             3.5             0.3

                                               2019                2020


Driven by certain factors such as the elimination of National Standard III vehicles and infrastructure
investment, the production and sales volume of commercial vehicles substantially increased throughout
the year. In 2020, the production and sales volume of commercial vehicles was 5,231,200 units
and 5,133,300 units, respectively, representing a year-on-year increase of 19.96% and 18.69%,
respectively.


Since July, the rate of increase in monthly sales volume of new energy vehicles had gradually
expanded year-on-year, and the production and sales volume for each month made the historical
record of that corresponding month, with a new record high in December. In 2020, the production
and sales volume of new energy vehicles was 1,366,000 units and 1,367,000 units, respectively,
representing a year-on-year increase of 7.50% and 10.90%, respectively, which turned from negative
to positive as compared with the previous year.




                                                                           Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   23
     Discussion And Analysis On Operation


       Monthly Sales Volume of New Energy Vehicles in China from 2018 to 2020

            0'000 units
              30

                                                                                                                               24.8
              25

                                                                                                                     20.0
              20
                                                                                                           16.1
              15                                                                                14.1

                                                                  10.4                10.9
              10                                                              9.8
                                                          8.2
                                         6.6      7.3
                    5.2
               5
                               1.6
               0
                January    February   March    April    May     June      July      August   September   October   November December

                                                        2018           2019         2020


              Note: The above industry data was from CAAM.



     (II)     ANALYSIS ON OPERATION OF THE COMPANY
              1.          Production and sales of vehicles progressed against the headwind
                          Facing the unprecedented severe situation, on the premise that the pandemic had been well
                          prevented and controlled, the Group actively promoted the resumption of work and production,
                          and made every effort to expand production to recover the loss. Since April, the production
                          and sales volume of vehicles had rebounded, and the rate of increase in sales volume had
                          been maintained at more than 10% for six consecutive months since July. In 2020, the Group
                          produced and sold 2,034,800 units and 2,043,800 units of vehicles, respectively, representing
                          an increase of 0.54% and a decrease of 0.89% year-on-year, respectively, outperforming the
                          industry, in addition to which the Group also realised positive growth in production volume
                          in a complex and severe situation. The Group’s annual production and sales volume ranking
                          rose to the fourth place in the industry among the major automobile groups in China, and
                          the Group’s market share in China was further increased to 8.07%.




24
                                                                                       Discussion And Analysis On Operation




                             Monthly Sales Volume of GAC Group

   units
250,000                                                                                                                               40%
                                                                                                        21.53%
                                                                                               15.59%             11.38%
                                                                           16.38%                                          12.37% 20%
200,000                                      6.10%                -1.26%
                                                                                    11.64%
                                                         4.07%                                                                        0%

150,000 -15.94%
                                                                                                                                      -20%

                                                                                                                                      -40%
100,000                             -39.55%

                                                                                                                                      -60%
 50,000
                                                                                                                                      -80%
                      -81.08%

        0                                                                                                                             -100%
            January   February   March       April       May       June    July     August   September October   November December


                                         2019                    2020               Year-on-year change


    By vehicle models

                                               Sales volume (units)                                                  Production volume (units)
                                                                              Changes in                                                            Changes in
                                                                            sales volume                                                     production volume
                                                                          compared with                                                          compared with
    Vehicle            Total number for              Total number for the corresponding            Total number for        Total number for the corresponding
      types                    the year                      last year   period last year                  the year                last year    period last year
    w




    Passenger
      vehicle                    2,040,313                  2,058,500                 -0.88%              2,031,206                  2,020,161            0.55%
      Sedans                       979,099                  1,108,722                -11.69%                976,355                  1,090,750          -10.49%
      MPV                          115,751                    103,241                 12.12%                114,945                    100,623           14.23%
      SUV                          945,463                    846,537                 11.69%                939,906                    828,788           13.41%
    Commercial
      vehicle                       3,443                        3,660                -5.93%                     3,628                  3,653            -0.68%
      Passenger
         vehicle                      438                          142              208.45%                        438                    137          219.71%
      Truck                         3,005                        3,518              -14.58%                      3,190                  3,516           -9.27%
    Total                        2,043,756                  2,062,160                 -0.89%              2,034,834                  2,023,814            0.54%




                                                                                      Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020                    25
     Discussion And Analysis On Operation


          By regions

                                            Domestic sales (units)                                      Overseas sales (units)
                                                                       Changes in                                                  Changes in
                                                                     sales volume                                                sales volume
                                                                   compared with                                               compared with
          Vehicle        Total number for     Total number for the corresponding     Total number for     Total number for the corresponding
            types                the year             last year   period last year           the year             last year   period last year

          Passenger
            vehicle             2,023,964             2,033,824            -0.48%             16,349                 24,676           -33.75%
            Sedans                973,742             1,092,933           -10.91%              5,357                 15,789           -66.07%
            MPV                   115,318               102,901            12.07%                433                    340            27.35%
            SUV                   934,904               837,990            11.57%             10,559                  8,547            23.54%
          Commercial
            vehicle                 3,443                 3,660            -5.93%                   –                     –                  –
            Passenger
               vehicle                438                   142           208.45%                   –                     –                  –
            Truck                   3,005                 3,518           -14.58%                   –                     –                  –


          Total                 2,027,407             2,037,484            -0.49%             16,349                 24,676           -33.75%



          Note: The above sales and production data includes that of the joint ventures and associated companies.




26
                                             Discussion And Analysis On Operation




In 2020, the production and sales volume of passenger vehicles the Group was 2,031,200
units and 2,040,300 units, respectively, representing an increase of 0.55% and a decrease of
0.88% year-on-year, respectively, which were far better than the industry by approximately 5
percentage points, and the domestic market share further increased to 10.11%. In terms of
vehicle types, despite the unfavourable trend, the sales volume of SUV and MPV increased
significantly by 11.69% and 12.12%, respectively, while the sales volume of sedans decreased
by 11.69% year-on-year. The production and sales volume of Group’s self-developed new
energy vehicles continued to maintain rapid growth, and the annual production and sales
volume was 77,100 units and 77,700 units, respectively, representing a year-on-year increase
of 30.3% and 36.2%, respectively, while the production and sales volume of commercial
vehicles decreased by 0.68% and 5.93%, respectively.


The manufacturing enterprises under the Group overcame the impact of the pandemic and
other unfavorable factors, and moved forward against the headwind. Among which, GAC
Honda and GAC Toyota achieved excellent performance in production and sales volume
that were significantly better than those of the industry. The production and sales volume
of GAC Honda was 805,600 units and 805,800 units, respectively, representing a year-on-
year increase of 3.73% and 2.65%, respectively; and the production and sales volume of
GAC Toyota was 765,000 units and 765,000 units, respectively, representing a year-on-
year increase of 14.08% and 12.17%, respectively. The self-developed brands of the Group
realised positive year-on-year growth in sales volume for five consecutive months, and
delivered production and sales volume of 345,900 units and 354,000 units throughout the
year, respectively, representing a decrease of 8.81% and 7.95% year-on-year, respectively.




                                            Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   27
            Discussion And Analysis On Operation


                        The star models of the Group remained hot sellers, among which Accord and Camry
                        occupied the top two in the medium to high end sedan segment market in terms of retail
                        sales volume; and star models such as Levin, Vezel, Breeze, Trumpchi GS4, Yaris L Family,
                        Crider, Highlander, Fit, Avancier, Aion S, Odyssey were all among the best sellers in their
                        respective segment markets.




                      Accord
                  ranked first
             in the domestic
         medium to high end
      sedan segment market
      in terms of retail sales
              volume in 2020




                                                                               Camry
                                                                               ranked second in the
                                                                               domestic medium
                                                                               to high end sedan
                                                                               segment market in
                                                                               terms of retail sales
                                                                               volume in 2020




                            AION S
                        ranked first
       in the domestic new energy
            A-level sedan segment
           market in terms of retail
              sales volume in 2020

     Note: The above data was from China Passenger Cars Association.
28
                                                     Discussion And Analysis On Operation




         During the reporting period, the Group’s newly launched models, namely Trumpchi M8 master
         version, GS4 PHEV, GS4 COUPE, Aion V, Wildlander (including HEV), facelifted Avancier,
         Breeze Sport Hybrid, Crider Sport Hybrid, Fourth Generation Fit and other models were well
         received by the market.




                                                                TRUMPCHI
                                                                M8   MASTER
                                                                VERSION




         WILDLANDER




AION V                                        FOURTH GENERATION FIT

                                                    Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   29
     Discussion And Analysis On Operation


       2.   Self-developed brands stopped dropping and became stable
            Optimised mechanism to improve the efficiency of integrated operation. The Company
            set up an operational management committee for self-developed brands as the management
            decision-making body of our self-developed brands sector to establish an integrated
            management decision-making mechanism, and continuously optimised the coordination
            mechanisms such as the product committee. The Group fully implemented the overall
            supervision system of vehicle models, strengthened the functions of the cost and revenue
            committee, explored the room for cost reduction of vehicle models and promoted platform-
            based and modularised cost reduction, thereby boosting all-fields cost control.


            Reshaped brands to empower a new marketing strategy. GAC AION began to operate
            as an independent brand with an aim to be fully developed into a high-end technological
            electric vehicle brand. In adherence to its core values of “fun, quality and closeness”, GAC
            Trumpchi put forward the new brand slogan of “Smart Mobility Together Is Better” (「一祺智
            行更美好」), to accelerate its transformation into an intelligent technological enterprise. The
            Group issued the “golden triangle” brand marketing strategy, focusing on the three major
            value-added areas, i.e. product, technology and service, to create value for consumers,
            benefit dealers and empower GAC Trumpchi. The Group strengthened retail sales capabilities,
            aiming to improve customer stickiness. The Group attached great importance to digital
            and characteristic services to comprehensively enhance the capabilities of digital marketing
            services. GAC AION introduced certain services such as free vehicle diagnosis and valet
            charging, and launched the AION partner project. GAC Trumpchi launched the service brand
            “Fun Car+e” to create a characteristic service system of “Ten Service Promises”. In 2020,
            GAC Trumpchi again won the first place among Chinese domestic brands in the J.D. Power
            2020 China Customer Service Index (CSI) Study.




30
                                                     Discussion And Analysis On Operation




     Stuck to market orientation to continuously enhance the product power. The Group
     adhered to the leading strategy of “appearance + PVA”, and further devoted resources to
     meet consumers’ demand for innovation and change. During the reporting period, certain
     brand new, facelifted and annual models, such as GAC Trumpchi M8 master version, GS4
     PHEV, GS4 COUPE, GS8S, brand new GA8, GAC AION Aion V, etc. were launched, all of
     which were highly received by the market. The Group comprehensively promoted the QDR
     (quality, durability and reliability) project and the quality training reform of new products and
     built the Trumpchi CQO system, so that all quality indices of Trumpchi were significantly
     improved. Trumpchi ranked No. 1 among the Chinese brands in the J.D. Power Initial Quality
     Study (IQS) for eight consecutive years, and was recognised as the No. 1 Chinese brand in
     the J.D. Power 2020 China Automotive Performance, Execution and Layout (APEAL) Study.


3.   Steadily pushed forward project investment
     The Group constantly promoted the investment and construction of the GAC Zhilian New
     Energy Automotive Industrial Park project, in which the Powertrain II Factory Engine Phase
     I Project for GAMC and the two powertrain projects of GAC Aisin Gearbox were completed
     and put into operation, the main factory building of Times GAC Energy Battery formally
     topped out, the project relating to Guangzhou Nidec Auto Drive System Co., Ltd. entered the
     critical period of mass production, and the GAC Zhilian New Energy Parts and Components
     Industrial Park and the Guangzhou Zhongxin YFPO Automotive Exterior System project and
     other projects were steadily proceeding as planned. GAEI’s Hualong R&D Base (phase II)
     was put into service, and phase III is planned to be completed in December 2021, which
     will be built into a domestic leading and international advanced comprehensive R&D base.
     The 4th line of construction project of TNGA series engines and the construction project of
     M15C engines of GAC Toyota Engine officially started production. In addition, GAC Toyota’s
     new energy vehicle capacity expansion project (phase I and phase II) and Southern Intelligent
     Network New Energy Vehicle Testing Center were proceeding in an orderly manner.


     GAC Honda’s Zengcheng factory production capacity expansion project (phase II) with
     production capacity of 120,000 units/year commenced operation in February 2020. As at
     the end of the reporting period, the total vehicle production capacity amounted to 2,733,000
     units/year.




                                                    Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   31
     Discussion And Analysis On Operation


       4.   Empowered development by independent innovation
            In 2020, the Group’s independent research and development yielded fruitful results. A new
            generation of powertrain platform brand “Julang Power” (「鉅浪動力」) was launched, 1.5TG,
            2.0TM, 2.0ATK engines were certified as “Energy Efficiency Star” by CATARC, in which the
            thermal efficiency of 2.0ATK engine reaches 42.1%, making the public certification record
            of CATARC; G-MC2.0 electromechanical coupling system originated the parallel technology
            of dual motors and multi-gear series and obtained more than 100 patents, which could fully
            meet the equipping demand of PHEV/HEV models within the full range of platform vehicles of
            GAC Trumpchi. For the new energy vehicle sector, the Group completed the development of
            battery cells, possessed the capabilities of independent development and trial production of
            superior technologies such as silicon anode, and made phased progress in the projects such
            as integrated electric drive IDU, fuel-battery vehicles, new energy integrated controllers, etc.
            In the intelligent networking sector, the ADiGO 3.0 Smart Driving and Connected Ecosystem
            was newly upgraded, which could perform various functions including HWA Hands off (highway
            hands-off driving assistance), remote parking, etc. GAC’s vehicle networking cloud platform
            system was connected to more than 1,000 data signals of vehicles to provide all-round
            monitoring. Aion V equipped with 5G V-BOX in-vehicle intelligent communication system
            and V2X application technology was put into mass production, and G-OS system, EEA3.0
            electronic and electrical architecture platform, digital cockpit, automatic driving, etc. made
            phased progress. In the field of prospective appearance design, the concept car ENO.146
            won the Gold Award of China Excellent Industrial Design Award.


       5.   Enhanced quality and efficiency through synergy between different segments
            For the parts and components segment, GAC Component put forth effort on the investment
            in the core parts and components of new energy vehicles and related industrial chains, built
            a cascade research and development system for parts and components, and promoted 35
            key product items such as car seats, micro motors, shifters, electric controllers, interior and
            exterior decorations, etc.


            For the commercial services segment, GAC Business steadily promoted the sales channel
            construction, established 19 sales outlets in 2020, and innovated marketing mode to promote
            sales. Da Sheng Technology, as the core team in charge of GAC’s digital transformation,
            focused on marketing empowerment in 2020, and meanwhile carried out the construction
            of the project clusters in the five major areas including digital marketing, digital control, big
            data, intelligent networking and basic architecture, to fully promote the implementation of
            GAC’s digital transformation.




32
                                                   Discussion And Analysis On Operation




     For the financial segment, GAC-SOFINCO actively promoted the sales of OEMs, and delivered
     continuously growing total profit; Urtrust Insurance launched exclusive brand insurance
     services for customers of GAC Trumpchi and GAC Honda to increase customer stickiness;
     GAC Capital accelerated its investment in the new four modernisation areas to expedite the
     internal incubation of scientific and technological innovation enterprises; GAC Finance opened
     fast credit granting channels to meet the financing needs of member companies, effectively
     easing their financial strain.


     In the mobility segment, “ON TIME” (如祺出行) successfully entered Foshan market through
     launching the hitch ride business on the basis of cultivating Guangzhou market. During the
     reporting period, the market share increased steadily, ranking second in Guangzhou market
     in terms of market share.


6.   Deepened structural reform
     Consummated the work relating to “Double-Hundred Reform”. The Group achieved
     remarkable results in various aspects such as the pilot project of professional managers,
     organisational reform, and strengthening of incentive-restricted mechanism. Particularly, the
     Group obtained the highest rating of Class A in the three special evaluations on institutional
     reform of “Double-Hundred Enterprises” of the State-owned Assets Supervision and
     Administration Commission of the State Council, and implemented the comprehensive reform
     plan of further deepening the “Double-Hundred Action” to promote the in-depth development
     of the Group’s reform and innovation. The Group explored the incentive mechanism combining
     multiple methods, innovated and applied compound incentive tools, and implemented
     A-share options and restricted share incentive schemes covering 2,872 participants, thereby
     strengthening the binding of participants and enhancing the incentive effect. The Group
     also established and improved the core team incentive distribution systems for innovative
     and entrepreneurial venture enterprises to stimulate intrinsic vibrancy and accelerate the
     transformation of scientific and technological achievements. The Group vigorously implemented
     the mixed-ownership reform by encouraging the introduction of strategic investors to GAC
     Nio, so as to achieve cross-industry cooperation through capital injection.




                                                  Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   33
           Discussion And Analysis On Operation


                       Benchmarked against the world-class standard to resolutely carry out the three-
                       year action for the reform of state-owned enterprises. The Group implemented the
                       world-class benchmarking management improvement action plan to set forth 37 core goals
                       and measures by benchmarking against the world-class standard in eight aspects including
                       strategy, organisation, operation, etc., identified gaps and shored up areas of weakness,
                       thereby comprehensively improved the overall core competitiveness of the Group. The
                       Company continued to improve the corporate governance and internal control system by
                       formulating and amending 112 rules and regulations, completing the election of independent
                       non-executive directors at the expiration of office terms, carrying out the construction of
                       compliance management system, promoting the mode of reform of the auditing institution,
                       and strengthening risk management and control.



     II.   DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS BY THE BOARD ON OPERATION OF THE
           COMPANY DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
           During the reporting period, the Group realised sales revenue of approximately RMB395.498 billion on an
           aggregated basis, representing an increase of approximately 5.87% as compared with the corresponding
           period last year.


           During the reporting period, sales revenue of the Group amounted to approximately RMB63.157 billion,
           representing an increase of approximately 5.78% as compared with the corresponding period last year;
           net profit attributable to owners of the parent company amounted to approximately RMB5.964 billion,
           representing a decrease of approximately 9.85% as compared with the corresponding period last year.
           Basic earnings per share amounted to approximately RMB0.58, representing a decrease of approximately
           RMB0.07 as compared with the corresponding period last year.




34
                                                           Discussion And Analysis On Operation




The major factors leading to the variation of results during the reporting period included:


1.    Despite the impact of the downward pressure on the economy and the COVID-19 pandemic, the
      production and sales of the domestic automobile industry experienced a sharp decline, with the
      continuous improvement of the domestic pandemic control and the successive formulation and
      implementation of a series of favourable policies, the domestic automobile production and sales
      gradually recovered, and the industrial performance was much better than expected. Faced with the
      complex and changing situation, the Group actively took measures to boost business recovery, and
      the main indicators continued to improve, the decline rate in automobile sales volume for the year
      narrowed to 0.89% year-on-year, outperforming the domestic industry average level. The Group
      consistently persisted in positive research and development, independent innovation, accelerated the
      introduction of new products, and continuously enhanced the product power. During the reporting
      period, GAC Trumpchi M8 master version, GS4 PHEV, GS4 COUPE, GS8S, brand new GA8, GAC
      AION Aion V and other new, facelifted and annual models were launched, further enriching the
      star product portfolio of self-developed brand. Among which, the sales volume of self-developed
      new energy vehicles increased despite the unfavourable trend, with annual sales volume exceeding
      60,000 units, representing a year-on-year increase of more than 40%.


2.    Japanese series joint ventures launched new products and technologies which continuously
      enhanced overall competitiveness. Among which, GAC Toyota continued its upward progress despite
      the unfavourable trend, the main vehicle models were undersupplied, Wildlander and C-HR EV were
      newly launched, TNGA vehicle models were continuously enriched, and the structural proportion
      of new energy and energy-saving products continued to increase. GAC Honda’s Breeze remained
      a hot seller, and facelifted Avancier, facelifted Acura CDX, Crider Sport Hybrid, Fourth Generation
      Fit, pure electric SUV VE-1+, etc. were newly launched.




                                                          Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   35
     Discussion And Analysis On Operation


     3.    Ancillary businesses in the upstream and downstream of the industrial chain such as financial
           services, parts and components and commercial services were deeply promoted by closely revolving
           around the Group’s strategy, and the synergistic effect among business segments continued to
           emerge which facilitated the development of principal businesses. Among which, the continuous
           deepening of cooperation between financial enterprises as well as the business expansion and
           innovation strongly supported the Group’s automobile sales; “ON TIME” (如祺出行) continuously
           enriched its product business and extended the scope of services, and its market share steadily
           increased during the reporting period.


     As at 31 December 2020, calculated based on the proportion of shareholdings of the Group in the joint
     ventures, the total liabilities and total revenues of jointly controlled entities amounted to RMB68.575 billion
     and RMB130.613 billion, respectively, which will be used in the calculation of waivers granted by the
     Stock Exchange to the Company in respect of asset and revenue ratios.



     (I)   ANALYSIS OF PRINCIPAL BUSINESS
           Analysis of changes of items in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income and
           the cash flow statement


                                                                               Unit: 100 million   Currency: RMB

                                                                          Corresponding
                                                                              period last
           Item                                            Current period           year            Change (%)
           Revenue                                                   631.57             597.04               5.78
           Costs of sales                                            608.61             571.81               6.44
           Selling and distribution costs                             36.41              45.53             -20.03
           Administrative expenses                                    38.50              35.90               7.24
           Finance costs                                               4.40               5.16             -14.73
           Interest income                                             4.32               4.62              -6.49
           Share of profit of joint ventures and
             associates                                               95.71              93.99               1.83
           Net cash flow generated from operating
             activities                                              -36.71             -23.88             -53.73
           Net cash flow generated from investing
             activities                                              -29.38               -0.52         -5,550.00
           Net cash flow generated from financing
             activities                                              -11.78             -17.11              31.15



36
                                                         Discussion And Analysis On Operation




1.   Analysis on revenue and cost
     During the reporting period, revenue of the Group amounted to approximately RMB63.157
     billion, representing an increase of approximately 5.78% as compared with the corresponding
     period last year. This was mainly due to the combined effect of the gradual recovery of sales
     growth in the domestic automobile market, the optimisation of the production and sales
     structure of the Group’s self-developed brand “Trumpchi” vehicle models, and the increase
     in the sales volume of “AION” new energy vehicles despite the unfavourable trend.


     During the reporting period, the Group recorded costs of sales of approximately RMB60.861
     billion, representing an increase of approximately 6.44% as compared with the corresponding
     period last year. Total gross profit amounted to approximately RMB2.296 billion, representing
     a decrease of approximately RMB227 million or approximately 9.00% as compared with the
     corresponding period last year. Gross profit margin decreased by 0.59 percentage point
     as compared with the corresponding period last year, mainly due to the combined effect
     of the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, the year-on-year decrease in overall production
     and sales volume of self-developed brand of the Group, and the corresponding reduction
     in economies of scale.


                                   Principal business by industry
                                                                Unit: 100 million                Currency: RMB

                                                                                   Increase/    Increase/
                                                                      Increase/ decrease in decrease in
                                                                    decrease in cost of sales gross profit
                                                      Gross profit revenue over     over last margin over
     By industry                Revenue Cost of sales     margin       last year         year    last year
                                                              (%)            (%)          (%)          (%)
     Automobile manufacturing
        industry                  379.59       376.97           0.69            5.27            6.21         -56.05
     Auto-parts manufacturing
        industry                   29.99        29.11           2.93           21.22          24.08          -43.33
     Commercial services          196.90       186.29           5.39            4.45           3.74           13.71
     Financial services and
        others                     25.09        16.24          35.27            8.19          17.26          -12.44
     Total                        631.57       608.61           3.64            5.78           6.44          -13.95




                                                        Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020     37
     Discussion And Analysis On Operation


                                          Principal business by product
                                                                      Unit: 100 million         Currency: RMB

                                                                                                      Increase/
                                                                            Increase/     Increase/ decrease in
                                                                             decrease      decrease gross profit
                                                                  Gross    in revenue     in cost of    margin
                                                     Cost of      profit     over last   sales over    over last
          By product                      Revenue     sales      margin          year      last year       year
                                                                    (%)            (%)           (%)         (%)

          Passenger vehicles               379.38     376.81       0.68          5.27          6.20       -56.13
          Vehicles related trades          226.89     215.40       5.06          6.40          6.09         5.64
          Financial services and others     25.30      16.40      35.18          8.12         17.31       -12.62
          Total                            631.57     608.61       3.64          5.78          6.44       -13.95



                                           Principal business by region
                                                                       Unit: 100 million        Currency: RMB

                                                                                                      Increase/
                                                                            Increase/     Increase/ decrease in
                                                                             decrease      decrease gross profit
                                                                  Gross    in revenue     in cost of    margin
                                                     Cost of      profit     over last   sales over    over last
          By region                       Revenue     sales      margin          year      last year       year
                                                                    (%)            (%)           (%)         (%)

          Mainland China                   620.97     598.51       3.62          4.30         4.68         -8.82
          Hong Kong                         10.60      10.10       4.72        538.55    14,328.57        -95.07
          Total                            631.57     608.61       3.64          5.78         6.44        -13.95




38
                                               Discussion And Analysis On Operation




                   Analysis of sales and production volume
                                                                                             Unit: Vehicle

                                                                 Increase/
                                                               decrease in      Increase/      Increase/
                                                                production decrease in decrease in
                     Production                               volume over sales volume         inventory
Major products          volume Sales volume      Inventory        last year over last year over last year
                                                                        (%)            (%)            (%)

Sedans                  56,261       56,052          1,884            4.73           -3.96            9.79
SUV                    217,415      224,470         12,089          -18.92          -16.07          -36.34
MPV                     72,236       73,483          2,184           25.77           25.06          -36.46



Illustration on production and sales volume: mainly from the production and sales data of
the GAMC consolidated report.


                            Sales to major customers
                                                               Unit: 100 million       Currency: RMB

                                                                                               Ratio to
Customers                                                           Revenue                    revenue
                                                                                                    (%)

Total sales to top 5 customers                                           32.91                      5.25



                                  Major Suppliers
                                                               Unit: 100 million       Currency: RMB

                                                                Amount of              Ratio to total
Suppliers                                                     procurement              procurement
                                                                                                 (%)

Total procurement from top 5 suppliers                                  145.13                    24.74




                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020      39
     Discussion And Analysis On Operation


            Amount of procurement fees paid to the largest supplier of the Group accounted for 9.06%
            of the total amount of procurement fees of the Group for the year.


            During the year, to the directors’ knowledge, no directors, supervisors or their close associates
            or shareholders holding more than 5% of the Company’s share capital has any interest in
            the top 5 suppliers or major customers.


       2.   Expenses
            (1)  The decrease of approximately RMB912 million in selling and distribution costs as
                  compared with the corresponding period last year was mainly attributable to the
                  combined effect of the decrease in promotion and marketing expenditures, after-
                  sales service and sales incentive during the reporting period as compared to the
                  corresponding period last year.


            (2)   The increase of approximately RMB260 million in administrative expenses as compared
                  with the corresponding period last year was mainly attributable to the combined effect
                  of the increase in amortisation of intangible assets and the increase in post-employment
                  benefits under the defined benefit plan during the reporting period.


            (3)   The decrease of approximately RMB76 million in finance costs as compared with the
                  corresponding period last year was mainly attributable to the combined effect of the
                  repayment of corporate bonds with nominal value of RMB2 billion and medium-term
                  notes with nominal value of RMB300 million which led to the year-on-year decrease
                  in interest expenses during the reporting period.


            (4)   The decrease of approximately RMB30 million in interest income as compared with
                  the corresponding period last year was mainly attributable to the combined effect of
                  the impact of the pandemic, the decrease in production and sales volume resulting in
                  a reduction of funds, which led to a decrease in interest income during the reporting
                  period as compared with the corresponding period last year.




40
                                                   Discussion And Analysis On Operation




3.   Research and development expenditures
     (1)  Table of research and development expenditures
                                                                  Unit: 100 million       Currency: RMB

           Expensed research and development expenses for the period                                    8.88
           Capitalised research and development expenses for the period                                41.54
           Total research and development expenditures                                                 50.42
           Percentage of total research and development expenditures over
            total revenue (%)                                                                           7.98
           Number of research and development staff                                                    5,832
           Number of research and development staff over total number of
            staff (%)                                                                                  17.39
           Percentage of capitalised research and development expenditures
            (%)                                                                                        82.39


     (2)   During the reporting period, expenditures in research and development amounted
           to approximately RMB5.042 billion, representing a decrease of RMB234 million as
           compared with the corresponding period last year, mainly attributable to the continuous
           enhancement of self-developed research and development and innovation capacity
           along with the advancement of the development projects of traditional energy vehicle
           model and new energy vehicle model, research and development of core parts and
           components, as well as a relatively higher expenditure in the phase of research and
           development in the corresponding period last year.




                                                 Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020     41
     Discussion And Analysis On Operation


       4.   Share of profit of joint ventures and associated companies
            During the reporting period, the Group’s share of profit of joint ventures and associates was
            approximately RMB9.571 billion, representing an increase of approximately RMB172 million
            as compared with the corresponding period last year, mainly as a result of the combined
            effect of the increase in profit of Japanese joint ventures.


       5.   Cash flows
            (1)  During the reporting period, net cash outflow generated from operating activities
                 amounted to approximately RMB3.671 billion, representing an increased net outflow of
                 approximately RMB1.283 billion as compared with net cash outflow of approximately
                 RMB2.388 billion in the corresponding period last year, mainly due to the combined
                 effect of the decrease in receipt of the discounted bills receivable, the increase in the
                 expenditures on purchase of commodities for financial lease business, and the year-
                 on-year increase in GAC Finance’s deposits placed with the central bank and other
                 financial institutions during the reporting period;


            (2)   During the reporting period, net cash outflow generated from investing activities
                  amounted to approximately RMB2.938 billion, representing an increased net outflow of
                  approximately RMB2.886 billion as compared with net cash outflow of approximately
                  RMB52 million in the corresponding period last year, mainly due to the combined
                  effect of the year-on-year decrease in the investment expenditures on purchase and
                  construction of fixed assets and intangible assets and the increase in time deposits
                  during the reporting period;


            (3)   During the reporting period, net cash outflow generated from financing activities
                  amounted to approximately RMB1.178 billion, representing a decreased net outflow
                  of approximately RMB533 million as compared with net cash outflow of approximately
                  RMB1.711 billion of the corresponding period last year, mainly due to the combined
                  effect of the year-on-year decrease in dividend distribution during the reporting period;


            (4)   As at 31 December 2020, cash and cash equivalent of the Group amounted to
                  approximately RMB15.791 billion, representing a decrease of approximately RMB7.814
                  billion as compared with approximately RMB23.605 billion as at 31 December 2019.




42
                                                                     Discussion And Analysis On Operation




       6.   Others
            Income tax amounted to approximately RMB-356 million, representing an increase of
            approximately RMB61 million as compared with the corresponding period last year, mainly
            due to the changes in profit of certain enterprises during the reporting period.


            To sum up, the Group’s net profit attributable to owners of the parent company for the reporting
            period was approximately RMB5.964 billion, representing a decrease of approximately 9.85%
            as compared with the corresponding period last year; basic earnings per share amounted to
            approximately RMB0.58, representing a decrease of approximately RMB0.07 as compared
            with the corresponding period last year.



(II)   ANALYSIS OF ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
       1.   Analysis table of assets and liabilities
                                                                                     Unit: 100 million       Currency: RMB

                                                                      Balance                       Balance at
                                                       Balance      at the end     Balance at        the end of
                                                     at the end     of current     the end of     the previous
                                                     of current   period over    the previous      period over
            Item                                         period   total assets         period      total assets         Change
                                                                           (%)                              (%)            (%)

            Trade and other receivables – current       196.16          13.73           168.44            12.25           16.46
            Prepayments and long-term
                receivables                              50.56           3.54            41.41             3.01           22.10
            Financial assets at fair value through
                profit or loss – non-current             43.75           3.06            31.37             2.28           39.46
            Intangible assets                           122.59           8.58           108.10             7.86           13.40
            Borrowings – non-current                     84.73           5.93            76.92             5.60           10.15




                                                                    Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020     43
     Discussion And Analysis On Operation


         2.   Analysis on change
              (1)  Trade and other receivables – current: mainly due to the combined effect of the increase
                   in trade receivables and the increase in short-term loans made during the reporting
                   period;


              (2)   Prepayments and long-term receivables: mainly due to the combined effect of the
                    increase of financial lease business and the increase in non-current loans made during
                    the reporting period;


              (3)   Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss – non-current: mainly due to
                    the combined effect of the increase in investment in financial products by financial
                    enterprises during the reporting period;


              (4)   Intangible assets: mainly due to the combined effect of the increase in intangible assets
                    through technological development during the reporting period;


              (5)   Borrowings – non-current: mainly due to the combined effect of the increased capital
                    demand for business development of certain enterprises during the reporting period.



     (III) ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL POSITION
         1.   Financial indicators
              As at 31 December 2020, the Group’s current ratio was approximately 1.33 times, representing
              a decrease from approximately 1.36 times as at 31 December 2019, and quick ratio was
              approximately 1.18 times, representing a decrease from approximately 1.20 times as at 31
              December 2019, which were within reasonable range.




44
                                                      Discussion And Analysis On Operation




2.   Financial resources and capital structure
     As at 31 December 2020, the Group’s current assets amounted to approximately RMB56.643
     billion, current liabilities amounted to approximately RMB42.543 billion and current ratio was
     approximately 1.33 times.


     As at 31 December 2020, total borrowings amounted to approximately RMB14.977 billion,
     mainly consisting of corporate bonds issued by the Group with nominal value of RMB3 billion,
     medium-term notes with nominal value of RMB300 million, convertible bonds with closing
     balance of approximately RMB2.603 billion, short-term financial bonds with closing balance
     of approximately RMB400 million and loans from bank and financial institutions with closing
     balance amounting to approximately RMB8.535 billion, etc. The above loans and bonds are
     payable upon maturity. The Group generally funds its business and operational capital needs
     with its own working capital.


     As at 31 December 2020, the Group’s gearing ratio was approximately 14.73% (Calculation
     of gearing ratio: (borrowings in non-current liabilities + borrowings in current liabilities)/(total
     equity + borrowings in non-current liabilities + borrowings in current liabilities)).


3.   Foreign exchange risk
     As the Group mainly conducts its business in the PRC and the sales and procurement in
     the PRC were denominated in RMB, changes in foreign exchange did not have any material
     effect on the Group’s operating results and cash flow during the reporting period.


4.   Contingent liabilities
     As at 31 December 2020, third-party guarantee committed by the Group amounted to
     RMB0, whereas that as at 31 December 2019 was RMB0; as at 31 December 2020, financial
     guarantee given by the Company to its subsidiaries amounted to RMB0, and that as at 31
     December 2019 was RMB0.




                                                     Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   45
        Discussion And Analysis On Operation


     III. ANALYSIS OF AUTOMOBILE MANUFACTURING INDUSTRY OPERATION

        1.   PRODUCTION CAPACITY
             Existing production capacity

                                                                                 Production
                                                                    Designed capacity during                  Production
                                                                   production  the reporting                    capacity
                                                                capacity (ten     period (ten             utilisation rate
             Names of major factories                         thousand units) thousand units)                          (%)

             GAC Honda                                                        77                80.56               107.41
             GAC Toyota                                                       60                76.50               127.50
             GAMC (including GAC AION)                                        82                34.59                42.18
             GAC Mitsubishi                                                   20                 7.61                38.05
             GAC FCA                                                        32.8                 3.86                11.77
             GAC Hino                                                          1                 0.32                32.00
             GAC BYD                                                         0.5                 0.04                 8.00
             Total                                                         273.3               203.48                75.00


             Notes:

             1.       Production capacity during the reporting period refers to the actual production volume during the
                      reporting period.

             2.       GAC Honda’s Zengcheng factory production capacity expansion (addition of 240,000 units/year) project
                      phase II with production capacity of 120,000 units/year commenced production at the end of February
                      2020, and the production capacity utilisation rate has been converted according to the actual production
                      progress.




46
                                                                 Discussion And Analysis On Operation




Production capacity in construction
                                                                                       Unit: ’0,000      Currency: RMB

                                                               Investment                       Expected
                                                     Planned amount during            Total commencement           Expected
                                                  investment the reporting      investment        date of         production
Name of the factory in construction                  amount         period         amount      production           capacity

GAC Toyota new energy vehicle expansion project
  (phase I and phase II)                          1,132,988.6      293,314         399,402             2022     400,000 units



Production capacity calculation standards
Calculated based on standard production capacity and two production shifts.




                                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020       47
     Discussion And Analysis On Operation


     2.   NEW ENERGY VEHICLE BUSINESS
          Production capacity of new energy vehicles

                                                              Designed                 Production                 Production
                                                             production            capacity during                  capacity
                                                               capacity              the reporting           utilisation rate
          Name of major factory                                  (units)             period (units)                       (%)

          Smart ecological plant (phase I) of GAC
           AION                                                   100,000                     61,717                      61.72


          Note: Production capacity during the reporting period refers to the actual production volume during the
                reporting period.


          Sales and production volume of new energy vehicles

                                              Sales volume (units)                            Production volume (units)
                                                                                                                     Changes in
                                                                    Changes in                                        production
                                                                  sales volume                                             volume
                                                                     compared                                           compared
                                                                       with the                                           with the
                                                                 corresponding                                    corresponding
                                  Total number    Total number       period last    Total number Total number         period last
          Vehicle types            for the year    for last year       year (%)      for the year for last year          year (%)

          Passenger vehicle             61,574           42,224           45.83           61,717           43,078           43.27



          Income and subsidies for new energy vehicles
                                                                                             Unit: ’0,000      Currency: RMB

                                                                           Subsidy for new                          Ratio of
          Vehicle types                                              Income energy vehicle                       subsidy (%)

          Passenger vehicle                                          709,626                  122,800                     17.30




48
                                                                Discussion And Analysis On Operation




IV. MATERIAL INVESTMENT
     During the reporting period, the Group did not hold any material investment.



V.   MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS OF SUBSIDIARIES,
     ASSOCIATED COMPANIES AND JOINT VENTURES
     During the reporting period, the Group did not have any material acquisitions and disposal of subsidiaries,
     associated companies or joint ventures.



VI. MATERIAL DISPOSAL OF ASSETS AND EQUITY INTEREST
     Nil.



VII. ANALYSIS OF MAJOR SUBSIDIARIES AND ASSOCIATES
     GAC Honda, GAC Toyota and GAMC are the key joint ventures and subsidiaries of the Group. During
     the reporting period, the three companies actively took effective measures to implement the resumption
     of work and production, additional production and capacity expansion on the basis of strict prevention
     and control of the pandemic, resulting in steady development. Among which:


     The production and sales of GAC Honda were 805,563 units and 805,786 units, representing an
     increase of 3.73% and 2.65% as compared to the corresponding period of last year; operating income
     was RMB118.42718 billion, representing an increase of approximately 12.03% as compared to the
     corresponding period of last year;


     The production and sales of GAC Toyota were 764,999 units and 765,008 units, representing an
     increase of 14.08% and 12.17% as compared to the corresponding period of last year; operating income
     was RMB110.75850 billion, representing an increase of approximately 12.96% as compared to the
     corresponding period of last year;


     The production and sales of GAMC were 345,912 units and 354,005 units, representing a decrease
     of 8.81% and 7.95% as compared to the corresponding period of last year; operating income was
     RMB41.96483 billion, representing an increase of approximately 3.05% as compared to the corresponding
     period of last year.



VIII. STRUCTURED ENTITIES UNDER THE CONTROL OF THE COMPANY
     Nil.


                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   49
        Discussion And Analysis On Operation


     IX. DISCUSSION AND                   ANALYSIS            ON      THE       COMPANY’S               FUTURE
         DEVELOPMENT

        (1)   INDUSTRY LAYOUT AND TREND
              In 2020, the unexpected outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic materially impacted the automobile
              industry chain. With the gradual containment of the pandemic in China, the steady resumption of
              work and production, and the timely introduction of a series of policies on stimulating automobile
              consumption by national and local governments, the market demand gradually recovered, the
              industrial cycle continued to improve, and the consumption market steadily recovered. Overall, the
              performance of the automobile industry in 2020 was much better than expected. With the steady
              rebound of the national economy, the domestic automobile consumption demand is expected to
              continue to recover more rapidly in 2021. However, the current overseas pandemic is still severe and
              complicated, coupled with impacts such as the deteriorating global macroeconomic environment,
              it is expected that the automobile industry will still be affected by the pandemic, overcapacity and
              technological upgrading in 2021. Specifically, the stability and security of the supply chain (such as
              chip supply) may bring greater uncertainty to the development of the automobile industry. According
              to the forecast by CAAM, the total sales volume of automobile in China is expected to reach 26.3
              million units in 2021, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 4%.


              During the “14th Five-Year Plan” period, electrification, networking and intelligentisation will provide
              new opportunities for the development of the automobile industry, and the automobile market in
              China will experience a better development period. During the “14th Five-Year Plan” period, the
              development layout and trend of the automobile industry will show the following characteristics:


              In terms of policies, a standardised and legalised policy environment will become more mature.
              The domestic automobile industry policy will guide and force automobile enterprises to transform
              and upgrade rapidly in dimensions of energy saving and emission reduction, Internet+, independent
              innovation, all-around opening up and service-oriented manufacturing. The management approach
              of the industry will further change from “prior regulation” to “interim and post regulation”.




50
                                                     Discussion And Analysis On Operation




In terms of market, from the “incremental era” to the “inventory era”, brand competition will be more
fierce, which will accelerate the formation of a new industrial layout. According to the forecast,
the production and sales volume of automobile in China will reach 30 million units in 2025, and
the compound annual growth rate during the “14th Five-Year Plan” period will be approximately
3.6%. The industrial structure will change fundamentally, and the advantageous resources will be
continuously devoted to leading enterprises. New energy vehicles will experience high quality growth
amidst market differentiation and structural adjustments, and it is expected that the percentage
of sales volume will reach 20% in 2025. In addition, with the continuously deepening of digital
transformation, the automobile value chain will move backward as a whole, and the aftermarket
consumption potential will continue to be released.


In terms of technology, the commercialisation of intelligent networking vehicles will make a great
breakthrough during the “14th Five-Year Plan” period. The interconnection of vehicles represented by
the Internet of Vehicles and 5G will become the focus of future automobile technology development,
and the value of software will significantly increase. According to the forecast of Boston Consulting
Group, the market share of global autonomous vehicles (L4/L5) will reach 3% in terms of the sales
volume of new vehicles in 2025.


In terms of enterprises, the co-existence of cooperation and competition among enterprises will
become the mainstream. At present, cooperation in the traditional automobile industry, cooperation
between upstream and downstream and cross-border cooperation have become an important
development trend of the industry. Such cooperation is not only reflected in the business areas
such as R&D, procurement, manufacturing and sales, but also in capital alliances, strategic alliances
and other aspects, showing the multi-field, deep and multi-directional characteristics.




                                                    Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   51
     Discussion And Analysis On Operation


     (2)   CORPORATE DEVELOPMENT STRATEGY
           During the “14th Five-Year Plan” period, the Group will adhere to the development principle
           of “internal collaborative innovation and external open cooperation” to implement the “1615”
           development strategy, namely, to achieve one goal, which is to, by the end of “14th Five-Year Plan”
           period, challenge the production and sales volume of vehicles of 3.5 million units, the production
           and sales volume of new energy vehicles will account for 20% of that of whole vehicles, and to
           become an advanced mobile mobility service provider in the industry; to consolidate six major
           segments by strengthening the six major segments including R&D, manufacture of vehicle, parts
           and components, commercial services, financial services and mobility services; to highlight one key
           point by fully improving independent innovation capabilities to achieve high quality development of
           the Group; and to achieve five major improvements by fully realising the five major improvements
           in electrification, intelligent networking, digitalisation, sharing and internationalisation.


           The Group’s vision for 2035 is to strive to become a world-class enterprise with global competitiveness
           which is trusted by customers, brings employees happiness and is anticipated by the society, and
           to continuously create value for the colourful mobile life of mankind.




52
                                                          Discussion And Analysis On Operation




(3)   OPERATIONAL PLAN
      In 2021, the Group’s work policy is: follow the guidance of Xi Jinping’s vision on socialism with
      Chinese characteristics for a new era, understand in-depth the spirits of the 19th CPC National
      Congress and the second, third, fourth and fifth plenary sessions of the CPC Central Committee
      and the Central Economic Working Conference, fully implement the important speeches delivered
      by General Secretary Xi Jinping to Guangdong and significant directions and instructions, thoroughly
      apply the new development philosophy and the Provincial Party Committee’s “1+1+9” work
      deployment and the Municipal Party Committee’s “1+1+4” work initiatives, and take “one centre,
      two unshakables, three changes and four reforms” as the main principle, to thoroughly deliver
      reform of quality, efficiency, momentum, system and mechanism. The Group will focus on the vision
      for 2035 and the “14th Five-Year Plan” development plan, actively construct a new development
      pattern, adhere to the general tone of seeking progress while maintaining stability, and take the
      strengthening of party building as our guide, to coordinate and advance the Group’s seven major
      actions of “stabilising growth, improving performance, exercising strict benchmarking, ensuring
      supply, strengthening independence, seeking development, and cultivating brand”, endeavour to
      seek opportunities in crisis and make progress in the changing situation, so as to ensure a smooth
      start of the “14th Five-Year Plan”, and work hard to achieve the Group’s high-quality development.


      In 2021, the Group will focus on the vision for 2035 and the “14th Five-Year” development plan to
      strive for the goal of a 10% year-on-year growth in automobile sales for the year. Aiming at further
      improving the product structure and enhancing the overall competitiveness, the Group plans to launch
      more than 10 new and facelifted models, mainly including GAC Trumpchi EMP0W55, facelifted GS4,
      upgraded GS8 and facelifted GA4; GAC AION AION Y; facelifted GAC Honda Accord, facelifted
      Crider, Breeze Plug-in Hybrid, facelifted Odyssey Hybrid and EA6; facelifted GAC Toyota Camry,
      upgraded Highlander, facelifted C-HR and Wildlander PHEV; GAC FCA Jeep Compass PHEV; and
      GAC Mitsubishi pure electric A-level SUV LE, etc.




                                                         Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   53
     Discussion And Analysis On Operation


       The main operational measures are as follows:


       1.    Head off to a good start by maintaining stable growth. Carry out coordinated work to conduct
             regularised pandemic prevention and control and production and operation, aim at the
             goals of the annual operational plan, continue to develop sources and reduce expenditure,
             strengthen incentive mechanisms, and go all out to maintain stable growth, so as to get the
             “14th Five-Year Plan” off to a good start.


       2.    Turn around from the losses and improve efficiency by implementing performance improvement
             actions. Speed up the introduction of new vehicles models, enhance overall planning and
             coordination, support profit-making entities to improve their profits, help entities with operating
             difficulties get out of trouble, and guide new ventures to explore their paths.


       3.    Exercise strict benchmarking to improve weak links by implementing strategic layout actions.
             Solidly promote the implementation of the world-class benchmarking management improvement
             action plan, coordinate and formulate the Group’s three-year action plan for the reform of
             state-owned enterprises, continue to improve corporate governance, deepen organisational
             reform, accelerate mixed-ownership reform, promote the implementation of medium and long-
             term incentive plans that incorporate multiple methods, and establish flexible and efficient
             market-oriented operation mechanism.


       4.    Ensure supply and promote cooperation by implementing supply chain enhancement
             actions. Promote the nationalisation and localisation of key core parts and components,
             and strengthen the weakness in key core technologies more rapidly, so as to establish an
             independent, controllable, safe and reliable supply chain. Actively promote the completion
             and commissioning of key projects, and reinforce opening up and cooperation to explore
             new models of cooperation for new businesses and new industrial norms.




54
                                                   Discussion And Analysis On Operation




5.   Focus on self-development and strengthen execution by implementing promising development
     and energy storage action. Improve the operational mechanism of the self-developed brand
     management committee and each professional committee, as well as the overall supervision
     system of vehicle models, to give full play to the advantages of integrated decision-making;
     and optimise the GPMA structure and improve the ability of cost control; devote resources
     to create hot-selling star vehicle models, effectively execute the “golden triangle” marketing
     strategy to improve the effectiveness of sales system, and build strong and characteristic
     service brands.


6.   Pursue innovation and promote the four modernisations by implementing technological
     transformation actions. Overcome obstacles in the core technologies of electrification and
     intelligent networking, deepen digital transformation, explore sharing development models,
     vigorously develop high-end services, refine and strengthen automobile dealership, logistics
     and aftermarket businesses, and deepen business synergy in the financial segment to better
     support the development of main businesses.


7.   Cultivate brands and promote culture by implementing soft power enhancement actions.
     Focus on the brand positioning of “mobile life value creator” to further improve the brand
     value system and build the image of technological GAC. The Company will also persevere
     in public charity engagement to bravely assume social responsibilities.




                                                  Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   55
     Discussion And Analysis On Operation


     (4)   POSSIBLE RISKS
           1.   Industry risks
                The automobile industry is mostly influenced by the overall economic development level, and
                the automobile consumption will either be stimulated or inhibited by the pace of economic
                growth. The Sino-US trade friction in recent years, economic deglobalisation, and the global
                outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic severely aggravated the uncertainties and instabilities
                in the domestic and overseas macro economy, which also further increased the risk of the
                development of the automobile industry.


                Meanwhile, with the economic downturn, the gradual increase in vehicle ownership and
                the slowdown in industry growth, China’s automobile market has entered a new stage of
                transformation from an incremental market to an inventory market. In addition, the structural
                overcapacity of the industry has gradually emerged, and the prices of luxury brands and joint
                venture brands are constantly dropping, which continuously squeeze the market space for
                self-developed brands, and further intensify industry competition.


           2.   Operational risks
                The Group established close relationship of cooperation with international partners such as
                Honda, Toyota, FCA, Mitsubishi and Hino. Joint venture enterprises established with such
                partners had a significant influence on the operational results of the Company. The Company
                continued to nurture self-developed capabilities and accumulate core technologies. After
                years of development, the Company gradually built its self-developed brand, Trumpchi, under
                which the products cover a full range of vehicle models such as sedans, SUV and MPV, and
                also successfully launched many star vehicle models, which have been widely recognised
                by consumers. However, according to the current situation, the Group’s operational results
                tend to be more susceptible to the influence of the joint ventures. If there are fluctuations in
                the financial positions and the operational results of the joint ventures, the financial position
                and the operational results of the Group may be subject to adverse impacts.




56
                                                    Discussion And Analysis On Operation




3.   Risks of policies
     In order to adapt to increasingly stringent emission standards and meet the requirements of
     the “dual points” policy, every automobile manufacturing enterprise must make reasonable
     adjustments to their product portfolios. Meanwhile, due to the negative impact of the
     continuously decreased subsidies and the need for ever improving supporting infrastructure,
     automobile enterprises are exposed to more operational risks. In addition, more and more
     cities promulgated policies to control the total number of vehicles due to the pressure on
     transportation, which bring negative impact to the local automobile consumption. Although
     the central and local governments have successively introduced some policies and measures
     to promote automobile consumption since the outbreak of the pandemic, when the pandemic
     will have been fully contained in the future, the termination of such policies and measures
     may also have certain impact on the automobile consumption market.


4.   Risks of supply chain
     The prolonged global spread of the COVID-19 pandemic and natural disasters have caused
     enterprises of key electronic components, such as chips, to operate under capacity, in addition,
     the development of China’s automobile industry in 2020 outperformed international predictions,
     and the increased demand for consumer electronics such as household appliances and
     mobile phones, the global shortage in supply of chips occurred as a result, which seriously
     affected the development of China’s automobile industry. At the same time, it also exposed a
     prominent problem regarding the security of key part and component supply chain of China’s
     automobile industry, therefore, whether a safe, autonomous and controllable key part and
     component supply chain system can be established as soon as possible in the future will be
     an important factor in restricting the development of the industry.




                                                   Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   57
          Significant Events


     I.   PROPOSED PROFIT DISTRIBUTION PLAN FOR ORDINARY SHARES OR
          CONVERSION OF CAPITAL RESERVES

          (I)    FORMULATION, IMPLEMENTATION AND ADJUSTMENTS OF CASH DIVIDEND
                 POLICY
                 During the reporting period, the Group has strictly complied with the requirements of the Articles
                 of Association and the dividend distribution plans for shareholders (2018-2020) of Guangzhou
                 Automobile Group Co., Ltd. During the reporting period, profit distribution plans for the year of
                 2019 and for the interim period of 2020 were implemented, among which the criteria and proportion
                 of cash dividend were clear, and the related decision-making procedures and mechanisms were
                 complete and in compliance with the regulations. Independent non-executive directors performed
                 their duties diligently and expressed their independent opinions.



          (II)   SCHEMES OR PLANS FOR PROFIT DISTRIBUTION FOR ORDINARY SHARES
                 AND CONVERSION OF CAPITAL RESERVE INTO SHARES IN THE LAST 3 YEARS
                 (INCLUDING THE REPORTING PERIOD)
                                                                                                         Unit: 000       Currency: RMB

                                                                                                             Net profit    Percentage of
                                                                                                        attributable to     the net profit
                                                                                                    the holders of the     attributable to
                                                                        Number                      ordinary shares of the holders of the
                                    Number of                          of shares                      the Company in ordinary shares of
                                  bonus shares Dividends paid     transferred to                     the consolidated    the Company in
                                     issued for   for every 10     share capital   Amount of cash             financial the consolidated
                                       every 10 shares (yuan)       for every 10     dividend (tax statements during             financial
                 Dividend Year   shares (share) (tax inclusive)   shares (share)         inclusive)            the year   statements (%)

                 2020                        0              1.8               0          1,859,787           5,964,055              31.18
                 2019                        0              2.0               0          2,047,541           6,616,265              30.95
                 2018                        0              3.8               0          3,886,913          10,899,603              35.66




58
                                                                                                                                                                 Significant Events




            Note: The Company proposes to distribute final dividend for 2020 of RMB0.15 (tax inclusive) in cash for
                  every share to registered shareholders on the share record date. Due to the effect of the conversion of
                  convertible bonds into shares and the exercise of share options, the total amount of dividend actually
                  distributed shall be determined based on the total share capital on the share record date. The amount
                  of dividend shown in the above table was temporarily calculated based on the total share capital of
                  10,350,992,882 shares of the Company on 28 February 2021 and the total amount of final dividend
                  would be RMB1,552,648,932.30. As interim dividend of RMB307,137,874.14 was distributed in 2020,
                  a total dividend of RMB1,859,786,806.44 would be distributed in 2020.



      (III) RESERVES AVAILABLE FOR DISTRIBUTION TO SHAREHOLDERS
            According to the Articles of Association, the distributable reserves of the Company are based on
            the profit after taxation determined pursuant to the Generally Accepted Accounting Principles of the
            PRC and Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (whichever is lower). As at 31 December 2020,
            the Company’s reserves available for distribution to shareholders amounted to RMB25,563,568,000
            (2019: RMB20,587,427,000).



II.   PERFORMANCE OF UNDERTAKINGS

      (I)   THE UNDERTAKINGS BY THE ULTIMATE CONTROLLERS, SHAREHOLDERS,
            RELATED PARTIES, PURCHASERS OF THE COMPANY, THE COMPANY AND
            OTHER RELEVANT PARTIES DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD OR SUBSISTING
            DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD

                                                                                                                                                                                               Whether
                                                                                                                                                                                 Is there a    fulfilled
            Background of      Type of                                                                                                                           Time and period fulfillment   strictly in
            undertakings       undertakings Undertaker                              Contents of undertakings                                                     of undertaking time limit     time


            Undertaking in     Shares with Guangzhou Huiyin Tianyue Equity         The A shares of the Company subscribed under the non-public issuance and the 17 November        Yes         Yes
             connection with     trading    Investment Fund Management Co.,          Company’s shares held on the basis of this subscription for A shares as a result    2017 –
             refinancing         moratorium Ltd. (廣州匯垠天粵股權投資基金管理 of the Company’s distribution of stock dividends and capitalisation of shares after 16 November
                                            有限公司), Guangzhou State-owned             the completion of issuance shal not be directly or indirectly transferred within 36 2020
                                            Assets Development Holdings Co.,         months from the completion date of issuance.
                                            Ltd. (廣州國資發展控股有限公司),
                                            Guangzhou Finance Holdings Assets
                                            Management Co., Ltd. － GFHAM
                                            Wealth Management Select No. 3
                                            Private Investment Fund (廣州金控資
                                            產管理有限公司－廣金資產財富管理
                                            優選3號私募投資基金), Guangzhou
                                            Light Industry & Trade Group Co., Ltd.
                                            (廣州輕工工貿集團有限公司), Suiyong
                                            Holdings Co., Ltd. (穗甬控股有限公司)




                                                                                                                 Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020                                   59
     Significant Events


                                                                                                                                                                            Whether
                                                                                                                                                              Is there a    fulfilled
       Background of      Type of                                                                                                             Time and period fulfillment   strictly in
       undertakings       undertakings Undertaker   Contents of undertakings                                                                  of undertaking time limit     time


       Other commitments Dividends     The Group    Provided that the profit and cash of the Company is sufficient for the continuous 2018-2020                 Yes         Yes
         to the medium and                             operation and long term development of the Company, the profit distributed in
         smal shareholders                             cash in each of the years between 2018 and 2020 shal be no less than 10%
         of the Company                                of the distributable profit realised in such year, whereas the cumulative profit
                                                       distributed in cash for the three consecutive years shal be no less than 30% of the
                                                       average distributable profits realised in these three years. Articles of Association:
                                                       Profit distributed in cash shal be no less than 10% of the distributable profit
                                                       realised in such year.
       Other commitments Non-          GAIG         (1) Directly or indirectly do or participate in (or assist in doing or participating in) any Long-term      Yes         Yes
         to the medium and competition                 business or activities which compete or may compete with the principal business
         smal shareholders                             of the Company in any manner (including but not limited to investment, merger
         of the Company                                and acquisition, forming associates, joint venture, cooperation, partnership, trust,
                                                       underwriting, operating lease, acquisition of equity or joint stock), whether solely or
                                                       jointly with other parties, in the PRC or overseas; (2) support any person other than
                                                       promoters of the Company or subsidiaries of the promoters to do or participate
                                                       in any business which competes or may compete with the principal business of
                                                       the Company in any manner in the PRC or overseas; (3) intervene in any business
                                                       or activities which compete or may compete with the principal business of the
                                                       Company by other means (whether directly or indirectly), provided that the above
                                                       undertaking shal not be applicable where GAIG or its subsidiaries (other than the
                                                       Company and its subsidiaries) acquire or hold for investment purpose not more
                                                       than 5% interest in other company listed on an international y recognised stock
                                                       exchange whose principal business competes or may compete with the principal
                                                       business of the Company; or where GAIG or its subsidiaries or investee company
                                                       hold not more than 5% interest in a third party whose principal business competes
                                                       or may compete with the principal business of the Company as a result of the debt
                                                       restructuring of third parties; (4) if GAIG or its subsidiaries (other than the Company
                                                       and its subsidiaries) come across any new business opportunity which competes
                                                       or may compete with the principal business of the Company, it shal immediately
                                                       inform the Company in writing, and shal use its best endeavours to procure
                                                       such business opportunity be first offered to the Company or its subsidiaries on
                                                       fair and reasonable terms and conditions. The Company shal , within 30 days
                                                       from receiving the aforesaid notification, notify GAIG or its subsidiaries (other
                                                       than the Company and its subsidiaries) in writing whether or not the Company
                                                       or its subsidiaries intend to take up the aforesaid business opportunity. Upon
                                                       receiving notification from the Company that it intends to take up such opportunity,
                                                       GAIG or its subsidiaries shal refer such business opportunity to the Company
                                                       or its subsidiaries; (5) if the Company or its subsidiaries decide not to take up
                                                       such business opportunities for any reason, upon receiving notification from the
                                                       Company of such intention or the Company fails to respond in writing to GAIG or
                                                       its subsidiaries within the said 30-day period, GAIG or its subsidiaries (other than
                                                       the Company and its subsidiaries) may operate such new business on its own;
                                                       (6) in the future, when GAIG or its subsidiaries (other than the Company and its
                                                       subsidiaries) operate such new business which competes or may compete with
                                                       the principal business of the Company pursuant to paragraph (5) above, or due to
                                                       adjustments in national policies or other force majeure or unexpected events, such
                                                       that competition in the same business occurs or becomes inevitable, GAIG or its
                                                       subsidiaries (other than the Company and its subsidiaries) shal offer an option to
                                                       the Company or its subsidiaries, pursuant to which the Company or its subsidiaries
                                                       shal have the right to acquire any equity, asset and other interest in the competing
                                                       business from GAIG or its subsidiaries in accordance with statutory processes in
                                                       one or multiple tranches, or the Company or its subsidiaries may elect to operate
                                                       assets or businesses in the competing business by way of entrusted operation,
                                                       operating lease or underwriting operation in accordance with statutory processes,
                                                       provided that the relevant laws and regulations of the PRC and the listing rules of
                                                       the relevant stock exchange then in force are complied with.

60
                                                                                       Significant Events




   (II)   EXPLANATION ON WHETHER THE COMPANY HAS ACHIEVED ITS PROFIT
          FORECAST IN RELATION TO ASSETS OR PROJECTS, IF THERE IS ANY PROFIT
          FORECAST IN RELATION TO THE COMPANY’S ASSETS OR PROJECTS, AND
          THE REPORTING PERIOD IS WITHIN THE PROFIT FORECAST PERIOD
          □ Met    □ Unmet    ✓ N/A



III. APPROPRIATION OF FUNDS AND REPAYMENT OF DEBTS AND
     LIABILITIES DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
   □ Applicable    ✓ N/A



IV. APPOINTMENT OR DISMISSAL OF ACCOUNTANTS
                                            Currently appointed

   Name of domestic accounting firm         BDO China Shu Lun Pan Certified Public Accountants LLP
   Remuneration of domestic accounting firm RMB830,000
   Audit years of domestic accounting firm  12 years
   Name of overseas accounting firm         PricewaterhouseCoopers
                                            Certified Public Accountants and Registered PIE Auditor
   Remuneration of overseas accounting firm RMB3,100,000
   Audit years of overseas accounting firm  10 years


                                         Name                                                  Remuneration

   Internal control auditor              BDO China Shu Lun Pan Certified                          RMB370,000
                                         Public Accountants LLP




                                                        Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   61
          Significant Events


          EXPLANATION ON APPOINTMENT AND DISMISSAL OF ACCOUNTING FIRMS
          As considered and approved at the 41st meeting of the 5th session of the Board, the 14th meeting of the 5th
          session of the supervisory committee and the 2019 annual general meeting of the Company, the Company
          re-appointed BDO China Shu Lun Pan Certified Public Accountants LLP and PricewaterhouseCoopers
          as auditors of the Company for the year 2020.



          CHANGE OF ACCOUNTING FIRM DURING THE AUDITING PERIOD
          □ Applicable    ✓ N/A



     V.   DESCRIPTION OF RISKS OF SUSPENSION OF LISTING
          □ Applicable    ✓ N/A



     VI. MATTERS RELATING TO INSOLVENCY OR RESTRUCTURING
          □ Applicable    ✓ N/A



     VII. MATERIAL LITIGATIONS AND ARBITRATIONS
          The Company had no material litigation and arbitration during the year



     VIII. PUNISHMENT ON THE COMPANY AND ITS DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS,
           SENIOR MANAGEMENT, CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS, ULTIMATE
           CONTROLLERS AND PURCHASERS AND RELEVANT RECTIFICATIONS
          □ Applicable    ✓ N/A



     IX. DESCRIPTION OF INTEGRITY OF THE COMPANY AND ITS
         SHAREHOLDERS AND ACTUAL CONTROLLERS DURING THE
         REPORTING PERIOD
          □ Applicable    ✓ N/A




62
                                                                                             Significant Events




X.   SHARE OPTION SCHEME, EMPLOYEE STOCK OWNERSHIP SCHEME
     OR OTHER STAFF INCENTIVES OF THE COMPANY AND THEIR IMPACTS

     A-SHARE OPTION
     A-share option represents the right granted to a participant by the Company to acquire certain number
     of A shares of the Company at a pre-determined price and conditions within a particular period of time.
     The source of the underlying shares shall be the ordinary A shares to be issued by the Company to the
     participants.



     RESTRICTED SHARES
     Restricted shares represent a certain number of A shares of the Company granted to the participants
     by the Company under the conditions and at the price as stipulated in the incentive scheme, which are
     subject to the lock-up period and can only be unlocked for trading when the unlocking conditions under
     the incentive scheme are satisfied. The source of the underlying shares shall be the ordinary A shares to
     be issued by the Company to the participants.




                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   63
     Significant Events


     2017 SECOND A SHARE OPTION INCENTIVE SCHEME
     In order to further refine the corporate governance structure of the Company, facilitate the establishment and
     improvement of incentive systems of the Company, fully mobilise the enthusiasm, sense of responsibility and
     sense of mission of the directors, senior management and other key personnel in core technology, business
     and management of the Company, and effectively bond the interests of shareholders, the Company and
     individual operators, making all parties to attend to and jointly strive for the long-term development of the
     Company, the second A share option incentive scheme (the “Second Share Option Incentive Scheme”)
     was formulated and passed at the 2017 second extraordinary general meeting and the 2017 first class
     meetings for holders of A and H shares of the Company held on 18 December 2017. A total of 403,335,400
     A share options were granted to 2,358 participants upon the Company’s implementation of the initial
     grant under the Second Share Option Incentive Scheme on the same date and the registration of grant
     was completed on 9 February 2018. The participants under the initial grant pursuant to the Second Share
     Option Incentive Scheme include the directors (excluding independent directors), senior management and
     other management personnel and core technical (business) key personnel of the Company having direct
     impact on the operation results and development of the Company. Participants eligible for the grant of
     reserved options shall include core talents of the Company’s new energy and intelligent network business
     or other management and technical personnel having significant impact on the Company’s operation
     and development, who should be introduced or promoted. The aforesaid personnel shall be considered
     and approved by the Board and shall be confirmed within 12 months after consideration and approval
     of the Second Share Option Incentive Scheme at the shareholders’ meetings and shall not duplicate any
     participant under the initial grant.


     As at 18 December 2017, the exercise price of the A share options was RMB28.40 per share. The closing
     price of the A shares of the Company immediately prior to the date of grant of the Second Share Option
     Incentive Scheme was RMB24.06 per share.


     On 17 December 2018, the Company granted an aggregate of 62,336,900 A share options, being the
     share options reserved for grant under the Second Share Option Incentive Scheme, to 457 eligible
     participants to subscribe for a total of 62,336,900 A shares. The exercise price was RMB10.61 per A
     share and would be adjusted in accordance with the relevant requirements under the Second Share Option
     Incentive Scheme in the event of conversion of capital reserve into shares, bonus issue, subdivision, right
     issue or consolidation of shares of the Company which had taken place prior to any exercise. The closing
     price of the A shares of the Company immediately prior to the date of grant of the Second Share Option
     Incentive Scheme was RMB10.49 per share.




64
                                                                                                             Significant Events




The Second Share Option Incentive Scheme shall be effective for 6 years and its vesting period is 24
months. If the conditions of exercise under the scheme are fulfilled on the exercise date, participants shall
exercise their A share options in different periods within 36 months after expiry of the 24-month period from
the date of grant. Due to the corresponding adjustments made in accordance with the Company’s profit
distribution plan as well as resignation, retirement, appraisal and unsatisfied performance of participants,
as at the end of the reporting period, the number of securities issuable under the Second Share Option
Incentive Scheme was 216,665,000 shares, representing approximately 2.09% of total issued shares of
the Company as at 31 December 2020.


The exercise arrangements in each stage of the A share options under initial grant are as follows:

                                                                                                                              Exercise
Exercise arrangement   Exercise period                                                                                      proportion

First exercise         Commencing on the first trading day after expiry of the 24-month period from the date of initial                1/3
                        grant and ending on the last trading day of the 36-month period from the date of grant
Second exercise        Commencing on the first trading day after expiry of the 36-month period from the date of initial                1/3
                        grant and ending on the last trading day of the 48-month period from the date of grant
Third exercise         Commencing on the first trading day after expiry of the 48-month period from the date of initial                1/3
                        grant and ending on the last trading day of the 60-month period from the date of grant



The exercise arrangements in each stage of the reserved A share options to be granted are as follows:

                                                                                                                              Exercise
Exercise arrangement   Exercise period                                                                                      proportion

First exercise         Commencing on the first trading day after expiry of the 24-month period from the date of grant                  1/3
                        of reserved share options and ending on the last trading day of the 36-month period from the
                        date of grant
Second exercise        Commencing on the first trading day after expiry of the 36-month period from the date of grant                  1/3
                        of reserved share options and ending on the last trading day of the 48-month period from the
                        date of grant
Third exercise         Commencing on the first trading day after expiry of the 48-month period from the date of grant                  1/3
                        of reserved share options and ending on the last trading day of the 60-month period from the
                        date of grant




                                                                           Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020         65
     Significant Events


     The remaining life of the Second Share Option Incentive Scheme is approximately 3 years. The participants
     shall complete the exercise of share options within the validity period. If the conditions of exercise are
     not fulfilled, the A share options for that period shall not be exercised. If the conditions of exercise are
     fulfilled but not all of the relevant share options for that period have been exercised, such portion of the
     A share options shall lapse automatically and shall be cancelled by the Company.


     On 22 June 2020, as a result of the implementation of the final profit distribution plan of 2019, the exercise
     price of the initial grant of the Second Share Option Incentive Scheme was adjusted to RMB19.40/A
     share, and the exercise price of the reserved share option was adjusted to RMB10.13/A share. For details,
     please refer to the “Announcement on Adjusting the Exercise Price of the Initial Grant and Reserved Share
     Option of the Second Share Option Incentive Scheme” (Announcement No.: Lin 2020-048) published on
     the websites of SSE and the Stock Exchange on 14 June 2020.


     On 21 September 2020, according to the interim profit distribution plan of 2020, the exercise price of the
     initial grant of the Second Share Option Incentive Scheme was adjusted to RMB19.37/A share, and the
     exercise price of the reserved share option was adjusted to RMB10.10/A share. For details, please refer
     to the “Announcement on Adjusting the Exercise Price of the Initial Grant and Reserved Share Option
     of the Second Share Option Incentive Scheme” (Announcement No.: Lin 2020-071) published on the
     websites of SSE and the Stock Exchange on 10 September 2020.


     The first exercise period for the initial grant of the Second Share Option Incentive Scheme was from 18
     December 2019 to 17 December 2020, during which no option was exercised.


     Options granted in the second exercise period for the initial grant of the Second Share Option Incentive
     Scheme were cancelled according to the rules due to failure to satisfy the performance conditions.


     The first exercise period for the reserved share options of the Second Share Option Incentive Scheme
     commenced on 17 December 2020 and will end on 16 December 2021, and options in respect of an
     aggregate of 9,665,087 shares were exercised during the reporting period.




66
                                                                                         Significant Events




2020 A SHARE OPTION AND RESTRICTED SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEME
In order to further establish and improve the long-term incentive mechanism of the Company, attract
and retain talented individuals, fully mobilise the enthusiasm of the directors, senior management, other
management personnel who has a direct impact on the Company’s operating performance and key core
technical (business) personnel of the Company, and effectively bond the interests of the shareholders, the
Company and individuals of core teams together, making all parties to attend to the long-term development
of the Company, on the premise of fully protecting the interests of the shareholders and on the principle
of income equivalent to contribution, the 2020 A share option and restricted share incentive scheme (the
“A Share Option and Restricted Share Incentive Scheme”) was formulated and passed at the 2020
second extraordinary general meeting and the 2020 first class meetings for holders of A and H shares
of the Company held on 13 November 2020. A total of 102,101,330 A share options and 102,101,330
restricted shares were granted to 2,872 participants on 4 December 2020 and the registration of the
same was completed on 11 December 2020. The participants under the A Share Option and Restricted
Share Incentive Scheme shall be the directors, senior management, other management personnel who
has a direct impact on the Company’s operating performance and key core technical (business) personnel
of the Company.


On 4 December 2020, the exercise price of A share options was RMB9.98 per share, and the grant
price of the restricted shares was RMB4.99 per share. The closing price of the Company’s A shares on
the day immediately preceding the grant period of the A Share Option and Restricted Share Incentive
Scheme was RMB13.29 per share.




                                                          Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   67
     Significant Events


     The arrangements of exercise period and each period of exercise time for the share options are as follows:

                                                                                                                  Proportion of
                                                                                                                    exercisable
     Exercise arrangement Exercise time                                                                           share options

     First exercise period  Commencing from the first trading day after expiry of the 24-month period from                 40%
                             the date of completion of registration of the share options and ending on the last
                             trading day of the 36-month period from the date of completion of registration of
                             the share options
     Second exercise period Commencing from the first trading day after expiry of the 36-month period from                 30%
                             the date of completion of registration of the share options and ending on the last
                             trading day of the 48-month period from the date of completion of registration of
                             the share options
     Third exercise period  Commencing from the first trading day after expiry of the 48-month period from                 30%
                             the date of completion of registration of the share options and ending on the last
                             trading day of the 60-month period from the date of completion of registration of
                             the share options


     The A Share Option and Restricted Share Incentive Scheme shall be effective from the date on which
     the share options have been granted and registered, and end on the date on which all the share options
     granted to the participants have been exercised or cancelled, which shall not exceed 60 months. The
     vesting period shall be 24 months, 36 months, 48 months from the date on which the share options have
     been granted and registered. As at the end of the reporting period, the number of securities issuable
     under the A Share Option and Restricted Share Incentive Scheme was 102,101,330 shares, representing
     approximately 0.99% of total issued shares of the Company as at 31 December 2020.


     The remaining life of the A Share Option and Restricted Share Incentive Scheme is approximately 5 years.
     The participants shall complete the exercise of the share options within the validity period. If the exercise
     conditions are not satisfied, the share options for the corresponding period shall not be exercised. If the
     exercise conditions are satisfied but not all of the relevant share options for that period have been exercised,
     such portion of the share options shall lapse automatically and shall be cancelled by the Company.




68
                                                                                          Significant Events




The unlocking periods and unlocking schedule for the restricted shares are as follows:

Unlocking                                                                                               Unlocking
arrangement           Unlocking time                                                                    proportion

First unlocking      Commencing from the first trading day after expiry of the 24-month                          40%
period                period from the date of completion of registration of the restricted
                      shares and ending on the last trading day of the 36-month period
                      from the date of completion of registration of the restricted shares
Second unlocking     Commencing from the first trading day after expiry of the 36-month                          30%
period                period from the date of completion of registration of the restricted
                      shares and ending on the last trading day of the 48-month period
                      from the date of completion of registration of the restricted shares
Third unlocking      Commencing from the first trading day after expiry of the 48-month                          30%
period                period from the date of completion of registration of the restricted
                      shares and ending on the last trading day of the 60-month period
                      from the date of completion of registration of the restricted shares


For restricted shares that unlocking has not been applied for or unlocking cannot be applied for due to
failure to meet the unlocking conditions during the abovementioned unlocking periods, the Company will
repurchase and cancel such restricted shares in accordance with the principles of the incentive scheme.


The shares obtained by the participants by way of grant of the restricted shares arising from capitalisation
issue, bonus issue and share subdivision shall be subject to locking in accordance with the incentive
scheme, and shall not be sold in the secondary market or otherwise transferred. The unlocking periods
of such shares are the same as that of the restricted shares. If the Company repurchases the restricted
shares that are yet to unlock, such shares shall be repurchased altogether.




                                                           Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   69
      Significant Events


     Relevant information regarding the abovementioned share option incentive schemes is set out in note 23
     to the consolidated financial statements. The calculation of the value of A share option is based on various
     assumptions of the parameters used in note 23 to the consolidated financial statements and there are
     limitations in the models adopted. Therefore, the calculated value of A share option may be subjective
     and subject to uncertainties.


     For details of A share options granted to directors and senior management, please refer to the paragraph
     titled “Share options granted to directors and senior management during the reporting period” under
     Chapter 6 – “Profiles of Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees” of this report. Details
     of A share options granted to other participants are set out in the following table:


                                                                                                                                    Currency: RMB

                                                                      Number of                                 Number of
                                                   Number of A      new A share        A share Shares issued       A share                    Number of
                                                  share options          options       options upon exercise       options                       A share
                                                     held at the         granted   exercisable     of A share    cancelled       Exercise options held
                                                    beginning of      during the    during the options during   during the        price of at the end of
                                                   the reporting       reporting     reporting the reporting     reporting        A share the reporting
     Name        Position                                 period          period        period         period       period options (Yuan)         period

     The Second Share Option Incentive Scheme
     /            Middle level and other core         503,456,910             0    334,506,066             0    334,506,066         19.37    168,950,844
                  businesses, technical and
                  management key personnel
                  (2,130 people in total)
     The Second Share Option Incentive Scheme reserved for grant
     /            Middle level and other core          62,336,900             0     20,778,813      9,665,087     8,653,640         10.10     44,018,173
                  businesses, technical and
                  management key personnel
                  (391 people in total)
     A Share Option and Restricted Share Incentive Scheme
     /            Middle level and other core                   0    99,861,330             0              0             0           9.98     99,861,330
                  businesses, technical and
                  management key personnel
                  (2,863 people in total)




70
                                                                                                      Significant Events




   Notes:

   1.       All participants must be employed by the Company pursuant to employment contracts during the appraisal
            period of the Second Share Option Incentive Scheme or the A Share Option and Restricted Share Incentive
            Scheme (as the case may be) and no participants are retired staff re-employed by the Company. The above
            participants do not include substantial shareholders or controllers of the Company who individually or jointly
            hold 5% or more of the shares, or their spouse, parents or children.

   2.       The aggregate number of share options to be granted to any of the above participants under all effective
            share option incentive schemes of the Company and held throughout the validity period does not exceed 1%
            of the total A share capital of the Company.

   3.       During the reporting period, corresponding adjustments were made to the exercise price of the initial grant
            and reserved share option of the Second Share Option Incentive Scheme in accordance with the Company’s
            profit distribution plan; as well as due to resignation, retirement, appraisal and unsatisfied performance of
            participants, a total of 350,551,698 options were cancelled (including partial cancellations). In addition, options
            in respect of an aggregate of 9,665,087 shares were exercised during the reporting period, and the number of
            options under the Second Share Option Incentive Scheme and the reserved options which were exercisable
            as at the end of the reporting period was 216,665,025.



XI. MATERIAL CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
   1.       Certain categories of related party transactions as disclosed in note 41 to the consolidated financial
            statements, including (i) sales of goods (sales of automotive parts and steels, sales of passenger
            vehicles and sales of production facility), (ii) rendering of labour and insurance services, (iii) purchases
            of goods (purchases of automotive parts and materials and purchases of passenger vehicles), (iv)
            rental received from related parties and (v) rental paid to related parties, include transactions which
            also constituted connected transactions under the Listing Rules. The Company confirms that it has
            complied with the disclosure requirements in accordance with Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.



   2.       TRANSACTIONS UNDER THE LISTING RULES
            (A)    Transactions in relation to principal joint ventures
                   At the time of listing of the Company, the Stock Exchange granted a conditional waiver from
                   strict compliance with the requirements of Chapters 14 and 14A of the Listing Rules in respect
                   of immaterial joint ventures. The Company is required to review whether the immaterial joint
                   ventures met the conditions in the waiver on a yearly basis. For the 2020 financial year, the
                   principal joint ventures of the Company were GAC Toyota, GAC Honda, GAC-SOFINCO,
                   GAC FCA and GAC Mitsubishi.




                                                                       Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   71
     Significant Events


       (B)   Continuing connected transactions
             For the year ended 31 December 2020, GAC Group and its associates (as defined in the
             Listing Rules) had entered into the following continuing connected transactions:


             1.   Provision of transport and logistics services in respect of vehicle products and vehicle
                  parts and components
                  For the year ended 31 December 2020, each of the JV Partner Group provided
                  transport and logistics services (the “JV Partner Logistics Services”) in respect of
                  vehicle products and vehicle parts and components to the Company, its subsidiaries
                  and the principal joint ventures (including GAC Toyota and GAC Honda) according to
                  the following pricing terms on a regular basis. The Company’s principal joint ventures
                  purchase raw materials and components from the relevant joint venture partners, as
                  well as selling some products to the relevant joint venture partners. The relevant joint
                  venture partners will provide transportation and logistics services to complete the entire
                  process. Such service will continue during the term of the joint ventures.


                  On 26 April 2019:


                  (i)    GAC Toyota Logistics Co., Ltd. (廣汽豐田物流有限公司) (“GAC Toyota Logistics”)
                         (as the service provider) of the JV Partner Group entered into an agreement
                         in writing (the “Framework Agreement of JV Partner”) with Guangzhou Guanqi
                         Commercial Logistics Co., Ltd. (廣州廣汽商貿物流有限公司) and Hunan Shun
                         Jie Logistics Co., Ltd. (湖南順捷物流有限公司) of the Group, so as to continue
                         with the JV Partner Logistics Services, with validity period from 1 January 2019
                         to 31 December 2021. Upon the expiration of the validity period, renewal is
                         subject to the mutual agreement of the parties of the agreement.


                  (ii)   GAC Toyota Logistics (as the service provider) of the JV Partner Group entered
                         into an agreement in writing (the “New Agreement of JV Partner”) with Guangzhou
                         Automobile Hunan NYK Logistics Co., Ltd. (湖南廣汽商貿日郵物流有限公司), so
                         as to proceed with the JV Partner Logistics Services, with validity period from 1
                         January 2019 to 31 December 2021. Upon the expiration of the validity period,
                         renewal is subject to the mutual agreement of the parties of the agreement.




72
                                                                       Significant Events




(iii)   Tong Fang Logistics (as the service provider) of the JV Partner Group entered
        into the Framework Agreement of JV Partner with GAC Toyota and GAC Toyota
        Automobile Sales Co., Ltd. (廣汽豐田汽車銷售有限公司) of the Group, so as
        to continue with the JV Partner Logistics Services, with validity period from 1
        January 2019 to 31 December 2021. Upon the expiration of the validity period,
        renewal is subject to the mutual agreement of the parties of the agreement.


(iv)    GAC Honda Logistics Co., Ltd. (廣汽本田物流有限公司) (as the service provider)
        of the JV Partner Group entered into the Framework Agreement of JV Partner
        with Guangzhou GAC Business Renewable Resources Co., Ltd. (廣州廣汽商貿
        再生資源有限公司) and GAC Honda of the Group, so as to proceed with the
        JV Partner Logistics Services, with validity period from 1 January 2019 to 31
        December 2021. Upon the expiration of the validity period, renewal is subject
        to the mutual agreement of the parties of the agreement.


Pursuant to the Framework Agreement of JV Partner and the New Agreement of JV
Partner, all service providers and all service recipients have agreed that, they shall
enter into individual agreement(s) in relation to the provision of the JV Partner Logistics
Services within the validity period of the Framework Agreement of JV Partner and the
New Agreement of JV Partner based on the terms, conditions and principles of the
Framework Agreement of JV Partner and the New Agreement of JV Partner.




                                        Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   73
     Significant Events


             The remunerations or service fees charged by all service providers to all service
             recipients for the JV Partner Logistics Services are determined according to the prices
             in the contract determined with reference to (i) the prevailing prices of the same or same
             type of services in the market provided by independent third parties; and (ii) the volume
             of the logistics services provided to all service recipients. The parties shall compare
             the prices for the provision of the same or same type of services by independent third
             parties in respect of the logistics services from time to time to ensure that the payment
             received by all service providers for the logistics services shall be the prevailing market
             price for the logistics services. To ensure that products or services are obtained at the
             most favorable price, the Group will consider the market price for at least two equivalent
             services to ensure that the price will remain a reasonable and competitive one prior to
             selecting the service providers for the logistics services, and to ensure that the amount
             of payment by the Group to the JV Partner Group will not exceed the amount paid to
             independent third parties. In addition, the Group will determine the relevant price by
             taking into account the profit margin that can be achieved by the Group to ensure that
             the price will be set at a level that the Group will be able to generate a profit margin
             that is within the industry standard or even better.


             In view of the above, the Framework Agreement of JV Partner and the New Agreement
             of JV Partner between the Group and joint venture partners were entered into on
             normal commercial terms that are fair and reasonable and are no less favourable to
             the Group than those provided by independent third parties to the Group in respect
             of the logistics services.


             For the year ended 31 December 2020, the total amount of the consideration paid by
             the Group for the JV Partner Logistics Services was RMB2,335,607,155.


             In relation to the transactions, the directors consider that the annual transaction amount
             of each transaction under the JV Partner Logistics Services should not be disclosed.
             The provision of transportation and logistics services is an important part of entering
             into cooperation arrangements with joint venture parties and their associates. They
             are a key part of the supply chain management and sales business of automobile
             production. Disclosing the annual transaction amount for each transaction under the
             JV Partner Logistics Services will disclose commercially sensitive information relating
             to the operation of the relevant joint ventures, which is not in the interest of the Group
             or the related joint ventures.




74
                                                                           Significant Events




     The Company has applied to the Stock Exchange for and was granted a waiver from
     compliance with the annual cap requirement relating to the above transactions for the
     duration of the terms of the respective transactions. The Company has also reached an
     agreement with the Stock Exchange that only disclosure of the annual aggregate dollar
     value of the transactions made each year would be made. However, the exemption
     expired before the Framework Agreement of JV Partner and the New Agreement of
     JV Partner were entered into.


     During the reporting period, the Company has applied for, and was granted by the
     Stock Exchange a revised waiver from strict compliance with the annual reporting and
     annual caps requirements under the Listing Rules in respect of such transactions to
     the extent that the Company is still required to set aggregate caps for the Framework
     Agreement of JV Partner and the New Agreement of JV Partner and disclose the total
     annual consideration of such transactions in the annual report.


     For details, the annual cap and the basis for determination of the Framework Agreement
     of JV Partner and the New Agreement of JV Partner, please refer to the Company’s
     announcement dated 26 April 2019.


2.   Sale of vehicle products, parts and components, production equipment and vehicles
     related products (including its after-sales services)
     (a)    For the year ended 31 December 2020, members of the Group sold raw materials,
           parts and components and vehicles to the JV Partner Group according to the
           following pricing terms on a regular basis. Such service will continue during the
           term of the joint ventures.


           The Group will take into account market prices of the relevant products and
           services offered by independent third parties in determining the price of the
           services to make sure that the price offered to the JV Partner Group are fair
           and reasonable and on normal commercial terms.


           The Company has reached an agreement with the Stock Exchange that the
           transactions above are exempted from written agreement and annual cap
           requirements as set out in the Listing Rules, and are only required to disclose the
           nature of relevant transactions made each year. This is because the disclosure of
           separate transactions between the contracting parties would constitute disclosure
           of commercially sensitive information relating to the operations of the relevant
           joint ventures and would not be in the interest of the Company or the relevant
           joint ventures.


                                            Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   75
     Significant Events


             (b)   For the year ended 31 December 2020, members of the JV Partner Group
                   provided the sale of raw materials, parts and components and production
                   equipment to the principal joint ventures according to the following pricing
                   terms on a regular basis. Such service will continue during the term of the joint
                   ventures.


                   In relation to this type of transactions, where there are other local suppliers,
                   members of the Group will obtain quotes for equivalent products or services that
                   may be available from other local PRC suppliers in order to determine whether
                   viable alternatives of comparable quality can be obtained in a timely manner and
                   at the most competitive price. If alternatives are available, the Group would go
                   through a tender process before selecting the supplier for such alternatives. In
                   such a tender process, JV Partner Group is treated no differently from any other
                   third-party supplier. Consequently, the purchase of auto parts by Group from the
                   JV Partner Group would not be made if the Group could obtain better terms from
                   any other suppliers. Over time, fewer vehicle products, parts and components
                   will be sourced from the JV Partner Group as cheaper viable alternatives are
                   found in the PRC. Such process of “localisation” is widely regarded as key means
                   of cost reduction in the PRC automotive industry and is also the priority of the
                   principal joint ventures.


                   As a business reality, given the additional transportation and tax costs of
                   purchasing vehicle products, parts and components and production equipment
                   from a foreign supplier, it is neither in the Company’s nor the joint venture
                   partners’ interest to purchase the vehicle products, parts and components and
                   production equipment from the foreign joint venture partners if viable alternatives
                   are available from local suppliers on more favourable terms.




76
                                                                 Significant Events




In determining the price for the products and/or service, the Company will also
consider the market price for equivalent products or services in order to make
sure that the price will remain a reasonable and competitive one. However, unlike
normal consumer products, some of the vehicle products, parts and components
provided by the JV Partner Group are specific to the car models produced by
the principal joint ventures and there is no alternative but to source the vehicle
products, parts and components from the JV Partner Group for the duration of
the relevant principal joint ventures and market prices for these vehicle parts
are not readily available. The Company’s representatives will rely heavily on their
knowledge of the industry standards and their prior experience gained from
similar negotiations in determining the price. In order to ensure that the price
is fair and reasonable, the Group will also obtain quotes for similar products or
services, though not specific to the car models produced by the principal joint
ventures, as reference.


The Group will also determine the price by taking into account the profit margin
that could be achieved by the Group to ensure that the price will be set at a
level that the Group will still be able to generate a profit margin that is within the
industry standard or even better taking into account the international and PRC
benchmark raw materials costs.


The Company has reached an agreement with the Stock Exchange that
the transactions above are exempt from written agreement and annual cap
requirements as set out in the Listing Rules, and is only required to disclose the
nature of relevant transactions made each year. This is because the disclosure
of separate transactions between contracting parties would constitute disclosure
of commercially sensitive information relating to the operations of the relevant
joint ventures and would not be in the interest of the Company or the relevant
joint ventures.




                                  Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   77
     Significant Events


          3.   Provision of technical support, research and development support and information
               enquiry (including production preparation support, local support, advisory services,
               and provisions of software)
               For the year ended 31 December 2020, the JV Partner Group provided technical support,
               research and development support and information enquiry (including production
               preparation support, local support, advisory services, and provisions of software) to
               the Group according to the following pricing terms on a regular basis. The Company’s
               joint venture partners are the proprietors of the technology involved in the production
               of vehicle models manufactured by the principal joint ventures and they are primarily
               responsible for the research and development of all new models. The provision of
               technical support by the joint venture partners is to ensure that the latest technology
               is applied in the manufacturing process of the principal joint ventures and to ensure
               that the products remain competitive in the market. Such service will continue during
               the term of the joint ventures.


               Generally, the pricing for technology license and technical assistance between the
               principal joint ventures and the joint venture partners and their associates is that
               the party providing the technology should be fairly reimbursed for its research and
               development costs incurred in respect of a particular vehicle model and such research
               and development costs should be spread evenly over the entire operations of the party
               providing the technology and the PRC automotive joint venture should only bear its
               fair share of such costs.


               In accordance with normal industry practice, the terms (including the price) of the
               technology licenses and transactions relating to technical support are fixed with
               reference to the expected life cycle of vehicle models, which are generally between 5
               and 10 years, and also with reference to the industry benchmark for similar technological
               assistance. The Company’s representatives will also rely heavily on their knowledge
               of the industry standards and their prior experience gained from similar negotiations
               in order to determine the price and to make sure that the price remains a reasonable
               and competitive one. Also the Group (including the principal joint ventures) will also
               determine the price by taking into account the profit margin that could be achieved
               by the Group and to ensure that the price will be set at a level that the Group will still
               be able to generate a profit margin that is within the industry standard or even better.




78
                                                                            Significant Events




     The Company has reached an agreement with the Stock Exchange that the transactions
     above are exempt from written agreement and annual cap requirements as set out in
     the Listing Rules, and are only required to disclose the nature of relevant transactions
     made each year. This is because the disclosure of separate transaction value between
     contracting parties would constitute disclosure of commercially sensitive information
     relating to the operations of the relevant joint ventures and would not be in the interest
     of the Company or the relevant joint ventures.


4.   Provision of the right to use intellectual property (in relation to production and sales of
     vehicles)
     For the year ended 31 December 2020, the joint venture partners of the principal
     joint ventures provided the use of intellectual property rights (in relation to production
     and sales of vehicles) to the principal joint ventures according to the following pricing
     terms on a regular basis. The right to use intellectual property is key to the long-term
     profitability and competitiveness of the principal joint ventures and their products.
     The Group entered into several technology license agreements and trademark license
     agreements with the Company’s joint venture partners during the track record period
     in the past. Such agreements will continue during the term of the joint ventures.


     The joint venture partners and its associates are primarily responsible for the research
     and development of the new vehicle models and it is therefore essential for the
     principal joint ventures to enter into technology license with its joint venture partners.
     The relevant intellectual property rights that are specific to the car models produced
     by the relevant principal joint ventures and are thus fundamental to the production of
     the Group. Without them, the businesses of the principal joint ventures could not have
     been established and cannot operate. The Group therefore has no alternative but to
     source the intellectual property rights from the joint venture partners for the duration
     of the principal joint ventures. It is therefore standard practice in the PRC automotive
     industry for Sino-foreign automotive manufacturing joint ventures to provide royalties to
     the proprietor of the relevant technology licence, technological know-how or intellectual
     property right, which is very often, the joint venture partners.




                                             Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   79
     Significant Events


             The purpose of sino-foreign automotive manufacturing joint ventures is that the PRC
             manufacturer will be able to benefit from the technological expertise and product
             portfolio of its foreign joint venture partner, whilst the foreign partner is able to participate
             in the domestic PRC market. The joint venture relationship is therefore founded on the
             foreign joint venture partner contributing its technological expertise to the joint ventures
             and the PRC partner contributing its manufacturing capabilities and facilities, labour
             and local market and regulatory knowledge.


             A key reason for the PRC Government’s encouragement of sino-foreign automotive
             manufacturing joint ventures is to rapidly enhance technological and product standards
             in the PRC automotive industry.


             Generally, the pricing principle for technology license and technical assistance between
             the principal joint ventures and the joint venture partners and their associates is that
             the party providing the technology should be fairly reimbursed for its research and
             development costs incurred in respect of a particular vehicle model and such research
             and development costs should be spread evenly over the entire operations of the party
             providing the technology and the PRC automotive joint venture should only bear its
             fair share of such costs.


             In accordance with normal industry practice, the terms (including the price) of the
             technology licences and transactions relating to technical support are fixed with
             reference to the expected life cycle of vehicle models, which are generally between 5
             and 10 years, and also with reference to the industry benchmark for similar technological
             assistance. The Company’s representatives will also rely heavily on their knowledge
             of the industry standards and their prior experience gained from similar negotiations
             in order to determine the price and to make sure that the price remains a reasonable
             and competitive one. Also the Group (including the principal joint ventures) will also
             determine the price taking into account of the profit margin that could be achieved
             by the Group and to ensure that the price will be set at a level that the Group will still
             be able to generate a profit margin that is within the industry standard or even better.




80
                                                                                    Significant Events




            The Company also believes that the primary purpose of international automotive
            manufacturers in establishing joint ventures with the Company is the establishment of
            a strong presence in the PRC automotive industry, the gaining of market share for their
            brand of vehicles and long term investment returns from the principal joint ventures,
            rather than any short term gains from intellectual property rights on terms which may
            be prejudicial to the principal joint ventures’ long term profitability and competitiveness.
            Such short-term gains would be eclipsed by the potential losses to the joint venture
            partners if the principal joint ventures were to prove unsuccessful.


            The Company has reached an agreement with the Stock Exchange that the transactions
            above are exempt from written agreement and annual cap requirements set out in
            the Listing Rules, and are only required to disclose the nature of relevant transactions
            made each year. This is because the disclosure of separate transactions between
            contracting parties would constitute disclosure of commercially sensitive information
            relating to the operations of the relevant joint ventures and would not be in the interest
            of the Company or the relevant joint ventures.


(C)   Control Mechanism
      In relation to the connected transactions between the Company and its subsidiaries on one
      hand and the joint venture partners and their associates on the other hand as described
      above, negotiations will be conducted by the Company and/or the relevant subsidiary directly
      on an arm’s length basis and the Company is able to control the negotiations between the
      subsidiaries and the joint venture partners and/or their associates. The joint venture partners
      and/or their associates will not be in a position to influence the Company and/or its subsidiaries
      to agree to terms which may not be in its and the Company’s interest.




                                                     Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   81
     Significant Events


          In relation to the connected transactions between the principal joint ventures on the one
          hand and the joint venture partners and their associates on the other hand as described in
          paragraphs 2 to 4 above, it is provided under the respective joint venture agreements, articles
          of association and memoranda of the principal joint ventures that negotiations between the
          principal joint ventures and the joint venture partner and its associates should always be
          conducted directly by the relevant principal joint ventures’ senior management nominated
          by the Company on behalf of the Company or by representative of the Company as a joint
          venture partner and will thus be conducted on an arm’s length basis. No joint venture partners
          or their associates is in a position to influence the principal joint ventures to agree to terms
          which may not be in the principal joint ventures’ and therefore the Company’s interest. The
          Company also confirms that negotiations of transactions between the principal joint ventures
          and the relevant joint venture partners were all conducted by the relevant principal joint
          ventures’ senior management nominated by the Company.


          Also, the principal joint ventures have implemented internal control and reporting mechanisms
          which enable business developments and transactions that may be subject to applicable
          continuing obligations under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules to be reported to their respective
          boards and/or designated persons enabling both the Company and its relevant joint venture
          partners, through representatives on the board of the relevant principal joint ventures and/or
          designated persons to decide whether to consent to and approve the relevant transactions.


          Further, there are also established procedures under the respective joint venture agreements,
          articles of association and memorandum of the principal joint ventures that the entering into
          of any contract of material importance/material transaction with a joint venture partner and
          its associates shall either be approved by a majority of the directors present at the board
          meeting or be mutually agreed/signed off by the general manager and the deputy general
          manager of the relevant principal joint ventures (as the case may be). It is provided under the
          respective joint venture agreements, articles of association and memoranda of the principal
          joint ventures that the Group and the joint venture partner will be entitled to nominate the
          general manager and deputy general manager respectively in turn and when the general
          manager is nominated by the Group, the deputy general manager will be nominated by the
          joint venture partner and vice versa.




82
                                                                                  Significant Events




(D)   Confirmation by the Independent Non-executive Directors
      The independent non-executive directors of the Company confirm that for the year ended 31
      December 2020, the above continuing connected transactions entered into by the Company
      as one of the parties are:


      (1)   in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Company;


      (2)   on normal commercial terms or, if there are not sufficient comparable transactions to
            judge whether they are on normal commercial terms, or on terms no less favourable
            to the Company than terms available to or from (as appropriate) independent third
            parties; and


      (3)   in accordance with the relevant agreement governing them on terms that are fair and
            reasonable and in the interests of the shareholders as a whole.


(E)   Auditor’s Letter
      The Company’s auditor was engaged to report on the Group’s continuing connected
      transactions in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000
      (Revised) “Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial
      Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740 “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected
      Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified
      Public Accountants. The auditor has issued his unqualified letter containing his findings and
      conclusions in respect of the aforesaid continuing connected transactions in accordance with
      Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules. Auditor of the Company confirmed in such letter that for the
      year ended 31 December 2020, in respect of the above continuing connected transaction
      to which the Company is one of the parties:


      (1)   nothing has come to their attention that those transactions have not been approved
            by the Board;


      (2)   nothing has come to their attention that those transactions did not follow the pricing
            policy of the Company in all material respects if the transactions involved provision of
            goods or services by the Company;




                                                   Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   83
        Significant Events


                   (3)   nothing has come to their attention that those transactions were not carried out in
                         accordance with the agreements of such transactions in all material aspects; and


                   (4)   the annual caps (in respect of the Framework Agreement of JV Partner and the New
                         Agreement of JV Partner) have not been exceeded.


                   A copy of the auditor’s letter has been provided by the Company to the Stock Exchange.



     XII. MATERIAL CONTRACTS AND THEIR PERFORMANCE

        (I)   TRUSTS, CONTRACTS AND LEASE ARRANGEMENTS
              1.   Trusts
                   □ Applicable ✓ N/A


              2.   Contracts
                   □ Applicable ✓ N/A


              3.   Lease arrangements
                   □ Applicable ✓ N/A




84
                                                                                                                                                              Significant Events




(II)   GUARANTEE
                                                                                                                                                    Unit: Yuan               Currency: RMB

                                                                     External Guarantee of the Company (excluding those provided to subsidiaries)

       Total guarantee incurred during the reporting period (excluding those provided to subsidiaries)                                                                                                  0
       Total balance of guarantee as at the end of the reporting period (A) (excluding those provided to subsidiaries                                                                                   0


                                                                    Guarantee provided to subsidiaries by the Company and its subsidiaries

       Total guarantee provided to subsidiaries of the Company during the reporting period                                                                                                   691,000,000
       Total balance of guarantee provided to subsidiaries of the Company as at the end of the reporting period (B)                                                                          240,000,000


                                                                   Total guarantee of the Company (including those provided to subsidiaries)

       Total guarantee (A+B)                                                                                                                                                                 240,000,000
       Proportion of total guarantee in the net assets of the Company (%)                                                                                                                            0.28
       Description on unexpired guarantees that may by subject to joint liability                                                                                                                     N/A
                                                                                                                                            Guarantee provided to subsidiaries during the reporting period
                                                                                                                                             mainly represented the guarantee for customs duty issued by
       Description of guarantee                                                                                                                                                   GAC Finance to GAMC




                                                                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020                                     85
     Significant Events


     (III) ENTRUSTED CASH ASSETS MANAGEMENT
        1.   Entrusted wealth management
             □ Applicable ✓ N/A


        2.   Entrusted loans
             As at 31 December 2020, the undue entrusted loans amounted to RMB840.54 million, details
             of which are shown in the table below.


                                                                                                           Unit: 0'000 Yuan             Currency: RMB

                                                                                                    Termination                                Amount of
                                                                                    Commencement date of                                     provision for
                                                                         Amount of date of          entrusted       Annualised Actual       impairment (if
             Name of the borrower                                    entrusted loan entrusted loans loans         rate of return recovery            any)

             GAC Toyota Logistics Co., Ltd. (廣汽豐田物流有限公司)                     7,000 2019-04-10       2020-04-10           2.25% Repaid
             GAC Toyota Logistics Co., Ltd. (廣汽豐田物流有限公司)                     7,000 2020-04-23       2021-04-23           2.25% Undue
             GAC FCA                                                        25,000 2020-03-27       2020-12-23           3.85% Repaid
             GAC FCA                                                        25,000 2020-06-19       2020-12-23           3.85% Repaid
             GAC FCA                                                        50,000 2020-12-24       2021-12-24           3.85% Undue
             GAC Nio                                                        246.12 2020-12-24       2021-12-23           3.85% Undue
             GAC Nio                                                        583.27 2020-12-29       2021-12-23           3.85% Undue
             Hangzhou HAVECO Automobile Transmission                         8,500 2019-04-12       2021-04-09           4.35% Undue
                Technology Co., Ltd. (杭州依維柯汽車傳動技術有限
                公司)
             Hangzhou HAVECO Automobile Transmission                         7,500 2019-10-25       2021-04-09           4.35% Undue
                Technology Co., Ltd. (杭州依維柯汽車傳動技術有限
                公司)
             Hangzhou HAVECO Automobile Transmission                         8,000 2019-11-15       2021-11-14           4.35% Undue
                Technology Co., Ltd. (杭州依維柯汽車傳動技術有限
                公司)
             Harbin Boshi Xinda Automobile Sales Service Co., Ltd.           2,225 2016-10-20       2021-3-15            6.18% Undue                   11
                (哈爾濱博實信達汽車銷售服務有限公司)


             As at the end of the reporting period, the entrusted loans provided to the associates and joint
             ventures by the Company amounted to approximately RMB818 million, mainly for providing
             liquidity to the invested entities on the basis of shareholding percentage.




86
                                                                                            Significant Events




   (IV) OTHER MATERIAL CONTRACTS
         □ Applicable   ✓ N/A



XIII. FULFILLMENT OF SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY

   (I)   POVERTY ALLEVIATION OF THE COMPANY
         1.   Planning on targeted poverty alleviation
              According to the unified arrangement, during 2016 to 2020, the Group conducted targeted
              poverty alleviation in Lianyi Village, Baishi Village and Silian Village in Jiubei Town, Lianzhou
              City, Qingyuan. Adhered to the alleviation concept of “Genuine Poverty Alleviation, Alleviation
              of Genuine Poverty and Satisfying the Public” and strove to conduct elimination with specific
              plans on households and responsible persons, increase the income of poverty-stricken people
              and changes to the adverse conditions of poverty-stricken areas were focused so as to
              ensure that the said villages would achieve the target of “two no worries, three guarantees
              and one equivalent” by the end of 2020, continuously strengthen the endogenous impetus for
              poverty alleviation and prosperity and complete the task of poverty alleviation of high quality.


         2.   Summary of targeted poverty alleviation during the year
              The Group conducted targeted poverty alleviation in poverty-stricken villages for 229 poverty-
              stricken households with a total of 581 poverty-stricken people. After nearly five years of
              alleviation, the income of poverty-stricken households at the said villages increased steadily,
              rural livelihood was significantly improved, and a completely new village outlook was acquired.
              As at the end of the reporting period, the Group invested more than RMB60 million in total in
              those poverty-stricken villages and 229 poverty-stricken households have overcome poverty
              with disposable income per capita of over RMB20,000. The village collective income reached
              RMB300,000.




                                                             Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   87
     Significant Events


          Firstly, adhered to the direction by Party building. The Group attached great importance to the
          work related to poverty alleviation and established a leading group for poverty alleviation. The
          major leaders of the Group had led teams for 27 times successively to carry out investigation
          and survey in those poverty-stricken villages, and convened 24 special meetings to research
          and analyse risk points and to deploy and promote poverty alleviation work. The grass-roots
          Party organisations of various investment enterprises arranged their Party members to carry
          out targeted poverty alleviation and assistance work in Lianzhou for 101 times during the
          new period., and nearly 1,712 Party members participated in the work.


          Secondly, upheld accountability. The Group implemented the “1+1+1+2” model in poverty
          alleviation, that is to designate one responsible leader for the village, one responsible
          department at the headquarters, one responsible enterprise and two supporting enterprises
          for each poverty-stricken villages, and to guarantee that funds of no less than RMB3.5
          million would be invested in each village every year, so as to consolidate the foundation for
          poverty alleviation and elimination. The responsible enterprises set up specialised working
          group to investigate, establish archives and filings for each household to achieve targeted
          poverty alleviation.


          Thirdly, adhered to the implementation of targeted policies. Fundamentally eliminated poverty
          through industrial development. The Group invested RMB520,000 to build a smart agricultural
          base in Lianyi Village which achieved integrated water and fertilizer automatic irrigation
          and remote monitoring, increased the land lease income of local villagers by RMB95,000,
          increased labour income by RMB425,000 for villagers and poverty-stricken households,
          increased investment income by RMB192,000 for 187 poverty-stricken households, and
          increased village collective income by RMB450,000. Poverty alleviation through consumption
          resulted in steadily increased income. According to the local conditions of Lianzhou City to
          which pairing assistance was provided, the Group established Qilian Agricultural Products
          Co., Ltd. (祺連農產品有限公司) to create a poverty alleviation industrial chain of “company
          + base + rural households”, by which the company introduced poverty alleviation funds of
          a total of RMB6 million, and realised sales income of RMB19.61 million and profits before
          tax of RMB2.77 million in 2020. Profits of RMB1.4 million were distributed to poverty-
          stricken villages cumulatively. Increased labour income of poverty-stricken households by
          RMB900,000, and profits of RMB495,000 were distributed to poverty-stricken households.
          Poverty alleviation through education prevented the intergenerational transmission of poverty.
          Vigorously developed rural education, created balanced educational conditions, and built a
          one-line caring system of kindergartens – primary and secondary schools – universities, so that
          students in poverty could receive education and afford the costs at all stages of education.




88
                                                                                  Significant Events




3.   Results of targeted poverty alleviation
                                                                   Unit: 0’000 Yuan         Currency: RMB

                                                                                           Amount and
     Indicator                                                                          implementation

     I.  General conditions
         Among which, 1. Funds                                                                         1,348
     					2. Amount of materials                                                                        59.3
     					3. Number of people under assistance                                                          581
                                 with archives established who
                                 overcame poverty (person)
     II. Input breakdown
         1. Poverty alleviation through industrial development
     		Among which, 1.1               Type of projects for poverty         Poverty alleviation through
                                         alleviation                          agriculture and forestry
                                                                                    Poverty alleviation
                                                                                 through e-commerce
                                                                                    Poverty alleviation
                                                                               through assets income

     						 1.2                       Number of projects for poverty                                          7
                                        alleviation (unit)
     						 1.3                       Amount of input in projects for                                110.32
                                         poverty alleviation
     						 1.4                       Number of people under                                             504
                                        assistance with archives
                                        established who overcame
                                        poverty (person)




                                                   Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020       89
     Significant Events


                                                                             Amount and
          Indicator                                                       implementation

           2. Poverty alleviation through transferring employment
          		Among which, 2.1           Amount of input in trainings on               0
                                           vocational skills
          						 2.2                   Number of people who                        185
                                          attended trainings on
                                          vocational skills (person/
                                          time)
          						 2.3                   Number of poverty-stricken                   19
                                          people with archives
                                          established who achieved
                                          employment (person)
           3. Poverty alleviation through relocation
          		Among which, 3.1           Number of people who                          0
                                          achieved employment after
                                          relocation (person)
           4. Poverty alleviation through education
          		Among which, 4.1           Amount of input in subsidising              6.19
                                           poverty-stricken students
          						 4.2                   Number of poverty-stricken                   25
                                          students subsidised (person)
          						 4.3                   Amount of input made in                      10
                                           improving education
                                           resources in poverty-
                                           stricken regions
           5. Poverty alleviation through better health
          		Among which, 5.1           Amount of input made in                    22.85
                                           medical and hygiene
                                           resources in poverty-
                                           stricken regions
           6. Poverty alleviation through ecological protection




90
                                                                            Significant Events




                                                                                     Amount and
Indicator                                                                         implementation

 7. Guaranteed basic living standard for people unable to
      work
		Among which, 7.1            Input in assisting left-behind                                        6.7
                                 children, women and senior
                                 people
						 7.2                    Number of left-behind children,                                           74
                                  women and senior people
                                  assisted (person)
						 7.3                    Input in assisting poor people                                      11.5
                                with physical disabilities
						 7.4                    Number of poor people with                                           135
                                  disabilities assisted (person)
 8. Social poverty alleviation
		Among which, 8.1            Input in poverty alleviation                                         645
                                programs cooperation of the
                                East and West
						 8.2                    Input in targeted poverty                                                  0
                                alleviation programs
						 8.3                    Charity funds for poverty                                                  0
                                  alleviation
 9. Other projects
		Among which, 9.1            Number of projects (project)                                          34
						 9.2                    Amount of input                                                    311.4
						 9.3                    Number of people under                                              574
                                  assistance with archives
                                  established who overcame
                                  poverty (person)
						 9.4                    Explanation for other projects                      Assist villages in
                                                                            construction of village
                                                                             road, flood drainage
                                                                           channel, culture room,
                                                                           safety education base,
                                                                                culture stage, etc.
III. Awards received (content and level)
     2020 Enterprise with Special Contribution to a
       Comprehensively and Moderately Prosperous China
       Award




                                             Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020        91
     Significant Events


            4.    Subsequent targeted poverty alleviation plans
                  Facing 2021, the Group will resolutely sustain the achievements of poverty alleviation, and
                  consolidate and extend the achievements of poverty alleviation to effectively connect with
                  rural revitalisation. Strictly implement the requirements of “shaking off no responsibilities,
                  policies, assistance and regulations” even when poverty has been shaken off, to maintain the
                  overall stability of the existing assistance policies, financial support and assistance forces;
                  improve the monitoring and assistance mechanism for preventing return to poverty, continue
                  to monitor the villages and people that had shaken off poverty, and continuously trace the
                  changes in income and the consolidation of “two no worries, three guarantees”, regularly
                  check, discover in time, and provide timely assistance, to achieve dynamic clearing; continue
                  to promote poverty alleviation through industrial development to make up for shortcomings
                  in technology, facilities, marketing, etc. and promote industrial upgrading; carefully organise
                  files for poverty alleviation in accordance with the requirements of relevant documents to
                  ensure that the files are complete and no work is left undone.



     (II)   FULFILLMENT OF SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
            For details about the fulfillment of social responsibilities by the Group, please refer to the full text
            of the “2020 Social Responsibilities Report” disclosed on the websites of the Stock Exchange (in
            form of overseas regulatory announcement) and SSE on 25 March 2021.



     (III) ENVIRONMENTAL INFORMATION
            Every enterprise within the Group strictly abided by environmental protection laws and regulations
            and strictly implemented every environmental emission standard in their daily operations and project
            construction. The Group continuously deepened energy conservation and environmental protection
            management, continuously implemented various energy conservation and environmental protection
            measures in various fields such as green factories, green procurement, green sales, and green
            products, and made full use of the longer-term foundation of the automobile industry chain to work
            with suppliers to actively implement energy conservation and emission reduction together with the
            concept of environmental protection and build a green, low-carbon and environmentally-friendly
            environment.


            For details about the policies and measures on the environmental protection of the Group, please
            refer to the full text of the “2020 Social Responsibilities Report” disclosed on the websites of the
            Stock Exchange (in form of overseas regulatory announcement) and SSE on 25 March 2021.




92
                                                                                                 Significant Events




XIV. INFORMATION ON CONVERTIBLE CORPORATE BONDS

   (I)    ISSUANCE OF CONVERTIBLE BONDS
          On 22 January 2016, the Company completed the issue of A share convertible bonds amounting
          to RMB4,105.58 million. The conversion period started on 22 July 2016.



   (II)   HOLDERS AND GUARANTORS OF CONVERTIBLE BONDS DURING THE
          REPORTING PERIOD
          Number of convertible bonds holders at the end of the period                                                 2,779
          Guarantors of convertible bonds of the Company                                                                  Nil


          Conditions of top ten convertible bonds holders are as follows:


                                                                                             Amount of
                                                                                            bonds held
                                                                                             at the end            Holding
                                                                                          of the period         proportion
          Name of convertible bonds holders                                                       (RMB)                (%)


          Specific accounts for bonds repurchase and pledge under the Registration
            and Settlement System (Industrial and Commercial Bank of China)                 217,371,000                  8.53
          Specific accounts for bonds repurchase and pledge under the Registration
            and Settlement System (Bank of China)                                           164,743,000                  6.46
          Specific accounts for bonds repurchase and pledge under the Registration
            and Settlement System (China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.)                          118,971,000                  4.67
          Specific accounts for bonds repurchase and pledge under the Registration
            and Settlement System (China Construction Bank)                                 109,101,000                  4.28
          Qilu Assets Management – ICBC – China Capital Management Co., Ltd.                 81,606,000                  3.20
          China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. – Hongde Zhiyuan Mixed Bond Securities
            Investment Fund                                                                  75,803,000                  2.97
          Specific accounts for bonds repurchase and pledge under the Registration
            and Settlement System (Agricultural Bank of China)                               70,187,000                  2.75
          Specific accounts for bonds repurchase and pledge under the Registration
            and Settlement System (Shanghai Pudong Development Bank)                         60,532,000                  2.37
          Huaxia Life Insurance Co., Ltd. – Self-owned Fund                                  51,185,000                  2.01
          Specific accounts for bonds repurchase and pledge under the Registration
            and Settlement System (China Minsheng Banking Corp., Ltd.)                       45,507,000                  1.79


                                                                  Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020     93
     Significant Events


     (III) CONVERSION OF CONVERTIBLE BONDS DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
                                                                                   Unit: Yuan      Currency: RMB

        Name of convertible              Before the      Increase and decrease in the change            After the
        corporate bonds                     change     Conversion     Redemption      Repurchase         change


        2016 convertible corporate
          bonds of Guangzhou
          Automobile Group Co., Ltd.   2,552,276,000    3,178,000              –           3,000    2,549,095,000




     (IV) AGGREGATED CONVERSION OF CONVERTIBLE BONDS DURING THE
          REPORTING PERIOD
        Amount of shares converted during the reporting period
         (RMB)                                                                                        3,178,000
        Number of shares converted during the reporting period (A
         share)                                                                                         222,859
        Aggregated number of shares converted (A share)                                              72,076,682
        Aggregated number of shares converted to the total
         number of issued shares of the Company before
         conversion (%)                                                                                  1.12
        Amount of unconverted bonds (RMB)                                                       2,549,095,000
        Number of unconverted bonds to the total number of
         convertible bonds issued (%)                                                                     62.09




94
                                                                                        Significant Events




(V)   PREVIOUS ADJUSTMENTS TO CONVERSION PRICE
      Date of            Adjusted                                                   Information about
      adjustment of    conversion   Date of                                         adjustment to conversion
      conversion price      price   disclosure    Disclosure media                  price

      14 September 2017 RMB21.43    6 September   Websites of SSE and Stock     Based on the profit distribution
                                    2017           Exchange, China Securities     plan of RMB1 (tax inclusive)
                                                   Journal, Shanghai Securities   for every 10 shares for the
                                                   News, Securities Times,        interim period of 2017,
                                                   Securities Daily               the conversion price was
                                                                                  adjusted from RMB21.53 per
                                                                                  A share to RMB21.43 per A
                                                                                  share accordingly.
      21 November 2017   RMB21.27   20 November   Websites of SSE and Stock     Due to the non-public issue
                                    2017           Exchange, China Securities     of 753,390,254 A shares,
                                                   Journal, Shanghai Securities   the conversion price was
                                                   News, Securities Times,        adjusted from RMB21.43 per
                                                   Securities Daily               A share to RMB21.27 per A
                                                                                  share accordingly.
      21 December 2017   RMB21.24   20 December   Websites of SSE and Stock     As the first exercise period
                                    2017           Exchange, China Securities     of the first A share option
                                                   Journal, Shanghai Securities   incentive scheme of the
                                                   News, Securities Times,        Company began during
                                                   Securities Daily               the reporting period, the
                                                                                  conversion price was
                                                                                  adjusted accordingly based
                                                                                  on the number of shares
                                                                                  increased as a result of the
                                                                                  exercise of share options.
      12 June 2018       RMB14.86   5 June 2018   Websites of SSE and Stock     Due to the profit distribution for
                                                   Exchange, China Securities     the year of 2017, pursuant
                                                   Journal, Shanghai Securities   to which cash dividend of
                                                   News, Securities Times,        RMB4.3 per 10 shares (tax
                                                   Securities Daily               inclusive) was distributed and
                                                                                  at the same time 4 shares
                                                                                  were issued for every 10
                                                                                  shares to all shareholders by
                                                                                  way of conversion of capital
                                                                                  reserve, the conversion price
                                                                                  was adjusted accordingly.




                                                         Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   95
     Significant Events


       Date of            Adjusted                                                  Information about
       adjustment of    conversion   Date of                                        adjustment to conversion
       conversion price      price   disclosure     Disclosure media                price

       17 September 2018 RMB14.76    6 September    Websites of SSE and Stock     Based on the profit distribution
                                     2018            Exchange, China Securities     plan of RMB1 (tax inclusive)
                                                     Journal, Shanghai Securities   for every 10 shares for the
                                                     News, Securities Times,        interim period of 2018,
                                                     Securities Daily               the conversion price was
                                                                                    adjusted from RMB14.86 per
                                                                                    A share to RMB14.76 per A
                                                                                    share accordingly.
       7 November 2018   RMB14.74    5 November     Websites of SSE and Stock     Due to exercise of A share
                                     2018            Exchange, China Securities     options under the share
                                                     Journal, Shanghai Securities   option incentive scheme
                                                     News, Securities Times,        of the Company during
                                                     Securities Daily               the reporting period, the
                                                                                    conversion price was
                                                                                    adjusted accordingly based
                                                                                    on the number of shares
                                                                                    increased as a result of the
                                                                                    exercise of share options.
       25 June 2019      RMB14.46    17 June 2019   Websites of SSE and Stock     Due to the profit distribution for
                                                     Exchange, China Securities     the year of 2018, pursuant
                                                     Journal, Shanghai Securities   to which cash dividend of
                                                     News, Securities Times,        RMB2.8 per 10 shares (tax
                                                     Securities Daily               inclusive) was distributed,
                                                                                    the conversion price was
                                                                                    adjusted accordingly.
       24 September 2019 RMB14.41    17 September   Websites of SSE and Stock     Based on the profit distribution
                                     2019            Exchange, China Securities     plan of RMB0.5 (tax inclusive)
                                                     Journal, Shanghai Securities   for every 10 shares for the
                                                     News, Securities Times,        interim period of 2019,
                                                     Securities Daily               the conversion price was
                                                                                    adjusted from RMB14.46 per
                                                                                    A share to RMB14.41 per A
                                                                                    share accordingly.




96
                                                                                        Significant Events




   Date of            Adjusted                                                      Information about
   adjustment of    conversion     Date of                                          adjustment to conversion
   conversion price      price     disclosure     Disclosure media                  price

   22 June 2020         RMB14.26   15 June 2020   Websites of SSE and the Stock Based on the final profit
                                                   Exchange, China Securities     distribution plan of 2019
                                                   Journal, Shanghai Securities   of RMB1.5 (tax inclusive)
                                                   News, Securities Times,        for every 10 shares, the
                                                   Securities Daily               conversion price was
                                                                                  adjusted from RMB14.41 per
                                                                                  A share to RMB14.26 per A
                                                                                  share accordingly.
   22 September 2020 RMB14.23      11 September   Websites of SSE and the Stock Based on the profit distribution
                                   2020            Exchange, China Securities     plan of RMB0.3 (tax inclusive)
                                                   Journal, Shanghai Securities   for every 10 shares for the
                                                   News, Securities Times,        interim period of 2020,
                                                   Securities Daily               the conversion price was
                                                                                  adjusted from RMB14.26 per
                                                                                  A share to RMB14.23 per A
                                                                                  share accordingly.

   Latest conversion                                                                RMB14.23
     price as at
     the end of the
     reporting period


(VI) INFORMATION ON THE COMPANY’S LIABILITY AND CREDIT CHANGES AS
     WELL AS THE CASH ARRANGEMENT FOR THE FUTURE ANNUAL DEBT
     REPAYMENT
   As at 31 December 2020, the total asset was RMB142,806,662,917 and the asset-liability ratio was
   39.32%. During the reporting period, the credit rating of the Company was AAA without changes.
   The Company’s main sources of cash for debt repayment in the future are operating cash flow and
   external investment income of the Company.



(VII) OTHER INFORMATION OF CONVERTIBLE BONDS
   □Applicable ✓ N/A




                                                         Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   97
        Significant Events


     XV. UTILISATION OF PROCEEDS FROM NON-PUBLIC ISSUANCE OF A
         SHARES
        Proceeds from non-public issuance of A shares will facilitate the comprehensive and sustainable development
        of the Company’s business. The implementation of the investment projects using the proceeds from the
        non-public issuance will, on one hand, further strengthen the research and development capability of
        the Company’s self-developed brands, promote the establishment of its range of self-developed brands
        and enrich the product mix under such brands, while on the other hand, enable the Company to keep
        abreast of future trend in new energy development of the vehicle industry, laying a solid foundation for the
        Company to seize a share in the new energy vehicle market. In addition, the proceeds from the non-public
        issuance will optimise the Company’s capital structure and lower the gearing ratio, which will reduce the
        Company’s financial risk and cost of debt financing.


        The shares to be issued under the non-public issuance of A shares are RMB denominated ordinary shares
        (A shares) with a nominal value of RMB1.00 per share, which will be listed on the SSE. The number
        of shares issued was 753,390,254 shares with an issue price of RMB19.91/A share. The net price to
        the Company of each security was RMB19.80. The five target subscribers for the non-public issuance
        of A shares are Guangzhou Huiyin Tianyue Equity Investment Fund Management Co., Ltd, Guangzhou
        State-owned Assets Development Holdings Co., Ltd., GFHAM Wealth Management Select No.3 Private
        Investment Fund, Guangzhou Light Industry and Trade Group Co., Ltd. and Suiyong Holdings Co., Ltd.
        The closing price of A shares under the non-public issuance of A shares on 17 October 2017, being the
        date on which the Company received the relevant approval from the CSRC, was RMB19.03.


        The non-public issuance of A shares was completed in November 2017 (details of which are set out in the
        announcement of the Company dated 17 November 2017). The actual amount of gross proceeds raised
        was RMB14,999,999,957.14 and the actual amount of net proceeds raised, after deducting the issuance
        expenses of RMB83,050,000.00 was RMB14,916,949,957.14. Details of utilisation of the proceeds raised
        as at 31 December 2020 are set out below.



        AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2020
        As at 31 December 2020, the amount of proceeds brought forward was RMB3,258,962,590.86 whereas
        the total cumulative amount of utilised proceeds was RMB1,192,051.99 (inclusive of issuance expenses).
        There was no inconsistency between the utilisation of the proceeds and the original intended use.




98
                                                                                            Significant Events




Details of utilisation of the proceeds raised are set out below:


                                                                                     Unit: 0’000      Currency: RMB

                                            Total amount
                                            of investment
                                            commitment
                                            from the          Amount                Cumulative Estimated
                                            proceeds      invested for                 amount time of
No.   Investment project                    raised           this year                invested completion

1     New energy vehicles and R&D of           480,000.00       137,520.58           393,204.57 2021
       prospective technology project
        Note

2     GAEI phase 1 base construction         60,000.00            11,054.63            31,999.28 2021
        project
3     GAEI phase 2 base construction        100,000.00            14,617.56            67,103.38 Completed
        project
4     GAC proprietary brand project of       80,000.00                362.64           23,145.59 Completed
        Xinjiang
5     GAC improvement project of            220,000.00                   0.00        152,350.38 Completed
        Hangzhou
6     GAC proprietary brands                250,000.00            17,919.14          220,600.57 Completed
        technological reformation project
7     GAC proprietary brands vehicle        215,000.00             4,216.66          203,987.75 Completed
        models projects
7.1   GAMC A16 project                       20,000.00              206.86           18,780.34 Completed
7.2   GAMC A35 project                       35,000.00            2,675.41           34,495.69 Completed
7.3   GAMC A5H project                       30,000.00                0.00           30,547.98 Completed
7.4   GAMC A10 project                       40,000.00              641.13           36,878.85 Completed
7.5   GAMC A30 project                       15,000.00                0.00           15,000.00 Completed
7.6   GAMC A32 project                       10,000.00                0.00           10,000.00 Completed
7.7   GAMC A06 project                       35,000.00              372.40           35,140.89 Completed
7.8   GAMC A7M project                       30,000.00              320.86           23,144.00 Completed
8     GAMC engine project                    50,000.00              669.63           48,270.75 Completed
9     GAMC gearbox project                   30,000.00              879.40           28,084.72 Completed
10    P6 gearbox development project         15,000.00                0.00           15,000.00 Completed
      Issuance expenses                              –                0.00            8,305.00 –
      Total                               1,500,000.00          187,240.24        1,192,051.99


Note: New energy vehicles and R&D of prospective technology project contains certain sub-projects, for which the
      planned amount of proceeds to be invested are expected to be fully utilised by the end of 2021, and the
      subsequent construction of the unfinished projects will be financed with the Group’s own funds.



                                                             Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   99
      Significant Events


      The Group expects to continue to invest the unused proceeds raised from the Non-public Issuance in each
      of the above unfinished projects in accordance with the respective amount of investment commitment and
      expected time of completion, and in order taking into account the importance and urgency of each project.


      For further information on the utilisation of proceeds raised from the Non-public Issuance, please refer to
      the “Specific Report on the Deposit of the Proceeds and the Utilisation of the Proceeds by Guangzhou
      Automobile Group Co., Ltd.” published by the Company on 25 March 2021 by way of overseas regulatory
      announcements.




100
     Changes in Ordinary Shares and Information on Shareholders


I.    CHANGES IN ORDINARY SHARE CAPITAL

      (I)   STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN ORDINARY SHARES
            1.   Statement of changes in ordinary shares
                                                                                                                                                                 Unit: share

                                                             Before change                      Increase/decrease in the change (+, -)                         After change
                                                                                                      Conversion
                                                                                                             from
                                                                                      Issue           contributed
                                                                   Percentage        of new   Bonus        capital                                                      Percentage
                                                            Number        (%)        shares    issue      surplus          Others           Subtotal         Number            (%)

                 I.     Restricted Shares               1,054,746,356        10.30                                    -952,645,026       -952,645,026    102,101,330           0.99
                        1. State-owned Shares
                        2. Shares held by state-
                                owned legal person 1,054,746,356             10.30                                  -1,054,746,356 -1,054,746,356                  0
                        3. Shares held by other
                                domestic entities                                                                      102,101,330       102,101,330     102,101,330
                            Including: Shares held by
                                            domestic
                                            non-
                                            state-
                                            owned
                                            legal
                                            persons
                                         Shares
                                            held by
                                            domestic
                                            natural
                                            persons                                                                    102,101,330       102,101,330     102,101,330
                        4. Shares held by foreign
                                entities
                            Including: Shares held by
                                            overseas
                                            legal
                                            persons
                                         Shares
                                            held by
                                            overseas
                                            natural
                                            persons
                 II.    Non-restricted tradable
                        shares                          9,182,961,185        89.70                                   1,064,634,302 1,064,634,302 10,247,595,487               99.01
                        1. RMB-denominated
                                ordinary shares         6,084,340,880        59.43                                   1,064,634,302 1,064,634,302 7,148,975,182                69.07
                        2. Domestically-listed foreign
                                shares
                        3. Overseas listed foreign
                                shares                  3,098,620,305        30.27                                                                      3,098,620,305         29.94
                        4. Others
                 III.   Total ordinary shares          10,237,707,541         100                                      111,989,276       111,989,276 10,349,696,817            100

                                                                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020                             101
      Changes in Ordinary Shares and Information on Shareholders


         2.   Explanation on changes in ordinary shares
              During the reporting period, as a result of the exercise of share option incentive scheme
              and conversion of convertible corporate bonds, an aggregate of 9,887,946 A shares were
              increased. In addition, during the reporting period, 102,101,330 restricted A shares were
              granted to the participants.


              On 16 November 2020, 1,054,746,356 A shares subject to trading moratorium issued under
              the 2017 non-public issuance of the Company were listed for trading after expiry of lock-up
              period.


         3.   Effect of changes in ordinary shares on financial indicators such as earnings per
              share and net assets per share for the most recent year and most recent period (if
              any)
              □Applicable ✓ N/A

         4.   Other disclosure deemed necessary by the Company or required by securities
              regulatory authorities
              □Applicable ✓ N/A




102
                                          Changes in Ordinary Shares and Information on Shareholders




(II)   CHANGES IN SHARES SUBJECT TO TRADING MORATORIUM
                                                                                                                                        Unit: share

                                            Number of shares         Number of     Increase in the
                                            subject to trading shares released number of shares Number of shares
                                            moratorium at the      from trading subject to trading subject to trading Reasons
                                             beginning of the moratorium during moratorium during moratorium at the for trading       Date of lifting
       Name of shareholder                                year         the year           the year   end of the year moratorium       trading moratorium


       Guangzhou Huiyin Tianyue Equity           421,898,543        421,898,543                0                 0 Trading moratorium 16 November 2020
         Investment Fund Management Co.,                                                                              lifted after expiry
         Ltd. (廣州匯垠天粵股權投資基金管                                                                                          of lock-up period
         理有限公司)                                                                                                       for non-public
                                                                                                                      issuance
       Guangzhou State-owned Assets              210,949,272        210,949,272                0                 0 Trading moratorium 16 November 2020
         Development Holdings Co., Ltd.                                                                               lifted after expiry
         (廣州國資發展控股有限公司)                                                                                               of lock-up period
                                                                                                                      for non-public
                                                                                                                      issuance
       Guangzhou Finance Holdings Assets         210,949,271        210,949,271                0                 0 Trading moratorium 16 November 2020
         Management Co., Ltd. – GFHAM                                                                                 lifted after expiry
         Wealth Management Select No.3                                                                                of lock-up period
         Private Investment Fund (廣州金控                                                                                for non-public
         資產管理有限公司－廣金資產財富管                                                                                             issuance
         理優選3號私募投資基金)
       Guangzhou Light Industry and Trade        105,474,635        105,474,635                0                 0 Trading moratorium 16 November 2020
         Group Co., Ltd. (廣州輕工工貿集團                                                                                    lifted after expiry
         有限公司)                                                                                                        of lock-up period
                                                                                                                      for non-public
                                                                                                                      issuance
       Suiyong Holdings Co., Ltd. (穗甬控股有         105,474,635        105,474,635                0                 0 Trading moratorium 16 November 2020
          限公司)                                                                                                        lifted after expiry
                                                                                                                      of lock-up period
                                                                                                                      for non-public
                                                                                                                      issuance
       Total                                    1,054,746,356     1,054,746,356                0                 0 /                      /




                                                                                     Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020             103
        Changes in Ordinary Shares and Information on Shareholders


  II.   ISSUE AND LISTING OF SECURITIES

        (I)    ISSUE OF SECURITIES DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
               □Applicable    ✓ N/A

        (II)   CHANGES IN TOTAL NUMBER OF ORDINARY SHARES AND SHAREHOLDERS
               STRUCTURE OF THE COMPANY AND CHANGES IN ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
               STRUCTURE OF THE COMPANY
               During the reporting period, as a result of exercise of options granted under the share option incentive
               scheme and conversion of convertible corporate bonds, 9,887,946 A shares were increased. In
               addition, 102,101,330 restricted A shares were granted to the participants pursuant to the 2020
               A share option and restricted share incentive scheme.



  III. INFORMATION ON SHAREHOLDERS AND ULTIMATE CONTROLLER

        (I)    TOTAL NUMBER OF SHAREHOLDERS
               Total number of shareholders of ordinary shares as at the end of the reporting
                period Note 1                                                                                 85,664
               Total number of shareholders of ordinary shares as at the end of the month
                prior to the disclosure of the annual report                                                121,217




104
                                         Changes in Ordinary Shares and Information on Shareholders




(II)   SHAREHOLDING OF TOP TEN SHAREHOLDERS, TOP TEN SHAREHOLDERS
       OF CIRCULATING SHARES (OR HOLDERS OF SHARES NOT SUBJECT TO
       TRADING MORATORIUM) AS AT END OF THE REPORTING PERIOD
                                                                                                                                                Unit: share

                                                                    Shareholding of top ten shareholders
                                                                                                            Number of     Pledged or frozen
                                                       Increase/                                           shares held
                                                decrease during Number of shares                                subject
                                                   the reporting held at the end of                          to trading                      Nature of
       Name of shareholder                                period         the period Percentage (%)         moratorium Status          Number shareholder

       GAIG Note 2                                           0      5,499,140,069             53.13                0 Nil                      State-owned legal
                                                                                                                                                 person
       HKSCC Nominees Limited Note 3                   169,080      3,095,304,266             29.91                0 Unknown                  Foreign legal person
       Guangzhou Huiyin Tianyue Equity                       0        421,898,543              4.08                0 Pledged      210,949,271 State-owned legal
          Investment Fund Management Co.,                                                                                                        person
          Ltd. (廣州匯垠天粵股權投資基金管理
          有限公司)
       Guangzhou State-owned Assets                          0        210,949,272              2.04                0 Nil                       State-owned legal
          Development Holdings Co., Ltd.                                                                                                          person
          (廣州國資發展控股有限公司)
       Guangzhou Finance Holdings Assets                -49,000       210,900,271              2.04                0 Nil                       Other
          Management Co., Ltd. – GFHAM
          Wealth Management Select No. 3
          Private Investment Fund (廣州金控資產
          管理有限公司－廣金資產財富管理優選
          3號私募投資基金)
       Guangzhou Light Industry & Trade Group                0        105,474,635              1.02                0 Nil                      State-owned legal
          Co., Ltd. (廣州輕工工貿集團有限公司)                                                                                                               person
       Shanghai Pu-Xing Energy Limited (普星聚          -9,104,253       100,060,000              0.97                0 Nil                      Domestic non-state-
          能股份公司)                                                                                                                                 owned legal
                                                                                                                                                 person
       Suiyong Holdings Co., Ltd. (穗甬控股有限           -32,517,261        72,957,374              0.70                0 Pledged       52,737,317 State-owned legal
          公司)                                                                                                                                    person
       Ningbo Meishan Baoshuigang Area                       0         41,852,306              0.40                0 Nil                      Domestic non-state-
          Jincheng Shazhou Equity Investment                                                                                                     owned legal
          Co., Ltd. (寧波梅山保稅港區錦程沙洲                                                                                                                person
          股權投資有限公司)
       Wei Zhaoqi (魏兆琪)                              21,200,702        31,131,900              0.30                0 Nil                       Domestic natural
                                                                                                                                                 person



                                                                                         Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020                 105
      Changes in Ordinary Shares and Information on Shareholders


              Particulars of shareholdings of the top ten holders of tradable shares not subject to trading moratorium
                                                           Number of tradable            Class and number of shares
                                                         shares not subject to
         Name of shareholder                               trading moratorium Class                                 Number

         GAIG Note 2                                                   5,499,140,069 A shares, H shares                  5,499,140,069
         HKSCC Nominees Limited Note 3                                 3,095,304,266 Overseas listed foreign             3,095,304,266
                                                                                       shares
         Guangzhou Huiyin Tianyue Equity Investment Fund                 421,898,543 RMB ordinary shares                    421,898,543
           Management Co., Ltd. (廣州匯垠天粵股權投資基金
           管理有限公司)
         Guangzhou State-owned Assets Development                        210,949,272 RMB ordinary shares                    210,949,272
           Holdings Co., Ltd. (廣州國資發展控股有限公司)
         Guangzhou Finance Holdings Assets Management                    210,900,271 RMB ordinary shares                    210,900,271
           Co., Ltd. – GFHAM Wealth Management Select No.
           3 Private Investment Fund (廣州金控資產管理有限
           公司－廣金資產財富管理優選3號私募投資基金)
         Guangzhou Light Industry & Trade Group Co., Ltd.                105,474,635 RMB ordinary shares                    105,474,635
           (廣州輕工工貿集團有限公司)
         Shanghai Pu-Xing Energy Limited (普星聚能股份公司)                      100,060,000 RMB ordinary shares                    100,060,000
         Suiyong Holdings Co., Ltd. (穗甬控股有限公司)                             72,957,374 RMB ordinary shares                    72,957,374
         Ningbo Meishan Baoshuigang Area Jincheng Shazhou                  41,852,306 RMB ordinary shares                    41,852,306
           Equity Investment Co., Ltd. (寧波梅山保稅港區錦程
           沙洲股權投資有限公司)
         Wei Zhaoqi (魏兆琪)                                                  31,131,900 RMB ordinary shares                    31,131,900
         Related relationship or concerted party relationship GAIG, the largest shareholder of the Company, is not related to any of the
           among the above shareholders                         above shareholders, nor is it a party acting in concert with any of them,
                                                                and it is not known to the Company whether other shareholders are
                                                                related to each other or whether they are parties acting in concert.




106
                         Changes in Ordinary Shares and Information on Shareholders




   Note 1:   Total number of shareholders as at the end of the reporting period was 85,664, among which
             85,406 holders are holders of A shares and 258 holders are holders of H shares. Total number of
             shareholders of ordinary shares as at the end of the month prior to the disclosure of the annual
             report was 121,217, among which 120,959 holders are holders of A shares and 258 holders are
             holders of H shares.

   Note 2:   GAIG held 5,206,932,069 A shares of the Company in total, representing approximately 71.81%
             of the A share capital of the Company. At the same time, GAIG, through Southbound Trading of
             Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect and Guangzhou Auto Group (Hong Kong) Limited (a wholly-
             owned subsidiary) held 292,208,000 H shares of the Company in total, representing approximately
             9.43% of the H share capital of the Company. The total number of A and H shares of the Company
             held by GAIG was 5,499,140,069 shares, representing approximately 53.13% of the total share
             capital of the Company.

   Note 3:   H shares held by HKSCC Nominees Limited were held on behalf of a number of clients. H shares
             of the Company held by Guangzhou Auto Group (Hong Kong) Limited are also registered in trust
             with HKSCC Nominees Limited.


   Number of shares subject to trading moratorium held by top 10 Shareholders and conditions
   of trading moratorium
   □Applicable ✓ N/A



(III) STRATEGIC INVESTOR OR ORDINARY LEGAL PERSON BECOMING TOP 10
      SHAREHOLDERS AFTER PLACING OF NEW SHARES
   □Applicable    ✓ N/A




                                                         Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   107
      Changes in Ordinary Shares and Information on Shareholders


  IV. STATUS OF CONTROLLING                        SHAREHOLDER                AND       ULTIMATE
      CONTROLLER

      (I)   CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDER
            1   Legal person

                Name                         Guangzhou Automobile Industry Group Co., Ltd.
                Responsible person of        Zeng Qinghong
                  the institution or legal
                  representative
                Date of establishment        18 October 2000
                Principal business           Investment in the research and development,
                                             manufacturing and marketing of automobile, motorcycle
                                             and components, automobile service trade and other
                                             relevant industries; Investment in automobile finance and
                                             other financial sectors; Investment in self-owned land
                                             development projects and related real estate projects and
                                             property management.


                Equity interests in other    Nil
                 controlled and invested
                 companies whose shares
                 were listed in the PRC
                 or overseas during the
                 reporting period
                Other matters                Nil




108
                          Changes in Ordinary Shares and Information on Shareholders




       2    Special explanation on absence of a controlling shareholder of the Company
            □Applicable ✓ N/A


       3    Details of the index and the date of changes of the controlling shareholder during
            the reporting period
            □Applicable ✓ N/A


       4    Chart showing the ownership and controlling relationship between the Company
            and the controlling shareholder


                    Guangzhou Automobile Industry Group Co., Ltd.

                                                  53.13%

                        Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.



(II)   ULTIMATE CONTROLLER
       1.   Legal person
            The ultimate controller of the Company is Guangzhou State-Owned Assets Administration
            Bureau, which is a department directly under the Guangzhou Municipal People’s Government,
            and as authorised by the Guangzhou Municipal People’s Government, it performs the
            obligation of the investor on behalf of the Guangzhou Municipal People’s Government and
            is responsible for the supervision of municipal state-owned assets.


       2    Special explanation on absence of an ultimate controller of the Company
            □Applicable ✓ N/A


       3    Details of the index and the date of changes of the ultimate controller during the
            reporting period
            □Applicable ✓ N/A




                                                       Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   109
          Changes in Ordinary Shares and Information on Shareholders


              4        Chart showing the ownership and controlling relationship between the Company
                       and the ultimate controller


       State-Owned Assets Administration Bureau of Guangzhou Municipal People’s Government

                                                          100%

                              Guangzhou Automobile Industry Group Co., Ltd.

                                                          53.13%

                                   Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.


              5        The ultimate controller controlled the Company through a trust or other asset
                       management company
                       □Applicable ✓ N/A



         (III) OTHER INFORMATION OF THE CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDER AND THE
               ULTIMATE CONTROLLER
              □Applicable       ✓ N/A



  V.     OTHER CORPORATE SHAREHOLDERS HOLDING MORE THAN 10%
         SHARES OF THE COMPANY
         As at the end of reporting period, there were no other corporate shareholders holding more than 10%
         shares of the Company.



  VI. RESTRICTION ON REDUCTION IN SHAREHOLDING
         □Applicable    ✓ N/A




110
                               Changes in Ordinary Shares and Information on Shareholders




VII. INTERESTS REQUIRED TO BE DISCLOSED UNDER THE SFO
   As at 31 December 2020, the names of the persons (other than directors and supervisors) entitled to
   exercise 5% or more of the voting rights at any general meeting of the Company and the number of
   shares, as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the
   SFO are set out below:

                                                                            Percentage
                                                                            in the class
                                                                               of issued                   Percentage
                             Class of                     Number of shares share capital                 of total share
   Name                      shares     Capacity                  (Note 1)           (%)                    capital (%)


   GAIG (Note 2)             A shares   Beneficial         5,191,015,530 (L)               71.59                    52.98
                                          owner
                             H shares   Interest of a        292,208,000 (L)                 9.43
                                          controlled
                                          corporation
   JPMorgan Chase & Co.      H shares   Investment           257,354,596 (L)                 8.31                     3.28
                                          manager             20,980,866 (S)                 0.68
                                                              60,991,999 (P)                 1.97
   Citigroup Inc.            H shares   Approved             191,722,439 (L)                 6.19                     3.65
                                          lending agent        1,755,046 (S)                 0.06
                                                             184,618,820 (P)                 5.96
   Brown Brothers Harriman   H shares   Agent                186,467,763 (L)                 6.02                     3.60
     & Co.                                                   186,467,763 (P)                 6.02
   FMR LLC                   H shares   Interest of a        162,937,974 (L)                 5.26                     1.57
                                          controlled
                                          corporation
   BlackRock, Inc.           H shares   Interest of a        157,290,106 (L)                 5.08                     1.56
                                          controlled           3,690,000 (S)                 0.12
                                          corporation




                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020     111
      Changes in Ordinary Shares and Information on Shareholders


      Notes:

      1.       (L) – Long Position, (S) – Short Position, (P) – Lending Pool

      2.       As at 31 December 2020, the total number of A shares of the Company held by GAIG was 5,206,932,069
               shares, representing approximately 71.81% of the A share capital of the Company. At the same time, GAIG,
               through Southbound Trading of Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect and Guangzhou Auto Group (Hong
               Kong) Limited (a wholly-owned subsidiary) held 292,208,000 H shares of the Company in total, representing
               approximately 9.43% of the H share capital of the Company. The total number of A and H shares of the
               Company held by GAIG was 5,499,140,069 shares, representing approximately 53.13% of the total share
               capital of the Company.



  VIII. PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED SECURITIES OF THE
        COMPANY
      The Company has not redeemed any of its listed securities during the year. Neither the Company nor
      any of its subsidiaries has purchased or sold any of the listed securities of the Company during the year.



  IX. PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS AND PUBLIC FLOAT
      There is no provision for pre-emptive rights of the shareholders in the Articles of Association and the
      relevant laws, and they are not entitled to ask the Company to issue shares to them pre-emptively in
      proportion to their shareholding.


      Based on the information publicly available and to the knowledge of the directors, as at the latest practicable
      date prior to the issue of this annual report, the Company has met the minimum requirement on public
      float under the Listing Rules.




112
     Profiles of Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees


I.    CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDING AND REMUNERATION

      (1)   PARTICULARS ABOUT CHANGES IN THE SHAREHOLDING AND REMUNERATION
            OF INCUMBENT AND RESIGNED DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR
            MANAGEMENT DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
                                                                                                                                                                                Unit: share

                                                                                                                                                                                Total
                                                                                                                                              Increase/                remuneration
                                                                                                                   Number of                  decrease              obtained payable
                                                                                                                  shares held Number of      in number    Reason by the Company Remuneration
                                                                                                                        at the shares held    of shares   for the          during the from related
                                                                           Commencement Expiry date of              beginning at the end         during   increase/ reporting period parties of
            Name             Position                           Gender Age date of term term                       of the year of the year     the year   decrease        (RMB0'000) the Company

            Zeng Qinghong Chairman and Party Secretary          Male    59 23 August 2018     22 August 2021     867,000 707,000             -160,000 Share Option         104.86     No
                                                                                                                (A shares) (A shares)                   Scheme
            Feng Xingya      Director and General Manager       Male    51 23 August 2018     22 August 2021     731,533 1,021,533            290,000 Share Option         239.29     No
                                                                                                                (A shares) (A shares)                   Scheme
            Zhao Fuquan Independent Non-executive Director Male         57   29 May 2020      22 August 2021            0          0                – –                      8.75     No
            Xiao Shengfang Independent Non-executive Director Male      51   29 May 2020      22 August 2021            0          0                – –                      8.75     No
            Wong Hakkun Independent Non-executive Director Male         54   29 May 2020      22 August 2021            0          0                – –                      8.75     No
            Song Tiebo      Independent Non-executive Director Male     55   29 May 2020      22 August 2021            0          0                – –                      8.75     No
            Fu Yuwu         Independent Non-executive Director Male     76   23 August 2018   29 May 2020               0          –                – –                      6.25     No
            Lan Hailin      Independent Non-executive Director Male     61   23 August 2018   29 May 2020               0          –                – –                      6.25     No
            Leung Lincheong Independent Non-executive Director Male     67   23 August 2018   29 May 2020               0          –                – –                      6.25     No
            Wang Susheng Independent Non-executive Director Male        52   23 August 2018   29 May 2020               0          –                – –                      6.25     No
            Chen Xiaomu Director and Deputy Party Secretary Male        45   20 March 2020    22 August 2021       98,467     98,467                0 –                     88.64     No
                                                                                                                (A shares) (A shares)
                                                                                                                   98,000     98,000
                                                                                                                (H shares) (H shares)
            Chen Maoshan     Director and chairman of the labour Male   56 23 August 2018     22 August 2021      716,368 782,368              66,000 Share Option         200.26     No
                                union                                                                           (A shares) (A shares)                   Scheme
                                                                                                                  111,274 111,274
                                                                                                                (H shares) (H shares)
            Chen Jun         Director                           Male    45   23 August 2018   22 August 2021            0          0                – –                         0     No
            Ding Hongxiang   Director                           Male    54   23 August 2018   22 August 2021            0          0                – –                         0     No
            Han Ying         Director                           Male    42   23 August 2018   22 August 2021            0          0                – –                         0     No
            Ji Li            Chairman of the supervisory        Male    55   23 August 2018   28 September 2020         0          –                – –                         0     No
                                committee



                                                                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020                             113
      Profiles of Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees


                                                                                                                                                                         Total
                                                                                                                                         Increase/              remuneration
                                                                                                             Number of                   decrease            obtained payable
                                                                                                            shares held Number of       in number Reason by the Company Remuneration
                                                                                                                  at the shares held     of shares for the          during the from related
                                                                   Commencement Expiry date of                beginning at the end          during increase/ reporting period parties of
          Name           Position                       Gender Age date of term term                         of the year of the year      the year decrease        (RMB0'000) the Company

          Chen Tian      Supervisor                     Female 43     23 August 2018    22 August 2021                0            0          – –                         0    No
          Long Yong      Supervisor                     Male 46       31 May 2019       22 August 2021                0            0          – –                         0    No
          Wang Junyang   Supervisor                     Male 42       23 August 2018    22 August 2021                0            0          – –                         0    No
          Jiang Xiuyun   Staff supervisor               Female 53     23 August 2018    3 February 2021               0            0          0 –                     98.48    No
          He Jinpei      Staff supervisor               Male 57       23 August 2018    21 September 2020       92,400             –          – –                     72.73    No
                                                                                                              (H shares)
          Shi Lei        Staff supervisor               Male    47 21 September 2020 22 August 2021           160,395       120,395     -40,000 Share Option          30.64    No
                                                                                                             (A shares)    (A shares)             Scheme
          Wang Lu        Staff supervisor                Female 52 23 August 2018       22 August 2021                0            0          0 –                     77.05    No
          Huang Zhuo     Staff supervisor                Male 40 3 February 2021        22 August 2021                0            0          – –                         –    No
          Wu Song        Standing Deputy General Manager Male 57 23 August 2018         22 August 2021        712,300       794,300      82,000 Share Option         202.05    No
                                                                                                             (A shares)    (A shares)             Scheme
          Li Shao        Deputy General Manager         Male    58 23 August 2018       22 August 2021        712,267       794,267      82,000 Share Option        201.15     No
                                                                                                             (A shares)    (A shares)             Scheme
          Yan Zhuangli   Deputy General Manager         Male    52 24 December 2019 22 August 2021                    0     260,000     260,000 Share Option        197.81     No
                                                                                                                           (A shares)             Scheme
          Wang Dan       Deputy General Manager and person Female 50 23 August 2018 22 August 2021            713,668       953,668     240,000 Share Option        199.47     No
                           in charge of accounting function                                                  (A shares)    (A shares)             Scheme
          Gao Rui        Deputy General Manager             Male 41 24 December 2019 22 August 2021                  0      160,000     160,000 Share Option        204.19     No
                                                                                                                           (A shares)             Scheme
          Chen Hanjun    Deputy General Manager         Male    58 23 August 2018       22 August 2021        139,220       365,220     226,000 Share Option        198.57     No
                                                                                                             (A shares)    (A shares)             Scheme
          Sui Li         Secretary of the Board and company Female 52 23 August 2018 22 August 2021            80,353       325,353     245,000 Share Option        191.58     No
                           secretary                                                                         (A shares)    (A shares)             Scheme
          Jiang Xiuyun   Chief accountant                   Female 53 10 February 2021 22 August 2021                0             0          – –                         0    No
          Total          /                                  /      / /                 /                                                        /                  2,366.78     /




114
                          Profiles of Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees




(2)   INTERESTS REQUIRED TO BE DISCLOSED UNDER THE SFO
      The following are the interests or short positions of the current and resigned directors, supervisors
      and senior management of the Company in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the
      Company or its associated corporations (as defined in Part XV of the SFO) as at 31 December 2020,
      which were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions
      7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short positions which he/she was deemed or
      taken to have under such provisions of the SFO) or which were required, pursuant to Section 352
      of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein, or which were required, pursuant to
      the “Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers” (the “Model Code”) set
      out in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules, to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange:

                                                                                                      Number of
                                                                                                     interests in             Percentage
                                                                                                      underlying                   in the
                                                                                                          shares                 class of Percentage
                                                                                            Number held under                     issued      of total
                                                            Class of                       of shares       equity                  share        share
      Name                  Position                        shares Capacity                     held derivatives        Total capital (%) capital (%)

      Zeng Qinghong         Chairman and Party Secretary    A shares    Beneficial owner     707,000     373,336    1,080,336      0.0149      0.0104
      Feng Xingya           Director and General Manager    A shares    Beneficial owner   1,021,533     644,668    1,666,201      0.0230      0.0161
      Chen Xiaomu           Director and Deputy Party       A shares    Beneficial owner      98,467     261,336      359,803      0.0050      0.0035
                              Secretary
                                                            H shares Beneficial owner        98,000            0       98,000      0.0032      0.0009
      Chen Maoshan          Director and chairman of the    A shares Beneficial owner       782,368      581,000    1,363,368      0.0188      0.0132
                              labour union
                                                             H shares   Beneficial owner    111,274            0      111,274      0.0036      0.0011
      Shi Lei               Staff representative supervisor A shares    Beneficial owner    120,395            0      120,395      0.0017      0.0012
      Wu Song               Standing Deputy General          A shares   Beneficial owner    794,300      596,000    1,390,300      0.0192      0.0134
                              Manager
      Li Shao               Deputy General Manager           A shares   Beneficial owner    794,267      596,000    1,390,267      0.0192      0.0134
      Yan Zhuangli Note     Deputy General Manager           A shares   Beneficial owner    260,000      614,668      874,668      0.0121      0.0085
      Wang Dan              Deputy General Manager and A shares         Beneficial owner    953,668      596,000    1,549,668      0.0214      0.0150
                              person in charge of accounting
                              function
      Gao Rui               Deputy General Manager           A shares   Beneficial owner    160,000      496,000     656,000       0.0090      0.0063
      Chen Hanjun           Deputy General Manager           A shares   Beneficial owner    365,220      596,000     961,220       0.0133      0.0093
      Sui Li                Secretary of the Board and       A shares   Beneficial owner    325,353      581,000     906,353       0.0125      0.0088
                              company secretary


      Note: Mr. Yan Zhuangli resigned as a non-executive director of the Company on 15 January 2020. After his
            resignation, Mr. Yan Zhuangli still serves as the deputy general manager (professional manager) of the
            Company and a member of the Executive Committee.




                                                                                    Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020            115
      Profiles of Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees


      (3)   SHARE OPTIONS GRANTED TO DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
            DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
                                                                                                                              Unit: share (A shares)

                                                                                                       Shares
                                                                                                        issued
                                                                           Number of                      upon                        Number
                                                                           new share         Share exercise Number                   of share
                                                              Number of       options       options of share of options Exercise      options Market price
                                                           share options      granted   exercisable options cancelled price of     held at the at the end of
                                                             held at the   during the    during the during the during the share    end of the the reporting
                                                            beginning of    reporting     reporting reporting reporting options     reporting         period
            Name            Position                            the year       period        period     period     period (RMB)        period         (RMB)

            Zeng Qinghong   Chairman                           1,120,000           0       373,332         0    746,664 See note      373,336 4,961,635.44
            Feng Xingya     Director and General Manager       1,064,000     290,000       354,666         0    709,332 See note      644,668 8,567,637.72
            Chen Xiaomu     Director and Deputy Party            784,000           0       261,332         0    522,664 See note      261,336 3,473,155.44
                              Secretary
            Chen Maoshan    Director and chairman of the       1,008,000     245,000       336,000         0    672,000 See note      581,000 7,721,490.00
                              labour union
            Wu Song         Standing Deputy General            1,008,000     260,000       336,000         0    672,000 See note      596,000 7,920,840.00
                              Manager
            Li Shao         Deputy General Manager             1,008,000     260,000       336,000         0    672,000 See note      596,000 7,920,840.00
            Yan Zhuangli    Deputy General Manager             1,064,000     260,000       354,666         0    709,332 See note      614,668 8,168,937.72
            Wang Dan        Deputy General Manager             1,008,000     260,000       336,000         0    672,000 See note      596,000 7,920,840.00
                              and person in charge of
                              accounting function
            Gao Rui         Deputy General Manager             1,008,000      160,000      336,000         0 672,000 See note         496,000 6,591,840.00
            Chen Hanjun     Deputy General Manager             1,008,000      260,000      336,000         0 672,000 See note         596,000 7,920,840.00
            Sui Li          Secretary of the Board             1,008,000      245,000      336,000         0 672,000 See note         581,000 7,721,490.00
            Total           /                                 11,088,000    2,240,000    3,695,996         0 7,391,992 /            5,936,008            /


            Note: Due to the implementation of the final profit distribution for 2019 and interim profit distribution for 2020
                  during the reporting period, the exercise price was adjusted in accordance with the profit distribution
                  plans. Among which, the exercise price for the period from 1 January 2020 to 21 June 2020 was
                  RMB19.55 per share, the exercise price for the period from 22 June 2020 to 20 September 2020 was
                  RMB19.40 per share, and the exercise price for the period from 21 September 2020 to 17 December
                  2020 was RMB19.37 per share.




116
               Profiles of Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees




                                                                                                          Unit: share (A shares)
                                                         Number
                                         Number of         of new                                          Number of
                                          restricted   restricted                                           restricted
                                             shares        shares                                              shares Market price
                                         held at the      granted Grant price                              held at the at the end of
                                          beginning    during the of restricted                 Shares     end of the the reporting
                                              of the    reporting       shares      Shares      not yet      reporting        period
Name          Position                          year       period        (RMB)    unlocked    unlocked          period        (RMB)

Feng Xingya  Director and General                 0      290,000           4.99          0     290,000        290,000   3,854,100.00
               Manager
Chen Maoshan Director and Chairman of             0      245,000           4.99          0     245,000        245,000   3,256,050.00
               the Labour Union
Wu Song      Standing Deputy General              0      260,000           4.99          0     260,000        260,000   3,455,400.00
               Manager
Li Shao      Deputy General Manager               0      260,000           4.99          0     260,000        260,000   3,455,400.00
Yan Zhuangli Deputy General Manager               0      260,000           4.99          0     260,000        260,000   3,455,400.00
Wang Dan     Deputy General Manager               0      260,000           4.99          0     260,000        260,000   3,455,400.00
               and person in charge of
               accounting function
Gao Rui      Deputy General Manager               0      160,000           4.99          0      160,000       160,000   2,126,400.00
Chen Hanjun Deputy General Manager                0      260,000           4.99          0      260,000       260,000   3,455,400.00
Sui Li       Secretary of the Board               0      245,000           4.99          0      245,000       245,000   3,256,050.00
Total                                             0    2,240,000              /          0    2,240,000     2,240,000              /



For the grant date, validity period and exercise period of the above A share options, please refer
to the section titled “Share Option Scheme, Employee Stock Ownership Scheme or Other Staff
Incentives of the Company and Their Impact” under Chapter 4 – “Significant Events” of this report.




                                                                       Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020       117
      Profiles of Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees


          Name            Main work experiences

          Zeng Qinghong   Chairman of the Company, party secretary and chairman of the Strategy
                          Committee of the Board. Currently, Mr. Zeng is also the chairman and party
                          secretary of GAIG. He is a senior engineer and graduated from South China
                          University of Technology with a Ph.D. candidate in management science
                          and engineering. He first joined the Company in 1997. He had served
                          as the vice chairman of the Company from June 2005 to October 2016,
                          general manager of the Company from June 2005 to November 2016, and
                          director of the Executive Committee of the Company from June 2013 to
                          November 2016. Mr. Zeng was the vice chairman of GAIG from August
                          2008 to October 2016, general manager of GAIG from July 2013 to October
                          2016. He has been serving the current positions since October 2016. He
                          was the chairman of GAC Toyota and vice chairman of GAC Toyota Engine
                          from June 2013 to December 2016. He acted as a chairman of GAMC from
                          August 2008 to June 2013, chairman of GAC Gonow Automobile Co., Ltd.
                          from January 2011 to June 2013 and chairman of GAC FCA from January
                          2010 to June 2013. Prior to this, he held positions as chairman of GAC
                          Business, GAC Component and GAC Hino, director and executive deputy
                          general manager of GAC Honda and deputy general manager of GAIG and
                          GAC. Mr. Zeng is a delegate of the 10th, 11th and 13th National People’s
                          Congress, the chairman of the 5th and 6th Automobile Industry Association
                          of Guangdong Province (廣東省汽車工業協會).

          Feng Xingya     Director of the Company, general manager, director of the Executive
                          Committee and a member the Strategy Committee of the Board. He is also a
                          director of GAIG, chairman of GAMC and chairman of GAC AION. Mr. Feng
                          joined the Group in 2004, he has held positions as a deputy head of sales
                          department, deputy general manager, executive deputy general manager and
                          a director of GAC Toyota, a director of GAC Mitsubishi and vice chairman
                          of Tong Fang Logistics. He has been the deputy general manager of the
                          Company since 2008. Since 25 March 2015, he has been a director of the
                          Company. He was the chairman of GAC FCA, GAC FCA Sales, Guang Ai
                          Insurance Brokers Limited, Urtrust Insurance and Da Sheng Technology. Mr.
                          Feng served as a deputy general manager in Zhengzhou Nissan Automobile
                          Company Limited from June 1998 to June 2004. Mr. Feng graduated from
                          Xi’an Jiaotong University with a bachelor’s degree in engineering in July 1988
                          and a master’s degree in business administration in July 2001.




118
          Profiles of Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees




Name             Main work experiences

Zhao Fuquan      Independent non-executive director of the Company and a member of the
                 Strategy Committee of the Board. He is a professor and PhD supervisor of
                 the School of Vehicle and Mobility of Tsinghua University, dean of Tsinghua
                 Automotive Strategy Research Institute (TASRI), Chairman of the International
                 Federation of Automotive Engineering Societies (FISITA) (2018-2020) and
                 an independent non-executive director of BAIC Motor Corporation Ltd.
                 He has served as the research director of USA DaimlerChrysler, the vice
                 president and general manager of the R&D center of Shenyang Brilliance
                 Jinbei Automobile Co., Ltd., vice president of Zhejiang Geely Holding
                 Group Co., Ltd. and an executive director of Geely Automobile Holdings
                 Limited, a director of BMW Brilliance Automotive Ltd., chairman of the
                 board of Australia DSI Holdings Ltd., and a director of Manganese Bronze
                 Holdings. Mr. Zhao graduated from Jilin University of Technology as an
                 undergraduate with a bachelor’s degree in Internal Combustion Engine in
                 July 1985. He graduated from Hiroshima University as a postgraduate with
                 a master’s degree in mechanical engineering in March 1989, and graduated
                 from Hiroshima University as a postgraduate with a doctorate degree in
                 mechanical engineering in March 1992.

Xiao Shengfang   Independent non-executive director of the Company, chairman of the
                 Remuneration and Assessment Committee of the Board, chairman of the
                 Nomination Committee of the Board and a member of the Audit Committee
                 of the Board. He is the supervisor of Guangdong Sino-Win Law Firm, an
                 expert in complicated civil and commercial dispute resolution, a representative
                 of the National People’s Congress, chairman of the Guangdong Lawyers
                 Association, a special supervisor of the Supreme People’s Court and the
                 Supreme People’s Procuratorate, a member of the Guangdong Provincial
                 Judges and Prosecutors Disciplinary Committee, an arbitrator of each of the
                 South China International Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission and the
                 Guangzhou Arbitration Commission, and the vice chairman of the Guangzhou
                 Law Society; and an independent non-executive director of Guangzhou
                 Lingnan International Enterprise Group Co., Ltd. (廣州嶺南國際企業集團有限
                 公司), Guangzhou Municipal Construction Group Co., Ltd. (廣州市建築集團有
                 限公司), Guangdong Fenghua High-tech Co., Ltd. (廣東風華高新科技股份有限
                 公司) and Guangzhou Pearl River Enterprises Group Co., Ltd. (廣州珠江實業
                 集團有限公司). He once served as the vice president of Guangzhou Lawyers
                 Association and the deputy director of the Labor Law Professional Committee
                 of All China Lawyers Association. He obtained a master’s degree in business
                 administration from Jinan University in 2002.



                                                 Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   119
      Profiles of Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees


          Name          Main work experiences

          Wong Hakkun   Independent non-executive director of the Company and chairman
                        of the Audit Committee of the Board. He is a member of each of the
                        Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants, the Association of
                        Chartered Certified Accountants, the Institute of Chartered Management
                        Accountants and the Institute of Chartered Secretaries and Administrators,
                        an independent non-executive director of Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd., an
                        independent non-executive director and chairman of audit committee of Yue
                        Yuen Industrial (Holdings) Limited (a company listed on the Stock Exchange,
                        stock code: 0551), an independent non-executive director and chairman
                        of audit committee of Zhejiang Cangnan Instrument Group Company
                        Limited (a company listed on the Stock Exchange, stock code: 1743), and
                        an independent non-executive director and chairman of audit committee
                        of Lung Kee (Bermuda) Holdings Limited (a company listed on the Stock
                        Exchange, stock code: 255). He served as an audit partner of Deloitte China
                        from 1992 to 2013 and as a national audit and assurance leading partner
                        and a member of the management leadership team of Deloitte China from
                        2013 to 2017. Mr. Wong has extensive experience in auditing, assurance
                        and management. He graduated from the Faculty of Social Sciences of the
                        University of Hong Kong as an undergraduate with a bachelor’s degree in
                        social sciences majoring in economics and management in May 1980.

          Song Tiebo    Independent non-executive director of the Company, a member of the Strategy
                        Committee of the Board, a member of the Remuneration and Assessment
                        Committee of the Board, a member of the Nomination Committee of the Board
                        and a member of the Audit Committee of the Board. He is a professor and
                        doctoral tutor of the China Enterprises Strategic Management Research Center
                        of the South China University of Technology. He has been focusing on teaching
                        and researching in the field of enterprise strategic management for a long
                        time. He has recently focused on the research on the collaborative evolution of
                        Chinese enterprises strategies and institutional environment. Mr. Song currently
                        serves as an independent non-executive director of Guangdong Xinbao Electrical
                        Appliances Holdings Co., Ltd., Guangzhou Zhujiang Brewery Group Co., Ltd.
                        and Guangdong Sky Dragon Technology Group Co., Ltd. He graduated from
                        South China University of Technology as an undergraduate with a bachelor’s
                        degree in inorganic nonmetallic materials science and engineering in June 1988.
                        In December 1993, he graduated from South China University of Technology as
                        a postgraduate with a master’s degree in management science and engineering,
                        and graduated from South China University of Technology as a postgraduate
                        with a doctorate degree in enterprise management in July 2005.



120
           Profiles of Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees




Name            Main work experiences

Chen Xiaomu     Director of the Company, deputy party secretary and the head of party
                work department (黨群工作本部本部長) of the Company. Mr. Chen is also a
                director of GAIG. He served as the head of human resources department of
                the Company, the party secretary, secretary to the disciplinary committee,
                chairman of labour union and the director of GAC Mitsubishi, and the
                director of GAC Mitsubishi Sales Co., Ltd. (廣 汽 三 菱 汽 車 銷 售 有 限 公 司).
                He graduated from Jilin University of Technology majoring in international
                trade in 1999 as an undergraduate with a bachelor’s degree in engineering.
                In 2011, Mr. Chen graduated from the School of Business Administration,
                South China University of Technology majoring in business administration
                as a postgraduate with a master’s degree in business administration. He
                graduated from Jilin University majoring in business administration in 2018 as
                a postgraduate with a doctorate degree in management.

Chen Maoshan    Director of the Company (staff representative) and chairman of the labour
                union of the Company. Mr. Chen is also a director (staff representative),
                general manager and chairman of the labour union of GAIG, chairman of
                GAC Mitsubishi, chairman of GAC Mitsubishi Sales and chairman of Wuyang-
                Honda. He acted as deputy general manager of the Company from March
                2011 to June 2013, and deputy director of the Executive Committee of the
                Company from June 2013 to February 2015. Prior to this, Mr. Chen acted
                as the head of general affair department of GAC Honda, deputy general
                manager of Honda Automobile (China) Co., Ltd., deputy general manager
                of Guangzhou Motorcycle Group Co., Ltd., managing director and standing
                deputy general manager of Wuyang-Honda and the chairman of GAC
                Component.

Chen Jun        Director of the Company and a member of the Strategy Committee of the
                Board, the vice president of Wanxiang Group Corporation Ltd. (萬向集團公司)
                and president of Wanxiang 123 Holdings Co., Ltd. He served as president
                of the Research Institute of Wanxiang Group Corporation Ltd., assistant to
                general manager of Wanxiang Electric Vehicle Development Centre (萬向電
                動汽車開發中心), general manager of Wanxiang Electric Vehicle Co., Ltd. (萬
                向電動汽車有限公司) and general manager of Shangwan New Energy Bus
                Co., Ltd. (上萬新能源客車有限公司). Mr. Chen graduated from Xi’an Jiaotong
                University (西安交通大學) in engineering mechanics in 1997 and from Wuhan
                Automotive Industry University (武 漢 汽 車 工 業 大 學) in engineering and
                automobile (master’s degree) in 2000, and obtained a doctoral degree in
                automotive engineering from Wuhan University of Technology (武漢理工大學)
                in 2003.



                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   121
      Profiles of Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees


          Name             Main work experiences

          Ding Hongxiang   Director of the Company, a member of the Strategy Committee of the Board,
                           a member of the Remuneration and Assessment Committee of the Board,
                           and a member of the Nomination Committee of the Board, and deputy
                           general manager of China National Machinery Industry Corporation Limited
                           (中國機械工業集團有限公司). Mr. Ding is vice president of China Association
                           of Automobile Manufacturers, vice president of Society of Automotive
                           Engineers of China. Mr. Ding graduated from Huazhong University of Science
                           and Technology (undergraduate) in 1986, and obtained a master’s degree
                           and a doctoral degree in western economics from Huazhong Institute of
                           Technology in 1989 and Huazhong University of Science and Technology in
                           2011, respectively.

          Han Ying         Director of the Company, the chairman and party secretary of Guangzhou
                           Industrial Investment Fund Management Co., Ltd. (廣 州 產 業 投 資 基 金 管
                           理 有 限 公 司). He served in Guangdong Yuegang Water Supply Co., Ltd.
                           from August 2006 to July 2007, and was previously the vice director of
                           listing office, vice president, and vice president of Beijing branch of Jinzhou
                           Bank Co., Ltd. from August 2007 to July 2011, vice chairman of Shenzhen
                           Tatfook Peitian Investment Co., Ltd. (深 圳 大 富 配 天 投 資 有 限 公 司) from
                           August 2011 to March 2013. He has successively served as the general
                           manager, chairman and party secretary of Guangzhou Industrial Investment
                           Fund Management Co., Ltd. since March 2013. Mr. Han graduated from
                           Guanghua School of Management of Peking University in July 2006 with a
                           master’s degree in business administration.

          Chen Tian        Supervisor of the Company. She was a designated supervisor of Guangzhou
                           Communication Investment Group Co., Ltd., a senior staff of the supervision
                           office, office and legal department of the Guangzhou Municipal Commission
                           of Commerce (Guangzhou Foreign Trade and Economic Cooperation
                           Bureau). She graduated from Sun Yat-sen University majoring in law
                           (undergraduate) in 2002 and a master’s degree in economic law from Sun
                           Yat-sen University in 2008.




122
            Profiles of Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees




Name             Main work experiences

Long Yong        Supervisor of the Company. He is also the head of planning and
                 development department of Guangzhou Industrial Investment Holdings Group
                 (廣州工業投資控股集團有限公司). He previously served as the deputy officer
                 and the officer of the Guangzhou Non-ferrous Metals Group (廣州有色金屬
                 集團), the secretary of the board, officer of the board office and officer of
                 the company office of Guangzhou Iron & Steel Enterprises Group. Mr. Long
                 graduated from Hengyang branch of Hunan University (湖南大學衡陽分校) in
                 1995 and graduated with a major in economics from the Graduate School of
                 Party School of the Central Committee of C.P.C. in 2011.

Wang Junyang     Supervisor of the Company. He is also the chief financial officer of
                 Guangzhou Chime-Long Group Co., Ltd. Since March 2011, he has worked
                 in Guangzhou Chime-Long Group Co., Ltd., and served as deputy financial
                 manager, management accounting manager and deputy group chief financial
                 officer. Mr. Wang was a senior audit manager and a signatory accountant for
                 listed companies of BDO China Li Xin Da Hua CPA Co., Ltd. He graduated
                 from Zhongnan University of Economics and Law and obtained a bachelor’s
                 degree in business administration in January 2006.

Shi Lei          Supervisor of the Company. He is also a member of the disciplinary
                 committee, the deputy secretary, the director of the disciplinary committee
                 and the general office of the commissioner of discipline inspection office of
                 the Company. He previously served as the deputy secretary of the party
                 committee, secretary of the disciplinary committee and chairman of the
                 labor union of GAMC (Hangzhou) and the assistant to the general manager,
                 director of the party committee office and director of the office of GAMC.
                 Mr. Shi graduated from the Department of Business Administration of
                 Huazhong University of Science and Technology with a bachelor’s degree in
                 engineering, majoring in industrial engineering and management in July 1996,
                 and obtained a master’s degree in business administration from Sun Yat-sen
                 University in July 2002.




                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   123
      Profiles of Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees


          Name          Main work experiences

          Wang Lu       Staff representative supervisor of the Company, deputy chairwoman of the
                        labour union, auditing officer and chairwoman of the headquarters of the
                        labour union of the Company. With a bachelor’s degree, she joined the
                        Group in 1992 and had been a member of the public relations division of the
                        general manager’s office of Guangzhou Peugot Automobile Company (廣州
                        標緻汽車有限公司) and Guangzhou Sedan Co., Ltd. (廣州轎車有限公司) and
                        an officer of the labour union, a member and the chairwoman of the branch
                        of the labour union, a party branch member and secretary and the head of
                        the female workers union of GAC Honda, the deputy head of the office of
                        the labour union of the Company and chairwoman of the labour union of the
                        headquarter.

          Huang Zhuo    Supervisor of the Company, deputy head of each of the audit department
                        and the risk control department of the Company. He concurrently acts as
                        chairman of the supervisory committee of GAC Finance, a supervisor of
                        GAC Capital, GAC Honda Automobile Sales Co., Ltd. (廣汽本田汽車銷售有
                        限公司) and GAC BYD, and a member of the audit committee of the GAC-
                        SOFINCO. Mr. Huang previously served as the chief financial officer of GAEI
                        and the audit manager of KPMG Huazhen LLP Guangzhou branch. In 2007,
                        he graduated from the University of Wollongong majoring in accounting and
                        obtained a postgraduate degree and a master’s degree in accounting.

          Wu Song       Standing deputy general manager and a member of the Executive Committee
                        of the Company. He is also currently the chairman of GAC Toyota, GAC
                        Toyota Sales, vice chairman of GAC Toyota Engine, a director of GAMC
                        and GAC AION and co-chairman of GAC Nio. Mr. Wu joined the Company
                        in August 2002 and acted as deputy general manager of the Company
                        from 2007 to June 2013. He was a director of the Company from February
                        2015 to August 2017. Mr. Wu has held positions as a director and deputy
                        general manager of Wuyang-Honda, a director of GAC Toyota and director
                        and deputy general manager of GAC Toyota Engine, chairman and general
                        manager of GAMC, a director of GAC FCA, chairman of GAMC (Hangzhou)
                        and vice chairman of Tong Fang Logistics. Mr. Wu previously acted as
                        director and general manager of Yegang Group Co., Ltd. Mr. Wu obtained
                        a bachelor’s degree in engineering of Mechanical No. 1 Department from
                        Engineering Institute of Central China (now known as Huazhong University
                        of Science and Technology) in July 1984. He graduated from Xi’an
                        Jiaotong University majoring in industrial engineering in 1989. He is a senior
                        economist.



124
          Profiles of Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees




Name           Main work experiences

Li Shao        Deputy general manager and a member of Executive Committee of the
               Company. He is also chairman of GAC Honda and GAC Honda Sales and a
               director of GAMC and GAC AION. He joined GAC Group in June 1997 and
               has been the deputy general manager of the Company since 2007. Prior
               to this, Mr. Li had served as director of automobile planning department
               of Guangzhou municipal government, head of investment department and
               foreign economics, office director, assistant to general manager and deputy
               general manager of Guangzhou Automobile Group (廣州汽車集團), deputy
               party secretary of Guangzhou Junwei Bus (廣 州 駿 威 客 車), assistant to
               general manager and deputy general manager of GAIG, director of GAC
               Toyota, a director and an executive deputy general manager of GAC Hino,
               chairman of GAC Component and Wuyang-Honda etc. Mr. Li graduated
               from South China University of Technology and obtained a bachelor’s degree
               in engineering in metal material and heat treatment in July 1985 and he
               also obtained a master’s degree in business administration from the Open
               University of Hong Kong in June 2002.

Yan Zhuangli   Deputy general manager and a member of the Executive Committee of the
               Company. He is also the chairman of GAC FCA and Zhicheng Industry, a
               director of GAMC and GAC AION. He previously served as a director and
               the deputy party secretary of the Company, a director of GAIG, the chairman
               of GAC Business, the party secretary, secretary of the disciplinary committee
               and chairman of the labour union of GAC Toyota, a director of GAC Honda,
               the chairman of GAC Component and a director of GAC Hino. He has
               successively studied in the department of social sciences of Central South
               Industrial University and the master of business administration in the School
               of Management of Sun Yat-sen University, and obtained a university diploma,
               a bachelor’s degree in law and a master’s degree in business administration,
               respectively. He is a senior economist.




                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   125
      Profiles of Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees


          Name          Main work experiences

          Wang Dan      Deputy general manager, chief financial officer, and a member of the
                        Executive Committee of the Company. She is also chairwoman of GAC-
                        SOFINCO, GAC Finance and Guangyue assets and a director of GAMC and
                        GAC AION. Ms. Wang joined GAC Group in March 1999, and has been the
                        Company’s chief financial officer and financial controller since 2005. Prior to
                        this, Ms. Wang served in the financial audit department of Guangzhou Junda
                        Automobile Enterprise Group (廣州駿達汽車企業集團) and was the deputy
                        head of the financial audit division of the Guangzhou Automobile Group Ltd.
                        (廣州汽車集團有限公司), and the chairwoman of the supervisory committees
                        of GAMC, GAC Changfeng and GAC AION. Ms. Wang graduated from the
                        Sun Yat-Sen University with a bachelor’s degree in July 1992 and the School
                        of Management of Zhongshan University with a senior executive master’s
                        degree in business administration in June 2005. She is a senior accountant
                        and non-practicing registered accountant.

          Gao Rui       Deputy general manager, a member of the Executive Committee and the
                        head of the public relations and publicity department of the Company.
                        He also acts as the chairman of Guangzhou Chenqi Mobility Technology
                        Co., Ltd. (廣州宸祺出行科技有限公司) and Guangzhou Chenqi Automobile
                        Service Co., Ltd. (廣州宸祺汽車服務有限公司). He served as the head of
                        the assets management department of the Company, the chairman and
                        general manager of China Lounge Investments and Guangzhou Auto Group
                        (Hong Kong) Limited, a director and general manager of Denway Motors
                        and a director of GAC Component. He studied at the National University of
                        South Australia in business administration and obtained a master’s degree in
                        business administration.




126
         Profiles of Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees




Name          Main work experiences

Chen Hanjun   Deputy general manager and a member of the Executive Committee of the
              Company. He is also the chairman of GAC Hino and a director of GAC
              Toyota. Prior to this, Mr. Chen served as the department head of investment
              management department and assistant of general manager of Guangzhou
              Junda Automobile Group, the chairman of Guangzhou Huade Automobile
              Spring Co., Ltd., the general manager of Guangzhou Automobile Technology
              Centre, the party secretary, a director and executive deputy general
              manager of GAC Hino and chairman of GAC Hino (Shenyang) Motors Co.,
              Ltd., Shanghai Hino and GAC BYD. He graduated from the department
              of mechanical engineering of South China University of Technology with
              a bachelor’s degree in engineering in 1984. He graduated from School of
              Business Administration of South China University of Technology in 1989,
              majoring in industrial management, with a graduate diploma and a master’s
              degree in business administration. He went to the University of Coventry to
              study advanced manufacturing management technology in 2000. He is a
              senior economist.

Sui Li        Secretary of the Board (company secretary) and the head of the financing
              business department of the Company, and chairwoman of GAC Capital. Prior to
              this, she had served as the deputy head of the securities department, head
              of the investment department and head (senior assistant level) of the office
              of the Board of the Company and a director of GAC Changfeng. She had
              served as regional general manager of Guangzhou district in the investment
              banking department of GF Securities Co., Ltd. (廣發證券股份有限公司) and
              the Office Secretariat of Guangzhou City People’s Government (廣州市人民
              政府辦公廳秘書處). She graduated from Jinan University in March 2001 with
              a master’s degree in business administration and graduated from the Macau
              University of Science and Technology in June 2011 as a postgraduate with a
              doctorate degree in business administration. She is a senior economist and
              a Guangzhou high-level financial talent (senior management talent).




                                             Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   127
      Profiles of Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees


          Name           Main work experiences

          Jiang Xiuyun   Chief accountant of the Company. She once served as a staff representative
                         supervisor, deputy head of compliance department, head of risk control
                         department and head (senior assistant level) of the audit department of the
                         Company, chairman of the supervisory committees of Guangzhou Zhicheng
                         Industry Co., Ltd. and Guangzhou Guangyue Assets Administration Co.,
                         Ltd. (廣州廣悅資產管理有限公司), director of the financial tax audit office
                         of the Audit Bureau of Guangzhou Municipality (廣州市審計局財政稅務審計
                         處). In 1988, she graduated with specialisation in auditing from the school of
                         accounting of Guangdong University of Business Studies (廣東商學院) and
                         obtained a diploma. In 2002, she graduated with a major in economics from
                         Xiamen University and obtained a bachelor’s degree.




128
                          Profiles of Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees




II.   TERMS OF OFFICE OF INCUMBENT AND RESIGNED DIRECTORS,
      SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT DURING THE REPORTING
      PERIOD

      (I)   TERM OF OFFICE IN SHAREHOLDERS’ UNITS
                                                                       Position held in              Commencement Expiry date
            Name of staff          Name of shareholders’ unit          shareholders’ unit            date of term of term

            Zeng Qinghong          GAIG                                Chairman                      October 2016
            Feng Xingya            GAIG                                Director                      August 2017
            Chen Xiaomu            GAIG                                Director                      March 2020
            Chen Maoshan           GAIG                                Director and Chairman of      March 2015
                                                                         the Labour Union
            Chen Maoshan           GAIG                                General Manager               June 2019
            Yan Zhuangli           GAIG                                Director                      August 2017         March 2020
            Yan Zhuangli           GAIG                                Deputy Party Secretary        October 2017        March 2020
            Ding Hongxiang         China Industry National             Deputy General Manager        August 2011
                                     Corporation Machinery Limited
            Han Ying               Guangzhou Industrial Investment Chairman and Party                January 2016
                                     Fund Management Co., Ltd.       Secretary
            Wang Junyang           Guangzhou Chime-Long Group Chief Financial Officer                August 2018
                                     Co., Ltd.
            Wu Song                GAIG                            Director                          June 2019


            Term of office in shareholders’ units   If expiry date of term is not stated, the appointment of the staff will continue and
                                                       there is no fixed expiry date of term.




                                                                            Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020      129
      Profiles of Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees


      (II)   TERM OF OFFICE IN OTHER UNITS
                                                                                Position held                 Commencement          Expiry date
             Name of staff          Name of other unit                          in other unit                 date of term          of term
             Zeng Qinghong          Guangdong Automobile Industry Association President                  March 2009                 September 2020
             Zeng Qinghong          Energy-saving and New energy Automotive Member                       November 2016
                                       Technology Roadmap Steering
                                       Committee
             Zeng Qinghong          Guangzhou Headquarters Economy             President                 November 2016
                                       Association
             Zeng Qinghong          China Association of Automobile            Vice President            March 2015
                                       Manufacturers
             Zeng Qinghong          Society of Automotive Engineers of         Honorary President        February 2015
                                       Guangdong Province
             Zeng Qinghong          China Tendering and Bidding Association Standing Director            February 2015
             Feng Xingya            Guangdong Automobile Industry Association President                  September 2020
             Zhao Fuquan            BAIC Motor Corporation Limited             Independent non-executive December 2014
                                                                                  director
             Xiao Shengfang         Guangdong Lawyers Association              Chairman                  December 2016
             Xiao Shengfang         Guangzhou Lingnan International Enterprise Independent non-executive March 2015
                                       Group Co., Ltd.                            director
             Xiao Shengfang         Guangzhou Municipal Construction Group Independent non-executive January 2020
                                       Co., Ltd.                                  director
             Xiao Shengfang         Guangdong Fenghua High-tech Co., Ltd. Independent non-executive November 2020
                                                                                  director
             Xiao Shengfang         Kingfa Technology Co., Ltd.                Independent non-executive January 2021
                                                                                  director
             Wong Hakkun            Haier Smart Home Co., Ltd.                 Independent non-executive June 2020
                                                                                  director
             Wong Hakkun            Yue Yuen Industrial (Holdings) Limited     Independent non-executive June 2018
                                                                                  director
             Wong Hakkun            Lung Kee (Bermuda) Holdings Limited        Independent non-executive June 2018
                                                                                  director
             Wong Hakkun            Zhejiang Cangnan Instrument Group          Independent non-executive June 2018
                                       Company Limited                            director
             Song Tiebo             Guangzhou Zhujiang Brewery Group Co., Independent non-executive October 2016
                                       Ltd.                                       director
             Song Tiebo             Guangdong Sky Dragon Technology Group Independent non-executive July 2019
                                       Co., Ltd.                                  director
             Song Tiebo             Guangdong Xinbao Electrical Appliances Independent non-executive August 2020
                                       Co., Ltd.                                  director
             Chen Jun               Wanxiang Group Co., Ltd.                   Vice President            November 2017
             Chen Jun               Wanxiang 123 Holdings Co., Ltd.            President                 December 2019
             Ding Hongxiang         China Association of Automobile            Vice President            May 2015
                                       Manufacturers
             Ding Hongxiang         China Society of Automotive Engineers      Vice President            November 2017


             Term of office in other units               If expiry date of term is not stated, the appointment of the staff will continue and there is
                                                         no fixed expiry date of term.




130
                    Profiles of Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees




III. REMUNERATION FOR DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR
     MANAGEMENT
   Decision-making procedures for the remuneration   The Remuneration and Assessment Committee of
    of the directors, supervisors and senior         the Board conducted appraisal of the remuneration
    management                                       of the senior management of the Company and
                                                     formulated the incentive program, which shall be
                                                     implemented after the approval of the Board. The
                                                     allowance for independent non-executive directors
                                                     is implemented after the approval of the Board
                                                     and the general meeting. The remuneration of
                                                     other directors and supervisors is determined in
                                                     accordance with the related remuneration policy of
                                                     the Company.

   Basis for determination of the remuneration       The remuneration of independent non-executive
    of the directors, supervisors and senior         directors is implemented in accordance with
    management                                       the plan approved at the general meeting; the
                                                     remuneration of other directors and supervisors are
                                                     determined by both the formulated remuneration
                                                     policy of the Company and the yearly assessment
                                                     results. The remuneration of senior management
                                                     is determined in accordance with the relevant
                                                     assessment program combined with the annual
                                                     results of the Company and their individual
                                                     performance.

   Actual payment of the remuneration of the         The remuneration of independent non-executive
    directors, supervisors and senior management     directors is implemented in accordance with the
                                                     plan approved at the general meeting; no other
                                                     directors or supervisors have received remuneration
                                                     from the Company merely in their capacity as
                                                     directors or supervisors; the remuneration of senior
                                                     management is implemented upon review and
                                                     consideration by the Board and in accordance with
                                                     relevant regulatory policies.

   Total remuneration paid to all directors,         RMB23.6678 million
    supervisors and senior management as at the
    end of the reporting period




                                                          Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   131
      Profiles of Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees


  IV. CHANGES OF DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
      OF THE COMPANY
      Name              Position                   Way of Change   Reason for change

      Chen Xiaomu       Director                   Election        By-election
      Fu Yuwu           Independent                Resignation     Ceased to be an independent
                          Non-executive Director                     non-executive director after
                                                                     expiry of a term of six years
      Lan Hailin        Independent                Resignation     Ceased to be an independent
                          Non-executive Director                     non-executive director after
                                                                     expiry of a term of six years
      Leung Lincheong   Independent                Resignation     Ceased to be an independent
                          Non-executive Director                     non-executive director after
                                                                     expiry of a term of six years
      Wang Susheng      Independent                Resignation     Ceased to be an independent
                          Non-executive Director                     non-executive director after the
                                                                     expiry of a term of six years
      Zhao Fuquan       Independent                Election        Elected as an independent
                          Non-executive Director                     non-executive director at the
                                                                     general meeting
      Xiao Shengfang    Independent                Election        Elected as an independent
                          Non-executive Director                     non-executive director at the
                                                                     general meeting
      Wong Hakkun       Independent                Election        Elected as an independent
                          Non-executive Director                     non-executive director at the
                                                                     general meeting
      Song Tiebo        Independent                Election        Elected as an independent
                          Non-executive Director                     non-executive director at the
                                                                     general meeting
      He Jinpei         Supervisor                 Resignation     Ceased to be a staff
                                                                     representative supervisor due to
                                                                     change of position
      Shi Lei           Supervisor                 Election        Elected as a staff representative
                                                                     supervisor at the staff
                                                                     representatives’ meeting
      Ji Li             Chairman of the            Resignation     Ceased to be the chairman of the
                         supervisory committee                       supervisory committee due to
                                                                     change of position
      Jiang Xiuyun      Supervisor                 Resignation     Ceased to be a staff
                                                                     representative supervisor due to
                                                                     change of position
      Jiang Xiuyun      Chief accountant           Appointment     Appointed as chief accountant by
                                                                     the Board
      Huang Zhuo        Supervisor                 Election        Elected as a staff representative
                                                                     supervisor at the staff
                                                                     representatives’ meeting




132
                       Profiles of Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees




V.   INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS OR SUPERVISORS IN CONTRACTS
     None of the directors or supervisors has entered into any service contract with the Company or any of its
     subsidiaries, which is not determinable by the Group within one year without payment of compensation
     (other than statutory compensation).


     No transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance in relation to the Group’s business to which the
     Company or any of its subsidiaries was a party and in which a director or a supervisor and a connected
     entity of a director or a supervisor had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the
     end of the year or at any time during the year.



VI. PUNISHMENTS IMPOSED BY SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITIES
    IN THE LAST THREE YEARS
     □Applicable    ✓ N/A




                                                                 Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   133
      Profiles of Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees


  VII. EMPLOYEE INFORMATION                          OF      THE       COMPANY             AND       MAJOR
       SUBSIDIARIES

      (1)   EMPLOYEES
            Number of existing employees of the parent company                                             267
            Number of existing employees of major subsidiaries Note                                     93,478
            Total number of existing employees                                                          93,745
            Number of employees resigned or retired the pension of which the parent
             company and major subsidiaries had to be responsible for                                    1,545


            Professional composition
                                                                                                     Number of
            Category of professional composition                                                     employees
            Production personnel                                                                       55,360
            Salesperson                                                                                  5,665
            Technician                                                                                 14,592
            Financial staff                                                                              1,810
            Administrative staff                                                                         4,293
            Finance and insurance                                                                        1,785
            Others                                                                                     10,240
            Total                                                                                      93,745


            Education level
                                                                                                     Number of
            Category of education level                                                              employees
            Doctorate                                                                                      147
            Master’s degree                                                                              4,399
            Undergraduate (including double bachelor’s degree)                                         22,028
            Tertiary                                                                                   18,544
            Secondary school and below                                                                 48,627
            Total                                                                                      93,745

            Note: The number of employees of joint ventures and associated companies are included.




134
                 Profiles of Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees




(2)   REMUNERATION POLICY
      Based on its development plan, the Group strengthened macro-management of remuneration,
      and attached importance to maintaining the market competitiveness of its remuneration level. By
      studying and analysing the market remuneration data, CPI growth rate and industry benchmark, it
      reviewed its remuneration level and popularised a salary negotiation mechanism, so as to ensure
      that the remuneration system plays an incentive role in retaining talents.


      In accordance with the requirements of the relevant remuneration determination mechanism of the
      senior departments, the Group has implemented record-keeping and liquidation management in
      respect of the total wage budget, in order to realise the link between the total wages and economic
      indicators as well as the labour efficiency indicators.


      It advocated the implementation of performance-linked remuneration policy and continuously
      improved the performance appraisal mechanism, individual performance appraisal measures, and
      employee promotion system, and formulated remuneration policies that provide incentives and
      restraints.


      Timely and full contributions to various social insurances were made in accordance with the
      requirements of national and provincial laws and regulations on labour and social security to timely
      safeguard the interests of the employees. The Group also purchased supplementary medical and
      other commercial insurances for its staff to further protect and safeguard their interests and health
      beyond the requirements of policies and regulations.


      The Group will further improve the Company’s remuneration system in terms of incentive and retaining
      talents. Timely and full contributions to pension insurance, medical insurance, injury insurance,
      unemployment insurance, maternity insurance, housing fund and other statutory benefits schemes
      will be made. Investee enterprises under the Group are encouraged to further enhance the flexibility
      and protection of staff benefit system.




                                                          Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   135
      Profiles of Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees


      (3)   TRAINING PROGRAM
            During the reporting period, the Group implemented the work policy of “responding to the pandemic,
            focusing on key points, continuously tapping potential, improving quality and efficiency” in staff
            training, strived for the goal of “continuously training and providing high-quality talents to facilitate
            the realisation of the Group’s strategic objectives”, actively responded to the negative impact of the
            COVID-19 pandemic on talent training, deeply exploited internal training resources, innovated and
            enriched training methods, and effectively and efficiently utilised government supporting policies to
            help enterprises resume work and production. An annual aggregate number of training attendance
            was 846,100.


            In 2021, the Group will continue to carry out its staff training in accordance with the work policy,
            benchmarked against world-class companies, and guided by the Group’s “14th Five-Year Plan” and
            the planning blueprint of GAC University (Party School), to establish broad platforms and professional
            guidance, so as to provide strong talent support for the strategic implementation of the Group.



      (4)   LABOUR OUTSOURCING
            Total working hours of labour outsourcing                                               18,868,000
            Total remuneration paid for labour outsourcing                                      RMB892,736,447

            Note: including joint ventures and associated enterprises.




136
                     Profiles of Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees




VIII. OTHERS

   PRODUCTION SAFETY
   In 2020, the Group persisted in following the guidance of Xi Jinping’s new era of socialism with Chinese
   characteristics, adhered to General Secretary Xi Jinping’s instruction of “party and government sharing the
   same responsibility, one post with dual responsibilities, joint control and management and accountability
   for dereliction of duty”, and upheld the idea of “people-oriented and safe development”. In accordance
   with the annual production safety target control indicator plan approved by the Board, the Group closely
   focused on the major tasks of production safety and pandemic prevention and control, and strictly
   performed the main responsibility of enterprises for production safety. The Group continuously deepened the
   construction of safety management system, carried out in-depth production safety objective management
   and assessment, strengthened risk management and control and the treatment of hidden hazards, and
   promoted the implementation of main responsibility of the investee enterprises for production safety.


   During the reporting period, the Group had experienced no major (or above) safety production accidents,
   and its production remained generally safe and was in an orderly manner.


   In 2021, the Group will continue to promote all investee enterprises to further implement the main
   responsibility of enterprises for production safety, and improve the production safety responsibility system
   and institutional system; continue to implement production safety responsibility objective management, and
   continuously improve the enterprise safety production responsibility system; deepen the standardisation
   of safety production standard of enterprises; devote greater efforts to carry out safety informatisation and
   promote the construction of the Group’s safety informatisation management system platform; earnestly
   carry out the construction of a dual prevention mechanism for enterprise safety risk grading management
   and control and investigations and rectification of hidden hazards, and strictly implement accident treatment
   and accountability to prevent the occurrence of major safety accidents.




                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   137
         Report of the Directors


  The Board is pleased to submit the report of the directors together with the audited consolidated financial
  statements for the year ended 31 December 2020.



  DIRECTORS AND SUPERVISORS
  The details of the directors and supervisors of the Company for the year are set out in the paragraph titled
  “Changes in Shareholding and Remuneration” under Chapter 6 – “Profiles of Directors, Supervisors, Senior
  Management and Employees” of this report. Such section forms part of this report of the directors.



  PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
  Information of the principal activities of the Company for the year is set out in Chapter 1 – “Corporate Profile
  and Summary of Business” of this report. Such section forms part of this report of the directors.



  PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISIONS
  The Company has arranged appropriate liability insurance cover for its directors and relevant management
  personnel during the reporting period.



  MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
  No contract concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business
  of the Company was entered into during the year.



  BUSINESS REVIEW

  1.    BUSINESS PERFORMANCE, PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES AND FUTURE
        DEVELOPMENT
        The discussion on the business performance, principal risks and uncertainties and future development
        of the Group, as well as the analysis of financial key performance indicators of the Group are set out in
        Chapter 3 – “Discussion and Analysis on Operation” of this report. Such sections form part of this report
        of the directors.




138
                                                                                         Report of the Directors




2.   SIGNIFICANT EVENTS SUBSEQUENT TO THE REPORTING PERIOD
     Nil



3.   ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE
     The Group always adheres to the development concept of green development, energy conservation and
     emission reduction and considers environmental protection as an important task for enterprises. The Group
     strictly complies with various environmental laws and regulations, adheres to the scientific development
     concept as guidance, strengthens the responsibility system for environmental protection targets, and
     increases efforts in energy conservation and emission reduction, actively promotes energy conservation
     and emission reduction from technical innovation, production organisation and daily management. The
     environmental protection facilities are in normal, stable and continuous operation with satisfactory treatment
     results. No major environmental pollution incidents occurred.


     The Group strictly abides by various environmental protection laws and regulations stipulated by the
     Government and strictly controls all kinds of pollutants generated. The Group strictly implements the
     environmental impact assessment system and the “Three Simultaneous” system during the project
     construction (the environmental protection facilities must be designed, constructed and commenced
     operation with the construction project simultaneously).


     In order to conscientiously implement the national environmental protection and safety laws and regulations,
     ensure timely control after unexpected environmental incidents, prevent the spread and pollution of
     major accidents, effectively organise post-incident relief and rescue, and protect the personal safety of
     employees and the safety of the Company’s properties, pursuant to the relevant documents such as
     the National Environmental Emergency Plan, and the actual situation of the enterprise, in line with the
     principle of “focus on prevention, focus on self-help, unified command, division of labour”, the Group
     has prepared corresponding emergency plans for unexpected environmental incidents, and notified the
     relevant environmental protection departments. The Group organises regular publicity and training within
     the enterprise and annual emergency drills and reviews which would improve the ability of enterprises
     to respond to unexpected environmental pollution accidents and prevent and control the occurrence of
     environmental pollution accidents effectively.


     In order to consciously fulfill the obligations to environmental protection, the Group actively accepts social
     supervision, and develops self-monitoring programs in accordance with the requirements of national
     construction regulations and standards. All the monitoring results have met the standard.




                                                                 Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   139
         Report of the Directors


  4.    LAWS AND REGULATIONS THAT HAVE A SIGNIFICANT IMPACT ON THE COMPANY
        The Company strictly complies with domestic and overseas laws and regulations and industrial standards
        such as the Listing Rules, the SSE Listing Rules, the SFO, the Company Law, the Securities Law and the
        Regulations on the Supervision and Administration of Securities Companies.



  5.    KEY RELATIONSHIPS
        Information regarding the Company’s key relationships with its employees, customers and suppliers is
        set out in the paragraph titled “Employee Information of the Company and Major Subsidiaries” under
        Chapter 6 – “Profiles of Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees” and in the paragraphs
        titled “Sale to major customers” and “Major suppliers” under Chapter 3 – “Discussion and Analysis on
        Operation” of this report.



  INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS AND SUPERVISORS
  During the period and at the end of the Company’s financial year, there were no arrangements whose objects
  are, or one of whose objects is, to enable directors and supervisors of the Company to acquire benefits in
  shares or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate.



  DONATIONS
  Details of charitable and other donations made by the Group during the year are set out in the paragraph titled
  “Fulfillment of Social Responsibility” under Chapter 4 – “Significant Events” of this report.




140
                                                                                          Report of the Directors




ISSUE OF SHARES
During the reporting period, as a result of conversion of A share convertible bonds, exercise of share options
granted under the share option incentive schemes and capitalisation of the capital reserve from profit distribution,
an aggregate of 111,989,276 A shares were increased.



ISSUE OF DEBENTURES, BONDS AND OTHER DEBT SECURITIES
The Company did not issue any debentures, bonds or other debt securities during the year.



EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS
No equity-linked agreement was entered into by the Company during the year. For the information of the equity-
linked agreements entered into by the Company in prior financial years, please refer to the paragraph titled
“Share Option Scheme, Employee Stock Ownership Scheme or Other Staff Incentives of the Company and
Their Impacts” under Chapter 4 – “Significant Events” of this report.



DIVIDENDS
During the year, an interim dividend of RMB0.03 per share (2019: RMB0.05) (tax inclusive) was distributed,
totalling approximately RMB307,137,874.14 (2019: approximately RMB511,885,377.05). The Board recommends
to distribute a final dividend of RMB0.15 per share (2019: RMB0.15) (tax inclusive) for the year ended 31
December 2020, totalling approximately RMB1,552,648,932.30 (2019: approximately RMB1,535,656,131.15).




                                                                  Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   141
         Report of the Directors


  REASONS FOR RESIGNATION
  During the year, no director or supervisor of the Company resigned or refused to stand for re-election in respect
  of which the Company had received a notice in writing from such director or supervisor specifying that the
  resignation or refusal is due to reasons relating to the affairs of the Company (whether or not other reasons
  are specified).



  DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ MATERIAL INTEREST IN TRANSACTIONS,
  ARRANGEMENTS AND CONTRACTS THAT ARE SIGNIFICANT IN RELATION
  TO THE COMPANY’S BUSINESS
  No transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance in relation to the Group’s business to which the
  Company or any of its subsidiaries was a party and in which a director or a supervisor and a connected entity
  of a director or a supervisor had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the
  year or at any time during the year.



  TAX RELIEF
  The Company is not aware of any relief from taxation available to shareholders by reason of their holdings in
  the shares.




                                                                               By order of the Board
                                                                       Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                 Zeng Qinghong
                                                                                     Chairman


  Guangzhou, the PRC, 25 March 2021




142
    Report of the Supervisory Committee


In 2020, the supervisory committee conducted its            (I)   THE  COMPOSITION       AND
work with the spirit of holding itself accountable to all         CHANGES OF THE SUPERVISORY
shareholders and duly performed its various duties and            COMMITTEE
obligations. All members of the supervisory committee
                                                                  On 21 September 2020, due to position change of
participated in the discussion in respect of the major
                                                                  He Jinpei, a former staff representative supervisor,
operation decisions of the Company, and supervised
                                                                  Shi Lei was elected as a new staff representative
the financial conditions and lawful operation of the
                                                                  supervisor at the staff representatives’ meeting;
Company and performance of directors and senior
                                                                  on 28 September 2020, Ji Li, the former
management according to law, through attending
                                                                  chairman of the supervisory committee, resigned
supervisory meetings, general meetings and Board
                                                                  as chairman of the supervisory committee due
meetings etc., in accordance with the Company
                                                                  to personal position change. On 3 February
Law, the Securities Law, the Listing Rules and the
                                                                  2021, due to position change of Jiang Xiuyun,
SSE Listing Rules and other laws and regulations
                                                                  a former staff representative supervisor, Huang
and the requirements of the Articles of Association,
                                                                  Zhuo was elected as a new staff representative
which enhanced the internal control and standardised
                                                                  supervisor at the staff representatives’ meeting;
operation of the Company.
                                                                  after the above changes, the fifth session of
                                                                  the supervisory committee of the Company
The supervisory committee was of the view that during
                                                                  comprises six supervisors, namely Chen Tian,
the reporting period, the standardised operation of
                                                                  Long Yong, Wang Junyang, Huang Zhuo
the Company was strictly in compliance with relevant
                                                                  (staff representative supervisor), Shi Lei (staff
laws and regulations such as the Listing Rules and the
                                                                  representative supervisor) and Wang Lu (staff
SSE Listing Rules and internal control systems such
                                                                  representative supervisor), with a vacancy of
as the Articles of Association, while the directors and
                                                                  one supervisor. The term of office of this session
senior management of the Company performed their
                                                                  of the supervisory committee will expire on 22
duties diligently and in compliance with the PRC laws
                                                                  August 2021.
and regulations, the Articles of Association and the
system, and effectively safeguarded the interests of
the Company and its shareholders. The work of the
supervisory committee during the year is reported as
follows:




                                                                  Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   143
      Report of the Supervisory Committee


  (II) BASIC EVALUATION OF THE                              (III) MEETINGS OF SUPERVISORY
       PERFORMANCE OF THE BOARD                                   COMMITTEE CONVENED
       AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT IN                                During the reporting period, the supervisory
       2020                                                    committee of the Company convened 9
                                                               supervisory meetings with the details as follows:
      The supervisory committee was of the view that
      the Board duly performed its operation in strict         1.    The 14th meeting of the 5th session of
      compliance with the requirements under the laws                the supervisory committee was held on
      and regulations including the Company Law, the                 31 March 2020, at which the following
      Articles of Association, the Listing Rules and the             resolutions were considered and approved:
      SSE Listing Rules etc. during the reporting period.
      During the reporting period, facing the double                 (1)    Resolution in respect of the annual
      challenges of the COVID-19 pandemic and the                           report and its summary of 2019;
      industry’s continuous downturn, the Company
      as a whole took various measures to tackle the                 (2)    Resolution in respect of the
      difficulties, and promoted pandemic prevention                        supervisory committee report of
      and control and production resumption and                             2019;
      capacity expansion in a coordinated way, and
      solidly proceeded with the smooth operation of                 (3)    Resolution in respect of the financial
      the “six priorities” and implement the mission of                     report of 2019;
      the “six stabilising forces”, thus achieved high-
      quality development.                                           (4)    Resolution in respect of the profit
                                                                            distribution plan of 2019;
      During the reporting period, the major business
      decision-making procedures of the Company                      (5)    Resolution in respect of the self-
      were legitimate and effective. The directors                          evaluation report on internal control
      and senior management of the Company duly                             of 2019;
      performed their duties seriously, proactively and
      normatively as well as in accordance with the                  (6)    Resolution in respect of internal
      PRC laws, regulations, the Articles of Association                    control audit report of 2019;
      and resolutions of the general meeting and of the
      Board. The supervisory committee had not found
      any acts of directors and senior management
      being in breach of laws and regulations and the
      Articles of Association or against the interests of
      the Company and the shareholders.




144
                                                      Report of the Supervisory Committee




     (7)    Resolution in respect of the report      4.     The 17th meeting of the 5th session of
            of deposit and the actual utilisation           supervisory committee was held on 28
            of proceeds from fund-raising                   August 2020, at which the following
            activities;                                     resolutions were considered and approved:


     (8)    Resolution in respect of the                    (1)      Resolution in respect of the interim
            appointment of auditors of 2020;                         report of 2020;


     (9)    Resolution    in   respect   of   the           (2)      Resolution in respect of the profit
            appointment of internal control                          distribution plan for the interim
            auditors of 2020;                                        period of 2020;


     (10)   Resolution in respect of utilisation            (3)      Resolution in respect of the report of
            of the remaining proceeds of                             deposit and utilisation of proceeds
            certain proceed-funded investment                        from fund-raising activities for the
            projects raised from the non-public                      first half of 2020.
            issuance of shares for permanent
            replenishment of working capital.        5.     The 18th meeting of the 5th session of
                                                            supervisory committee was held on 10
2.   The 15th meeting of the 5th session of                 September 2020, at which the resolution
     supervisory committee was held on 28                   in respect of the adjustment of the exercise
     April 2020, at which the resolution in                 price of the initial grant and reserved share
     respect of the first quarterly report of 2020          option of the second share option incentive
     was considered and approved.                           scheme was considered and approved.


3.   The 16th meeting of the 5th session of          6.     The 19th meeting of the 5th session of
     supervisory committee was held on 12                   supervisory committee was held on 24
     June 2020, at which the resolution in                  September 2020, at which the following
     respect of the adjustment of the exercise              resolutions were considered and approved:
     price of the initial grant and reserved share
     option of the second share option incentive            (1)      Resolution in respect of the 2020
     scheme was considered and approved.                             A Share Option and Restricted
                                                                     Share Incentive Scheme (draft) and
                                                                     summary;




                                                     Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   145
      Report of the Supervisory Committee


           (2)   Resolution in respect of the            (IV) INDEPENDENT OPINIONS OF
                 Appraisal Management Measures                THE SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE
                 for Implementation of the 2020 A             ON THE OPERATION OF THE
                 Share Option and Restricted Share            COMPANY
                 Incentive Scheme.
                                                            1.   OPERATION OF THE COMPANY
      7.   The 20th meeting of the 5th session of                IN ACCORDANCE WITH LAW
           supervisory committee was held on 29
                                                                 During the reporting period, the various
           October 2020, at which the resolution
                                                                 work of the Board and senior management
           in respect of the third quarterly report of
                                                                 of the Company were in compliance with
           2020 was considered and approved.
                                                                 the relevant requirements of the Company
                                                                 Law, the Securities Law, the Listing Rules,
      8.   The 21st meeting of the 5th session of
                                                                 the SSE Listing Rules, the Articles of
           supervisory committee was held on 6
                                                                 Association, the Rules of Procedures of
           November 2020, at which the resolution
                                                                 the Three Committees and the relevant
           in respect of the publication and review
                                                                 provisions of various internal control
           opinions on the list of grantees of the
                                                                 systems etc., and the decision-making
           2020 A Share Option and Restricted
                                                                 procedures were legitimate and effective.
           Share Incentive Scheme was considered
                                                                 Directors and senior management of the
           and approved.
                                                                 Company performed in a diligent and
                                                                 responsible manner and the resolutions
      9.   The 22nd meeting of the 5th session of
                                                                 of the general meetings and the Board
           supervisory committee was held on 4
                                                                 meetings were implemented faithfully. No
           December 2020, at which the following
                                                                 acts were found to be in breach of laws
           resolutions were considered and approved:
                                                                 and regulations, the Articles of Association
                                                                 and against the interests of the Company.
           (1)   Resolution in respect of the matters
                                                                 Meanwhile, the Company has timely
                 related to the grant under the “2020
                                                                 performed its disclosure obligations in
                 A Share Option and Restricted
                                                                 strict compliance with the requirements
                 Share Incentive Scheme”;
                                                                 of the Listing Rules and the SSE Listing
                                                                 Rules. During the reporting period, the
           (2)   Resolution in respect of the matters
                                                                 supervisory committee has reviewed and
                 related to the cancellation of the
                                                                 given opinions in relation to the equity
                 second exercise period of the initial
                                                                 incentive scheme.
                 grant and the exercise of the first
                 exercise period of reserved share
                 option of the second share option
                 incentive scheme.



146
                                                      Report of the Supervisory Committee




2.   INTERNAL CONTROL AND RISK                        3.     FINANCIAL CONDITIONS OF THE
     MANAGEMENT                                              COMPANY
     Pursuant to the requirements of the Basic               The supervisory committee examined
     Principles for Internal Control of Enterprise           the financial conditions of the Company
     and supplemental guidelines, the Company                seriously and carefully and reviewed the
     consistently carried out its self-assessment            2019 annual financial report and the first
     on comprehensive risk management and                    quarterly report, interim report and the
     internal control. During the reporting period,          third quarterly report of 2020 during the
     the Company continued to strengthen the                 reporting period, and considered the
     implementation of internal control, enhance             profit distribution plan implemented by
     the supervision and inspection on internal              the Company during the reporting period.
     control by the internal audit team, and
     make targeted internal control diagnosis                The supervisory committee considered
     and improvement in high-risk sectors                    that the financial reports of the Company
     and fields of business management. At                   gave a full, true and objective view of the
     the same time, the Company closely                      operation results and financial conditions
     tracked key risk areas by conducting                    of the Company, persons participating in
     risk interviews, risk research and industry             the preparation and examination of the
     benchmarking, so as to improve the                      annual report were not found to have acted
     accuracy of risk assessment and formulate               in breach of the rules of confidentiality; the
     targeted risk management measures                       financial report with unqualified opinions
     to enhance the level of prevention and                  issued by the auditing firm was objective
     response to different types of risks and                and fair.
     challenges, and ensure the realisation of
     corporate objectives.


     The supervisory committee has reviewed
     the “Evaluation Report on Internal
     Control of the Company for 2020” and
     the establishment and implementation of
     internal control policies of the Company,
     and approved the “Evaluation Report on
     Internal Control of the Company for 2020”
     as prepared by the Board.




                                                      Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   147
      Report of the Supervisory Committee


      4.   RELATED-PARTY                                (V) WORKING PLAN
           TRANSACTIONS
                                                           In 2021, the supervisory committee will continue to
           The supervisory committee reviewed              proactively perform its supervisory responsibilities
           and audited the report of related-              under the laws, the listing rules of Hong Kong
           party transactions of the year. The             and China and the Articles of Association. On
           supervisory committee considered that           the basis of corporate governance and focusing
           the Company had strictly abided by the          on financial supervision and risk prevention,
           relevant provisions of the A shares and         the supervisory committee will strengthen
           H shares listing rules and the Articles of      the follow-up of key projects and continue
           Association. The supervisory committee          to pay attention to the Company’s business
           also considered that the procedures of the      development through regular and irregular
           transactions were legal and transaction         special surveys on investee enterprises and other
           prices were fair and reasonable and was         work measures, promote construction of the
           not aware of any circumstances which            internal control and comprehensive risk system
           were prejudicial to the interests of the        of the Company, and implement supervisory
           Company and the small- and medium-              functions of the supervisory committee; strictly
           sized and minority shareholders.                implement the “Rules of Procedures of the
                                                           Supervisory Committee”, organise and convene
                                                           work meetings of the supervisory committee on
                                                           a regular basis, attend the general meetings
                                                           of shareholders, Board meetings and other
                                                           important meetings of the Company according
                                                           to law and be timely informed of and supervise
                                                           the legality of the major decisions and decision-
                                                           making procedures of the Company in order to
                                                           safeguard the legitimate interests of shareholders,
                                                           staff members and the Company, faithfully and
                                                           diligently perform supervisory duties, strive to
                                                           excel in every task, further promote the overall
                                                           improvement of corporate governance of the
                                                           Company, and facilitate the high-quality and
                                                           sustainable development of the Company.




148
     Corporate Governance


I.   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE                                governance and the relevant requirements as
                                                         specified in the Company Law, the regulations
     The Group was in strict compliance with relevant
                                                         of the CSRC and the Listing Rules of the SSE
     corporate governance requirements under the
                                                         and the Stock Exchange.
     Company Law, the Securities Law, the Code of
     Corporate Governance for Listed Companies,
                                                         The Company’s structure of corporate governance
     the SSE Listing Rules, the Listing Rules and the
                                                         comprises the general meeting, the Board and its
     Corporate Governance Code (the “Corporate
                                                         special committees, the supervisory committee,
     Governance Code”) set out in Appendix 14 to
                                                         the management and the employees, each of
     the Listing Rules. The Group has formulated a
                                                         which plays an important role in the corporate
     series of internal control management policies
                                                         governance of the Company. The specific
     such as Inside Information Management System
                                                         information is described below:
     and has relatively comprehensive governance
     structure.


     During the reporting period, in order to cope
     with the sustainable development needs of
     the Company, 62 rules and systems including
     the Articles of Association, the Rules of
     Procedures of the General Meeting, the
     Management Rules for Investee Enterprises
     (《投資企業管理制度》), the Management
     Measures for the Transaction of the Shares of the
     Company by Directors, Supervisors and Senior
     Management and its Changes (《董事、監事和
     高級管理人員等買賣本公司股票及其變動管理辦
     法》) and the Management System of Deployed
     Directors and Supervisors (《派出董事、監事管
     理制度》) were amended and at the same time,
     29 systems including the Management Measures
     for Responsibility of Business Objectives (《經
     營目標責任管理辦法》), the Implementation
     Rules for the Operating Performance Appraisal
     Plan (《經營業績考核方案實施細則》) and the
     Measures for Comprehensive Risk Management
     (《全面風險管理辦法》) were formulated, in
     accordance with the regulatory requirements,
     which further enhanced the governance
     structure. During the reporting period, there was
     no deviation between the Company’s corporate

                                                         Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   149
      Corporate Governance


      (1)   GENERAL MEETING                                  23 Xingguo Road, Zhujiang New Town,
                                                             Tianhe District, Guangzhou (Postal code:
            The general meeting is the authoritative
                                                             510623), Telephone: 020-83150319, Fax:
            body of the Company and has legal
                                                             020-83150319, ir@gac.com.cn).
            power to decide on significant matters of
            the Company. The Company carries out
                                                             The Company has formulated the Rules
            policies of open and honest communication
                                                             of Procedures of the General Meeting,
            and fair disclosures. The Company has
                                                             convened and held general meetings
            ability to ensure all shareholders, especially
                                                             in strict compliance with regulatory
            minority shareholders enjoy equal status
                                                             requirements of listed companies so
            and rights. Pursuant to Article 69 of the
                                                             as to ensure that shareholders are able
            Articles of Association, if shareholders
                                                             to fully exercise their rights. When the
            individually and jointly holding not less
                                                             Company convenes an annual general
            than 10% of the Company’s issued shares
                                                             meeting, written notice shall be given to
            with voting rights request in writing to
                                                             all shareholders twenty business days
            hold an extraordinary general meeting,
                                                             prior to the convening of the meeting.
            an extraordinary general meeting shall be
                                                             When convening an extraordinary general
            held within two months after receipt of
                                                             meeting, written notice shall be given to
            such written request.
                                                             all shareholders ten business days or
                                                             fifteen days prior to the convening of the
            Pursuant to Article 71 of the Articles of
                                                             meeting, whichever is longer. The notice
            Association, shareholders individually
                                                             of general meeting containing an agenda,
            and jointly holding over 3% of the shares
                                                             resolutions proposed and a voting form are
            of the Company are entitled to propose
                                                             announced in a timely manner and/or sent
            extraordinary motions to the Company
                                                             to all H shareholders whose shares are
            and submit them in writing to the convener
                                                             registered in the register of members by
            ten days before the general meeting. The
                                                             post in accordance with the requirements.
            convener of the general meeting shall
                                                             All shareholders are encouraged to attend
            issue supplementary notice of the general
                                                             the general meetings. All registered
            meeting to announce the content of the
                                                             shareholders on the record date are
            extraordinary motions within two days
                                                             entitled to attend the general meeting. H
            after receiving the proposed motions. The
                                                             shareholders who are unable to attend the
            Company formulates efficient channels
                                                             general meeting can appoint their proxies
            of communication with shareholders. All
                                                             or the chairman of the general meeting as
            shareholders have the right to be informed
                                                             their proxies to attend the general meeting
            and to participate in significant events of
                                                             on their behalves (the proxy form shall be
            the Company; shareholders may raise
                                                             completed and returned to the Company
            enquiries and express their view to the
                                                             or the Company’s H share registrar). All
            Board in writing at any time (Contact
                                                             directors, supervisors and members of
            address: The office of the Board of GAC
                                                             management of the Company are also
            Group at Room 2202, GAC Center, No.
150
                                                                      Corporate Governance




requested to try their best to attend the     (2)    DIRECTORS AND THE BOARD
general meetings; results of resolutions or
                                                     1.       Directors and Composition of
poll results of the general meeting shall
                                                              the Board
be timely announced in such manner
                                                              Directors of the Company are
as required by the Listing Rules and the
                                                              elected or rotated at the general
SSE Listing Rules. Lawyer attended each
                                                              meeting. The fifth session of the
general meeting and issued legal opinion.
                                                              Board consists of 11 directors,
                                                              including 2 executive directors,
The controlling shareholders and ultimate
                                                              namely Zeng Qinghong (Chairman)
controller of the Company conscientiously
                                                              and Feng Xingya (General Manager),
fulfilled their obligations in good faith.
                                                              5 non-executive directors, namely
There was no act that interfered with
                                                              Chen Xiaomu, Chen Maoshan, Chen
the decisions and operations of the
                                                              Jun, Ding Hongxiang and Han Ying;
Company directly or indirectly, bypassing
                                                              and 4 independent non-executive
the general meeting, nor was there any
                                                              directors, namely Zhao Fuquan,
damage to the interest of the Company
                                                              Xiao Shengfang, Wong Hakkun and
and other shareholders. The related-party
                                                              Song Tiebo. The members of the
transactions of the Company were fair and
                                                              Board have different professional
reasonable, the pricing of which has been
                                                              background and have extensive
adequately disclosed and no conduct
                                                              expertise and experience in different
damaging interests of the Company was
                                                              aspects. The composition of the
found.
                                                              Board is in compliance with the
                                                              relevant laws and regulations and
During the reporting period, the Company
                                                              the requirements of the Articles
convened 1 annual general meeting, 2
                                                              of Association and the diversity
extraordinary general meetings and
                                                              requirements of Board members.
1 shareholders’ class meeting, the
                                                              The number of independent non-
procedures of the meetings were in
                                                              executive directors exceeds one-
compliance with the requirements of
                                                              third of the total number of members
the Company Law and its Articles of
                                                              of the Board of the Company, which
Association.
                                                              has complied with the requirements
                                                              of the regulatory rules.




                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   151
      Corporate Governance


             All directors have attended the        (3)   To decide on the business
             meetings with an earnest and                 plans and investment plans
             responsible attitude. They are               of the Company;
             familiar with the relevant laws
             and regulations and understand         (4)   To formulate the mid-term
             their rights, responsibilities and           and long-term development
             obligations as a director. The               plans of the Company;
             directors believed that, the Company
             has sufficient resources to continue   (5)   To formulate annual financial
             its business in the foreseeable              budgets     and   financial
             future and there are no material             accounts of the Company;
             uncertainties which may adversely
             affect the Company’s ability to        (6)   To   formulate   the   profit
             operate as a going concern.                  distribution plans and plans
                                                          on making up losses of the
             During the reporting period, the             Company;
             Company convened 24 Board
             meetings. The convening, holding       (7)   To formulate proposals for
             and resolution procedures of the             increase or reduction of
             Board meetings have complied                 the registered capital of the
             with the Company Law, the Articles           Company and issue and
             of Association and the Rules of              listing of bonds or other
             Procedures of the Board.                     securities of the Company;


        2.   Powers of the Board                    (8)   To formulate plans for major
             The Board is accountable to the              acquisitions, purchase of
             general meeting and exercises the            shares of the Company or
             following powers:                            plans for merger, division,
                                                          dissolution or alteration
             (1)   To convene general meetings            of corporate form of the
                   and report its work at the             Company;
                   general meetings;


             (2)   To implement the resolutions
                   of the general meetings;




152
                                                               Corporate Governance




(9)    To determine external                           (12)    To formulate the basic
       investments, purchases and                              management system of the
       sales of assets, pledge of                              Company;
       assets, external guarantees,
       loans, entrusted asset                          (13)    To formulate proposals for
       management,          disposal                           amendment to the Articles
       of assets and connected                                 of Association;
       transactions of the Company,
       save for the matters that are                   (14)    To formulate the information
       required to be resolved at                              disclosure system of the
       the general meeting pursuant                            Company and to manage
       to the law, regulations, the                            information disclosure of the
       Articles of Association and                             Company;
       other regulatory documents;
                                                       (15)    To propose the appointment
(10)   To      determine        the                            or removal of the Company’s
       establishment   of   the                                auditors at the general
       Company’s       internal                                meeting;
       management structure and
       manpower deployment;                            (16)    To receive the work report
                                                               and inspect the work of
(11)   To appoint or remove the                                the general manager of the
       general manager and the                                 Company;
       secretary to the Board
       based on the nomination by                      (17)    To formulate share incentive
       the chairman of the Board;                              schemes;
       to appoint or remove the
       deputy general manager,                         (18)    To review and resolve other
       chief financial officer and                             matters required to be decided
       other senior management of                              by the Board pursuant to
       the Company based on the                                the laws, administrative
       nomination by the general                               regulations, departmental
       manager and to determine                                rules, the requirements of the
       their remunerations and                                 place where the Company’s
       rewards and penalties;                                  shares are listed and the
                                                               Articles of Association.




                                       Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   153
      Corporate Governance


             The exercise of power by the Board      4.   Corporate Governance Functions
             on the aforesaid matters or any              The Board of the Company has
             transactions or arrangements of              adopted the terms of reference for
             the Company shall be proposed                directors to perform its corporate
             for consideration and approval at            governance functions, which include
             the general meeting should the               the formulation and review of the
             listing rules of the place where the         Company’s corporate governance
             shares of the Company are listed             policy and practices and submission
             so require.                                  of proposals to the Board; review and
                                                          oversee the training and continuous
        3.   Responsibilities of directors                professional development of the
             The directors acknowledge their              directors and senior management;
             responsibility for the preparation           review and oversee the Company’s
             of annual financial statements and           policy and practices on compliance
             true and fair presentation of the            with law and regulations; formulate,
             Company’s business results and               review and oversee the Code of
             financial conditions. The Board,             Conduct and Compliance Manual
             which is responsible for overseeing          for employees and directors, and
             the preparation of annual financial          review the Company’s observance
             statements, receives the Company’s           of the Corporate Governance Code
             monthly management accounts in               and disclosures made in Chapter
             respect of operation and updates on          9 – “Corporate Governance” of this
             the Group’s performance, financial           report.
             position and prospects. In preparing
             the financial statements for the year        For the year 2020, the Board has
             ended 31 December 2020, the Board            performed the above corporate
             adopted appropriate accounting               governance functions.
             policies consistently, made prudent
             and reasonable judgements and
             estimates, and ensured that the
             financial statements were prepared
             on a going concern basis and show
             a true and fair view of the financial
             position of the Company and of the
             Group as at 31 December 2020
             and of the financial performance
             and cash flows for the year.




154
                                                                                             Corporate Governance




5.   Professional Training
     During the reporting period, the directors of the Company actively participated in the relevant
     trainings of corporate governance, directors’ duties and operation management. The secretary
     to the Board and company secretary, Ms. Sui Li and joint company secretary, Mr. Leung
     Chong Shun have complied with the professional training requirement under Rule 3.29 of the
     Listing Rules. All directors have also provided their relevant training records during the reporting
     period. Details regarding the training of directors during the reporting period are as follows:

                             Zeng     Feng     Zhao     Xiao      Wong     Song     Chen     Chen    Chen      Ding      Han
     Directors               Qinghong Xingya   Fuquan   Shengfang Hakkun   Tiebo    Xiaomu   Maoshan Jun       Hongxiang Ying


     Training participated   ABC      BC       BC       BC        ABC      BC       BC       BC       BC       BC        BC


     Notes:

     A:           Trainings on corporate governance of listed companies, directors’ duties and the relevant trainings
                  organised by stock exchange or securities regulatory authorities;

     B:           Special training, seminars and conferences on aspects of economics, finance and corporate
                  management;

     C:           Reading materials related to corporate governance, directors’ duties and regulations of internal
                  risk management; and attending seminars, forums and conferences, etc.




                                                                    Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   155
      Corporate Governance


          All directors of the Company may           6.   Independence of Directors
          timely access the relevant laws,                The Company’s independent non-
          regulations and other information               executive directors have knowledge
          relating to their continuing obligations        of the rights and obligations of
          through the secretary to the Board,             the directors and independent
          the company secretary and the                   non-executive directors of listed
          office of the Board. The Company                companies. In accordance with
          ensures that all directors keep                 Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules, the
          abreast of business development                 Company has received the annual
          of the Company, the competitive                 confirmation of independence from
          and regulatory environment, as                  each of the independent non-
          well as the development trend                   executive directors. The Company
          of the industry through provision               considers that they are independent.
          of materials, conferences and
          seminars, which help directors                  During the reporting period,
          understand their responsibilities and           the independent non-executive
          make right decisions and conduct                directors have discharged their
          effective supervision. The Company              duties with good faith, integrity
          has adopted the Model Code as                   and diligence according to the
          the code of conduct for securities              requirements of relevant laws and
          transactions by directors. There                regulations. The independent non-
          is no financial, business, family or            executive directors participated in
          other material or related relationship          the discussion and decision-making
          existing among the directors.                   of material issues of the Board
                                                          and the special committees of the
          After making specific enquiries                 Board and gave their views on the
          with all directors, all directors               compliance and operation of the
          have confirmed that they have fully             Company based on their industry
          complied with the rules as required             expertise and experience. They
          by the Model Code throughout the                have duly reviewed and expressed
          year of 2020.                                   their independent views on the
                                                          equality and fairness of related party
                                                          transactions. They have performed
                                                          their duties independently and are
                                                          independent from the controlling
                                                          shareholders or other units and
                                                          individuals who have interests in
                                                          the Company.



156
                                                                  Corporate Governance




     The Company has reported to                          (1)     Strategy        Committee
     the independent non-executive                                comprises 6 directors,
     directors the production and                                 namely Zeng Qinghong, Feng
     operation situation of the Company                           Xingya, Zhao Fuquan, Song
     and the progress of significant                              Tiebo, Chen Jun and Ding
     events, submitted the annual                                 Hongxiang, among whom,
     reports and audit work schedule                              Zhao Fuquan and Song
     in compliance with the relevant                              Tiebo are independent non-
     requirements of the CSRC and the                             executive directors and Zeng
     SSE concerning annual reports.                               Qinghong is the chairman of
     Independent         non-executive                            the committee. The committee
     directors have communicated with                             is mainly responsible for
     the Company’s auditors in respect                            conducting research and
     of the related issues of the audit                           making recommendations on
     process.                                                     the long-term development
                                                                  strategy and major investment
     During the reporting period,                                 decision of the Company.
     the independent non-executive                                1 meeting of the Strategy
     directors did not hold dissenting                            Committee was held during
     views regarding resolutions of the                           the year and all members
     Board and other resolutions not                              attended the meeting, at
     considered by the Board.                                     which each committee
                                                                  member gave their opinions
7.   Special Committees of the Board                              in respect of the matters
     The Board has set up Strategy                                considered.
     Committee, Audit Committee,
     Remuneration and Assessment
     Committee      and    Nomination
     Committee. Compositions of each
     of the committees of the Board are
     as follows:




                                          Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   157
      Corporate Governance


          (2)   Audit Committee comprises          (3)   Remuneration             and
                3 independent non-executive              Assessment       Committee
                directors, namely Wong                   comprises 3 directors, namely
                Hakkun, Xiao Shengfang                   Xiao Shengfang, Song Tiebo
                and Song Tiebo, among                    and Ding Hongxiang, among
                whom Wong Hakkun is the                  whom, Xiao Shengfang and
                chairman of the committee.               Song Tiebo are independent
                Their primary duties are to              non-executive      directors
                supervise and review the                 and Xiao Shengfang is the
                annual audit work and internal           chairman of the committee.
                audit system of the Company,             Their primary duties are to
                the financial information and            formulate the assessment
                disclosure of the Company.               criteria    and    appraise
                During the year, 6 meetings              the directors and senior
                of the Audit Committee                   management of the Company,
                were held and all members                formulate and review the
                attended the meetings. The               remuneration policies and
                Audit Committee mainly                   proposals of directors and
                reviewed the regular report              senior management of the
                and results, profit distribution         Company. During the year, 3
                and appointment of auditing              meetings of the Remuneration
                institution and also timely              and Assessment Committee
                reviewed the internal control            were held in total and all
                system at the meetings.                  members attended the
                                                         meetings. The Remuneration
                                                         and Assessment Committee
                                                         reviewed the remuneration
                                                         and appraisal proposal of
                                                         senior management for
                                                         the year 2019 and the
                                                         appraisal plan relating to
                                                         the share option incentive
                                                         schemes of the Company,
                                                         and recommendations were
                                                         provided to the Board.




158
                                                                Corporate Governance




(4)   Nomination         Committee             8.       Board Diversity Policy
      comprises 3 directors, namely                     According to the Board diversity
      Xiao Shengfang, Song Tiebo                        policy of the Company (the
      and Ding Hongxiang, among                         “Diversity       Policy”),     when
      whom, Xiao Shengfang and                          determining the composition of
      Song Tiebo are independent                        the Board, the Company will
      non-executive        directors                    consider board diversity in terms of,
      and Xiao Shengfang is the                         among other things, age, gender,
      chairman of the committee.                        educational background, ethnicity,
      Their duties are to make                          professional experience, skills,
      recommendations regarding                         knowledge and term of service. All
      the candidates of senior                          Board appointments will be based
      management, the selection                         on meritocracy, and candidates will
      standards and procedures                          be considered against objective
      as well as being responsible                      criteria, having due regard for the
      for reviewing the principle                       benefits of diversity on the Board.
      of diversified selection in                       The Nomination Committee of
      nomination of directors,                          the Company will disclose the
      assisting and maintaining the                     composition of the Board annually
      diversified visions and various                   in the annual report and monitor
      educational backgrounds                           the implementation of the Diversity
      and professional knowledge.                       Policy. The Nomination Committee
      During the year, 1 meeting                        will review the Diversity Policy,
      of the Nomination Committee                       when appropriate, to ensure the
      was held in total and all                         effectiveness of the Diversity
      members attended the                              Policy, and will recommend any
      meeting, at which the                             such revisions to the Board for
      matters with respect to the                       consideration and approval.
      appointment and dismissal
      of senior management were                9.       Nomination policy
      considered and reviewed                           According to the nomination policy
      and recommendations were                          (the “Nomination Policy”) of the
      provided.                                         Company, in evaluating and selecting
                                                        candidates for directorship, the
                                                        Nomination Committee shall:




                                        Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   159
      Corporate Governance


          (1)   review the structure and           (6)    assess the independence of
                composition      (including               independent non-executive
                the skills, knowledge and                 directors;
                experience) of the Board,
                with reference to the              (7)    give due regard to the benefits
                operations, assets scale                  of diversity on the Board
                and shareholding structure of             against objective criteria with
                the Company, annually and                 reference to the Diversity
                make recommendations to                   Policy when performing the
                the Board on any proposed                 duties set out above;
                changes concerning the
                directors in line with the         (8)    review the Diversity Policy
                implementation of the                     where appropriate, review the
                Company’s strategy;                       measurable objectives and
                                                          the progress of attainment
          (2)   study the selection criteria and          under the Diversity Policy,
                procedures of the directors               and to disclose its review
                and senior management and                 in the annual report each
                to make recommendations to                year to ensure effective
                the Board;                                implementation;


          (3)   search extensively for the         (9)    recommend to the Board
                qualified candidates of                   on the appointment or re-
                the directors and senior                  appointment of directors
                management;                               and the succession plan for
                                                          directors, in particular the
          (4)   review        and        make             chairman and the general
                recommendations to the                    manager; and
                Board on the candidates
                of the directors and senior        (10)   other matters conferred by
                management;                               the Board.


          (5)   review        and        make
                recommendations on the
                other senior management
                who would be submitted to
                the Board for appointment;




160
                                                                Corporate Governance




The selection procedures of the                         (4)     to seek the nominees’
directors and senior management                                 approval on the nomination,
are as follows:                                                 otherwise he/she shall not be
                                                                nominated as the candidates
(1)   the Nomination Committee                                  of the directors and senior
      shall actively communicate                                management;
      with the relevant departments
      of the Company to study the                       (5)     to convene meetings of the
      demand of the Company for                                 Nomination Committee and
      new directors and senior                                  to review the qualification
      management and to produce                                 of the preliminary proposed
      the result in writing;                                    candidates according to the
                                                                job criteria of the directors
(2)   the Nomination Committee                                  and senior management;
      may extensively look for
      candidates of the directors                       (6)     to    recommend           and       to
      and senior management                                     provide materials about the
      within the Company and                                    candidates of the directors
      its controlling (investee)                                and senior management
      enterprises as well as in the                             to the Board one to two
      labour market;                                            months prior to the election
                                                                of new directors and the
(3)   to obtain information about                               appointment of new senior
      the occupation, education                                 management; and
      background, job title, detailed
      information in relation to the                    (7)     to conduct other follow-
      work experience and all                                   up work according to the
      the part-time positions of                                decisions and feedbacks of
      the preliminary proposed                                  the Board.
      candidates and to produce
      the result in writing;




                                        Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020    161
      Corporate Governance


      (3)   SUPERVISORS         AND                        (4)   THE MANAGEMENT
            SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE                                The appointment, dismissal of and
            The supervisory committee strictly                   rewards and punishment for the senior
            performed its supervisory function in                management of the Company were in
            accordance with the requirements of                  strict compliance with the provisions of
            relevant laws and regulations and the                relevant laws, regulations and Articles of
            Articles of Association.                             Association. The Company has clearly
                                                                 defined the roles and division of work
            At present, the supervisory committee                between the Board and the management
            comprises 6 supervisors, namely Chen                 as well as the respective responsibilities of
            Tian, Long Yong, Wang Junyang, Shi Lei,              the chairman of the Board and the general
            Wang Lu and Huang Zhuo, among whom                   manager in its Articles of Association,
            Shi Lei, Wang Lu and Huang Zhuo are staff            ensuring the independence of the Board
            representative supervisors.                          in decision-making and the independence
                                                                 of the management in managing the
            Constitution of such committee was in                daily operations. The management
            compliance with requirements of laws and             of the Company mainly exercise the
            regulations and the Articles of Association.         following daily operation rights under the
                                                                 authorisation of the Board:
            During the reporting period, the supervisory
            committee convened 9 meetings, the                   (1)   to be responsible for the Company’s
            convening, holding and procedures of                       production,       operation      and
            which are in compliance with relevant                      management, to organise resources
            requirements under the Articles of                         to carry out the Board’s resolutions,
            Association and the Rules of Procedures of                 and to report to the Board;
            the Supervisory Committee. All supervisors
            attended the meetings of the supervisory             (2)   to organise the implementation of
            committee held this year and performed                     the Company’s annual business
            their duties conscientiously.                              plan and investment plan;


                                                                 (3)   to draft plans for the establishment
                                                                       of the Company’s              internal
                                                                       management structure;


                                                                 (4)   to formulate the Company’s basic
                                                                       management system;




162
                                                                                  Corporate Governance




      (5)     to formulate the specific rules and regulations of the Company;


      (6)     to propose the appointment or dismissal of the Company’s deputy general manager(s) and
              chief financial officer;


      (7)     to decide on the appointment or dismissal of management personnel and staff other than
              those required to be appointed or dismissed by the Board;


      (8)     to propose the convening of extraordinary board meeting; and


      (9)     to exercise other powers conferred by the Articles of Association or the Board.


      Pursuant to code provision B.1.5 of the Corporate Governance Code, the remuneration of the
      members of the senior management by band for the year 2020 is set out below:

                                                                                                      Number of
      Remuneration bands (RMB)                                                                          persons

      1 to 1,000,000                                                                                                  0
      1,000,001 to 2,000,000                                                                                          4
      2,000,001 to 3,000,000                                                                                          4


      Total                                                                                                           8




(5)   COMPANY SECRETARY
      During the reporting period, the company secretaries of the Company are Ms. Sui Li, senior
      management of the Company, and Mr. Leung Chong Shun, a practicing solicitor in Hong Kong and
      external service provider. The primary contact person of the Company is Ms. Sui Li of the office of
      secretary to the Board. The company secretaries have received relevant professional training which
      fulfilled the requirements of Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules.



(6)   APPOINTMENT AND REMUNERATION OF EXTERNAL AUDITOR
      The external auditor appointed by the Company is PricewaterhouseCoopers. The auditor’s
      remuneration is disclosed in the paragraph titled “Appointment or Dismissal of Accountants” under
      Chapter 4 – “Significant Events” of this report.




                                                          Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020       163
      Corporate Governance


      (7)   INVESTOR RELATIONS                             Based on the “Guiding Opinions on the
                                                           Pilot Work of Professional Managers in
            The Company attaches importance to the
                                                           Municipal-managed Enterprises” (Sui Guo
            effective communication with shareholders
                                                           Zi Dang [2019] No. 111)（《關於在市管
            and investors. It actively promoted investor
                                                           企業開展職業經理人試點工作的指導意
            relations and communication through
                                                           見》(穗國資黨[2019]111號), “Notice of
            conferences, press conferences, briefings
                                                           the State-owned Assets Supervision and
            and inspection of the Company.
                                                           Administration Commission of Guangzhou
                                                           Municipal People’s Government in
      (8)   AMENDMENTS TO THE ARTICLES                     Commencing Compliance Management
            OF ASSOCIATION                                 System to Construct Pilot Work in
                                                           Supervised Enterprises”（《廣州市國資
            Based on the Company Law, Securities
                                                           委關於在監管企業開展合規管理體系建設
            Law of the PRC, “Mandatory Provisions
                                                           試點工作的通知》）, “Pilot Work Plan for
            for Articles of Association of Companies
                                                           Commencing Compliance Management
            to be Listed Overseas” (《到境外上市公
                                                           System of the Guangzhou Automobile
            司章程必備條款》), “Reply of the State
                                                           Group Company Limited” （《廣州汽車
            Council on Adjustment of the Provisions
                                                           集團股份有限公司關於開展合規管理體系
            Applicable to the Notice Period for the
                                                           建設的試點工作方案》）and the actual
            Holding of Shareholders’ General Meeting
                                                           situation of the Company, the Company
            for Overseas Listed Companies” (《國務
                                                           made certain amendments to the Articles
            院關於調整適用在境外上市公司召開股東
                                                           of Association. Such amendments were
            大會通知期限等事項規定的批覆》) issued
                                                           approved at the 2020 second extraordinary
            by the State Council of the PRC, the
                                                           general meeting of the Company held on
            Listing Rules and the actual situation of
                                                           13 November 2020 by way of a special
            the Company, the Company made certain
                                                           resolution, details of which are set out
            amendments to the Articles of Association.
                                                           in the circular of the Company dated 22
            Such amendments were approved at
                                                           October 2020.
            the 2019 annual general meeting of the
            Company held on 29 May 2020 by way
            of a special resolution, details of which
            are set out in the circular of the Company
            dated 9 April 2020.




164
                                                                                      Corporate Governance




II.   GENERAL MEETINGS
                                                           Enquiry index of the
                                                           designated website for         Date of disclosure of
                                                           the publication of the         the publication of the
      Session of the meeting       Date                    resolutions                    resolutions

      2020 first extraordinary    20 March 2020            Websites of SSE and the        20 March 2020
        general meeting                                     Stock Exchange
      2019 annual general meeting 29 May 2020              Websites of SSE and the        29 May 2020
                                                            Stock Exchange
      2020 second extraordinary    13 November 2020        Websites of SSE and the        13 November 2020
        general meeting and 2020                            Stock Exchange
        first class meetings for
        holders of A shares and
        holders of H shares



      Convening of the general meetings of the Company were in strict compliance with the requirements of
      the Articles of Association and the Rules of Procedures of the General Meeting. The proposal and voting
      procedures were in compliance with the relevant requirements of laws and regulations. General meetings
      held during this reporting period were all witnessed by lawyers who issued legal opinions. The Company
      disclosed the general meeting’s resolutions in a timely, complete and accurate manner after the general
      meeting.




                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   165
      Corporate Governance


  III. DIRECTORS’ PERFORMANCE OF THEIR DUTIES

      (1)   DIRECTORS’ ATTENDANCE IN BOARD MEETINGS AND GENERAL MEETINGS
                                                                                                                                                            General
                                                                                                     Board meeting(s)                                     meeting(s)
                                                                     Mandatory                                                                Absent in
                                                  Independent attendance in                                                              person for two   Attendance
                                                non-executive Board meetings      Attendance       Attendance by    Attendance             consecutive     in general
            Name of directors                   director or not during the year     in person telecommunication        by proxy   Absence times or not      meetings
            Zeng Qinghong                                 No                24            24                  20             0          0           No             3
            Feng Xingya                                   No                24            24                  20             0          0           No             3
            Zhao Fuquan
                (appointed on 29 May 2020)                Yes               14            14                  12             0          0           No             1
            Xiao Shengfang
                (appointed on 29 May 2020)                Yes               14            14                  11             0          0           No             1
            Wong Hakkun
                (appointed on 29 May 2020)                Yes               14            14                  14             0          0           No             1
            Song Tiebo
                (appointed on 29 May 2020)                Yes               14            14                  12             0          0           No             2
            Fu Yuwu
                (resigned on 29 May 2020)                 Yes               10            10                  10             0          0           No             2
            Lan Hailin
                (resigned on 29 May 2020)                 Yes               10            10                  10             0          0           No             2
            Leung Lincheong
                (resigned on 29 May 2020)                 Yes               10            10                  10             0          0           No             2
            Wang Susheng
                (resigned on 29 May 2020)                 Yes               10            10                  10             0          0           No             2
            Yan Zhuangli
                (resigned on 15 January 2020)             No                 1             1                   1             0          0             –             –
            Chen Xiaomu
                (appointed on 20 March 2020)              No                19            19                  16             0          0           No             3
            Chen Maoshan                                  No                24            24                  20             0          0           No             3
            Chen Jun                                      No                24            24                  20             0          0           No             2
            Ding Hongxiang                                No                24            24                  20             0          0           No             2
            Han Ying                                      No                24            24                  20             0          0           No             0


            Explanation on absence in person in Board meetings for two consecutive times
            □Applicable ✓N/A

            Number of Board meetings held during the year                                                                                                       24
            Of which: Number of physical meetings                                                                                                                4
            Number of meetings held via communication                                                                                                           20
            Number of meetings held by way of combination of both                                                                                                4




166
                                                                   Corporate Governance




     (2)   INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE   VII. A PPRA ISA L ME C H A N I S M
           DIRECTORS’ OBJECTIONS TO         FOR SENIOR MANAGEMENT
           RELEVANT MATTERS OF THE          AND THE ESTABLISHMENT
           COMPANY                          AND IMPLEMENTATION OF
           □Applicable    ✓N/A              INCENTIVE    MECHANISM
                                            DURING THE REPORTING
                                            PERIOD
IV. MAJOR    COMMENTS     AND             According to the Remuneration and Performance
    SUGGESTIONS    PROPOSED               Management Scheme for Senior Management,
    BY SPECIAL COMMITTEES                 the Company set up appraisal mechanism and
    OF   THE   BOARD    WHEN              medium and long-term incentive mechanism.
    PERFORMING THEIR DUTIES               During the reporting period, according to the
    DURING THE REPORTING                  progress of implementation of annual performance
    PERIOD AND DETAILS OF ANY             contract signed with senior management, the
    DISAGREEMENTS                         Remuneration and Assessment Committee of the
     □Applicable   ✓N/A                   Board performed annual remuneration appraisal
                                          for the senior management, and the resolution in
                                          respect of the appraisal results was considered
V.   EXPLANATION ON RISKS OF              and approved by the Board.
     THE COMPANY DETECTED BY
     THE SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE
     □Applicable   ✓N/A                VIII. SELF-EVALUATION REPORT ON
                                             INTERNAL CONTROL
                                          The Board has conducted a review of the
VI. STATEMENTS OF THE COMPANY             effectiveness of the internal control system of
    ON INABILITY TO MAINTAIN THE          the Company and its subsidiaries during the
    INDEPENDENCE OR THE ABILITY           reporting period. The said review covers all
    OF INDEPENDENT OPERATIONS             material aspects of control, including financial,
    BETWEEN THE COMPANY                   operational and compliance controls. No material
    AND    THE    CONTROLLING             defects and important defects in internal control
    SHAREHOLDERS           WITH           have been identified in 2020. The Board considers
    RESPECT     TO    BUSINESS,           such systems effective and sufficient.
    PERSONNEL,         ASSETS,
    ORGANISATION AND FINANCE
     □Applicable   ✓N/A




                                           Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   167
      Corporate Governance


      For full text of the self-evaluation report on        X.   DIVIDEND POLICY
      internal control, please refer to the relevant
                                                                 Since 2012, the Company has started to formulate
      announcement disclosed on the website of SSE
                                                                 dividend distribution plans for shareholders,
      (www.sse.com.cn) on 25 March 2021.
                                                                 which have been strictly implemented until now.
                                                                 To further improve the scientific, continuous
  IX. AUDIT REPORT ON INTERNAL                                   and stable dividend distribution decisions and
      CONTROL AND                                                supervisory mechanism of the Company for
                                                                 higher transparency and practicability of profit
      The Company engaged BDO China Shu Lun
                                                                 distribution decisions, and to give guidance
      Pan Certified Public Accountants LLP for
                                                                 to investors to establish a concept of long-
      independent audit of effectiveness of its internal
                                                                 term and rational investment, pursuant to the
      control in 2020, which issued an opinion that
                                                                 “Regulatory Guidelines for Listed Companies
      “the internal control over financial report of the
                                                                 No. 3 – Cash Dividends Distribution of Listed
      Company was in compliance with the Basic
                                                                 Companies” issued by the CSRC ([2013] No.
      Principles for Internal Control of Enterprises and
                                                                 43) (中國證監會公告（[2013]43號)《上市公司
      relevant requirements and was effective in all
                                                                 監管指引第3號－上市公司現金分紅》）, the
      significant aspects as at 31 December 2020”
                                                                 “Notice Regarding Further Implementation of
      (for full text of the audit report, please refer to
                                                                 Cash Dividends Distribution of Listed Companies”
      the announcement disclosed on the website of
                                                                 issued by the CSRC (Zheng Jian Fa [2012]
      the SSE (www.sse.com.cn) on 25 March 2021).
                                                                 No. 37) (中國證監會《關於進一步落實上市公
                                                                 司現金分紅有關事項的通知》(證監發[2012]37
                                                                 號)）and the requirements of the Company’s
                                                                 dividend distribution policy set out in the Articles
                                                                 of Association, the Board has formulated the
                                                                 “Dividend Distribution Plan for Shareholders of
                                                                 Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. (2018-
                                                                 2020)” (the “Distribution Plan”), specific details
                                                                 of which are as follows:




168
                                                                             Corporate Governance




1.   FACTORS CONSIDERED BY THE                       2.     THE PRINCIPLE                        OF      THE
     COMPANY IN FORMULATING                                 DISTRIBUTION                                PLAN
     THE DISTRIBUTION PLAN                                  FORMULATION
     The Company focuses on long term and                   The formulation of the Distribution Plan
     sustainable development. After considering             shall conform with the relevant national
     factors such as the profitability, operation           laws and regulations and the relevant
     planning, returns for shareholders, capital            provisions relating to profit distribution in
     requirement for investment in future                   the Articles of Association. The Company
     projects, social capital costs and financing           shall focus on stable and reasonable
     environment, a continuous, stable and                  returns to the investors while at the same
     scientific distribution plan and mechanism             time fully consider the actual operation and
     for the investors are to be established,               sustainable development of the Company.
     so that a systematic arrangement can                   On the basis of giving full consideration to
     be made for profit distribution in order to            the interests of shareholders and managing
     ensure continuity and stability of the profit          the relationship between short-term
     distribution policy.                                   interests and long-term development of the
                                                            Company, the Company shall determine
                                                            a reasonable profit distribution proposal,
                                                            and pursuant to which, formulate a plan to
                                                            implement the profit distribution policy in
                                                            a certain period to ensure continuity and
                                                            stability of the profit distribution policy.




                                                     Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   169
      Corporate Governance


      3.   THE     FREQUENCY      OF                       4.   THE  DISTRIBUTION   PLAN
           THE   DISTRIBUTION   PLAN                            TO SHAREHOLDERS OF THE
           FORMULATION AND RELEVANT                             COMPANY FROM 2018 TO 2020
           DECISION MAKING MECHANISM                            (a)   The Company may distribute profits
           The Board shall formulate the Distribution                 by cash, shares, and combination
           Plan in accordance with the profit                         of cash and shares.
           distribution policy stipulated in the
           Articles of Association. In the event                (b)   The Company shall give priority to
           that the Company needs to adjust the                       profit distribution by way of cash,
           profit distribution policy due to the                      i.e. profit distribution shall be made
           significant changes in the external                        in the form of cash dividends if the
           operating environment and its internal                     cash dividend conditions subsist.
           operating conditions, the protection of
           the interest of shareholders (especially the         (c)   According to the laws and
           public shareholders) shall be of the first                 regulations in the Company Law
           priority and detailed argumentation and                    and the provisions in the Articles
           reasons shall be given. Further, detailed                  of Association, provided that the
           explanation regarding the adjustments of                   profit and cash of the Company
           the dividend distribution policy shall be                  are able to fulfill the needs for
           given in the regular report of the Company                 continuous operation and long term
           with stringent implementation of the                       development of the Company, the
           decision making procedures. The Board                      profit distributed in cash in each
           shall ensure that the Distribution Plan will               of the years between 2018 to
           be reviewed every three years in order to                  2020 shall be no less than 10% of
           ensure the content of the Distribution Plan                the distributable profit realised in
           conforms with the profit distribution policy               such year, whereas the cumulative
           as stipulated in the Articles of Association.              profit distributed in cash for the
                                                                      three consecutive years shall be
                                                                      no less than 30% of the average
                                                                      distributable profits realised in such
                                                                      three years.




170
                                                                     Corporate Governance




(d)   In principle, cash dividend shall be
      distributed by the Company annually
      from 2018 to 2020. The Board may
      propose to distribute interim cash
      dividend based on the profitability
      and the capital requirements of the
      Company.


(e)   From 2018 to 2020, depending
      on the cumulative distributable
      profits, reserves and the condition
      of cash flow, the Company may
      distribute profits by way of shares
      to match share capital expansion
      with business growth provided that
      the minimum cash dividend payout
      ratio and a reasonable scale of
      share capital of the Company are
      maintained.




                                             Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   171
         Corporate Bonds


  I.    BASIC INFORMATION OF CORPORATE BONDS
                                                                                                           Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                                                                                   Method of
                                                                                                                   Repayment of
                                                                                                     Interest Rate Principal and
        Name of bond                   Abbreviation Code      Date of Issue Due date        Balances           (%) Interest      Trading Place


        Corporate Bonds (Phase one) of
         Guangzhou Automobile Group Co.,                                                                          Simple interest
         Ltd. in 2012 (10 years)         12GAC02   122243     2013-03-20   2023-03-20   3,000,000,000         5.09 per annum SSE




        INTEREST PAYMENT OF CORPORATE BONDS
        During the reporting period, the interest on “12GAC02” was timely paid in accordance with the terms set
        out in the prospectus. The coupon rate is 5.09%, one board lot of “12GAC02” with par value of RMB1,000
        was entitled to interest of RMB50.90 (tax inclusive).



        OTHER INFORMATION OF CORPORATE BONDS
        □Applicable         ✓N/A



  II.   CONTACT PERSON OF CUSTODIAN OF THE CORPORATE BONDS
        AND ITS CONTACT METHODS AND THE CONTACT METHODS OF THE
        CREDIT RATING AGENCY
        Bond Custodian                 Name           China International Capital Corporation Limited
                                       Office Address 27th Floor and 28th Floor, China World Office 2, 1
                                                       Jianguomenwai Avenue, Chaoyang District, Beijing
                                       Contact Person Chang Daming, Wang Chao
                                       Contact Number 010-65051166


        Credit Rating Agency Name                           United Credit Ratings Co., Ltd.
                             Office Address                 12th Floor, PICC Office Tower, 2 Jianguomenwai Avenue,
                                                             Beijing




172
                                                                                              Corporate Bonds




III. USE OF FUNDS RAISED FROM                          V.    CORPORATE BONDS CREDIT
     THE CORPORATE BONDS                                     ENHANCEMENT MECHANISM,
   The proceeds were fully utilised as supplementary         DEBT   REPAYMENT PLAN
   liquidity of the Company in accordance with the           AND OTHERS DURING THE
   use of proceeds as set out in the prospectus.             REPORTING PERIOD
                                                             During the reporting period, there was no
                                                             change in the credit enhancement mechanism
IV. INFORMATION OF THE CREDIT                                of corporate bonds. Guangzhou Automobile
    RATING OF THE CORPORATE                                  Industry Group Co., Ltd. provided guarantee
    BONDS                                                    for the 2012 corporate bonds issued by the
   On 14 May 2020, United Credit Ratings Co.,                Company in 2013. Status of the guarantor as at
   Ltd. conducted follow-up credit rating for the            the end of the reporting period was as follows:
   2012 corporate bonds issued by the Company
   in 2013, which maintained the AAA long-term
   credit rating of the Company (as issuer) with
   stable outlook rating, and maintained the AAA
   credit rating of “12GAC02”.



                                                                                        Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                            At the end of the                     Year-on-year
                                                             reporting period             increase or decrease
   Key indicators                                                 (Unaudited)                              (%)

   Net assets                                               48,640,031,463.79                                      7.84
   Gearing ratio                                                      39.56%                                      -1.10
   Return on net assets                                                8.22%                                      -0.45
   Current ratio                                                         1.36                                         0
   Quick ratio                                                           1.21                                         0
   Cumulative balance of external guarantees                    3,000,000,000                                       -40
   Proportion of cumulative balance of external
     guarantees to net assets                                              6.17%                                  -4.92




   DEBT REPAYMENT PLANS AND DEBT REPAYMENT PROTECTIVE MEASURES:
   During the reporting period, there had been no change in the debt repayment plans and debt repayment
   protective measures. The Company has paid interest and repaid principal to bondholders in strict
   compliance with principal and interest repayment arrangements prescribed in the prospectus.


                                                             Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020    173
      Corporate Bonds


  VI. MEETINGS OF HOLDERS OF                             IX. INTEREST PAYMENT OF OTHER
      CORPORATE BONDS                                        BONDS AND DEBT FINANCING
      □Applicable    ✓N/A                                    INSTRUMENTS     OF    THE
                                                             COMPANY
                                                              □Applicable    ✓N/A
  VII. PERFORMANCE OF DUTIES
       OF THE CUSTODIAN OF THE
       CORPORATE BONDS                                   X.   BANK CREDIT WITHIN THE
      During the term of the corporate bonds, the             REPORTING PERIOD
      bonds trustee manager conscientiously complied          During the reporting period, the total amount
      with the agreement in the Bonds Trustee                 of bank credit granted to the Company was
      Management Agreement (《債券受託管理協                          RMB35.7 billion.
      議》) and conducted a continuous follow-up
      on the Company’s rating, management and
      use of proceeds raised from the bonds, and         XI. FULFILLMENT OF COMMITMENT
      condition of capital repayment with interest of        IN     THE     COMPANY’S
      the Company. The bonds trustee manager also            PROSPECTUS IN RESPECT
      supervised the performance of the obligations          OF THE BONDS DURING THE
      set out in the prospectus by the Company and           REPORTING PERIOD
      vigorously fulfilled its duty as a bonds trustee        During the reporting period, the Company
      manager, and further protected legal rights of          strictly complied with and fulfilled the relevant
      the bondholders.                                        commitments and undertakings in the
                                                              prospectus and there was no adverse effect on
                                                              the bondholders.
  VIII. THE COMPANY’S ASSETS AS AT
        END OF REPORTING PERIOD
      For details, please refer to the Independent       XII. IMPACT OF MAJOR EVENTS
      Auditor's Report of this report.                        TO OPERATING STATUS AND
                                                              SOLVENCY OF THE COMPANY
                                                              During the reporting period, there was no major
                                                              event which may affect the solvency or bond
                                                              price of the Company.




174
    Independent Auditor’s Report




To the shareholders of Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
(incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)


Opinion
What we have audited
The consolidated financial statements of Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. (the “Company”) and its
subsidiaries (the “Group”) set out on pages 184 to 336, which comprise:

•     the consolidated balance sheet as at 31 December 2020;

•     the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year then ended;

•     the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year then ended;

•     the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended; and

•     the notes to the consolidated financial statements, which include a summary of significant accounting
      policies.


Our opinion
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position
of the Group as at 31 December 2020, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash
flows for the year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued
by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in
compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.




                                                                   Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   175
         Independent Auditor’s Report


  Basis for Opinion
  We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA.
  Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit
  of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report.

  We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
  opinion.


  Independence
  We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants
  (“the Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.



  Key Audit Matters
  Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit
  of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of
  our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do
  not provide a separate opinion on these matters.


  Key audit matters identified in our audit are summarised as follows:


  •     Warranty provisions


  •     Impairment assessment of capitalised development costs


  •     Impairment assessment on the goodwill included in investment in a joint venture




176
                                                                                             Independent Auditor’s Report




Key Audit Matter                                                      How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter


Warranty provisions

Refer to Note 4 (Critical accounting estimates and judgements)        We have met management of the Company, the Major Joint Ventures
and Note 27 (Provisions) to the consolidated financial statements.    and GAC Motor and have discussed with them and evaluated the
                                                                      impact on the Group’s financial statements of warranty provisions
As at 31 December 2020, the warranty provisions of the Group          relating to Major Joint Ventures and GAC Motor.
amounted to approximately RMB857,981,000 (Note 27).
                                                                      (a) Procedures performed on warranty provisions of GAC Honda,
The Group mainly produced and sold passenger vehicles through             GAC Toyota, GAC Mitsubishi and GAC Motor, included:
its joint ventures GAC Honda Automobile Co., Ltd. (“GAC Honda”),
GAC Toyota Motor Co., Ltd. (“GAC Toyota”), GAC Mitsubishi Motors         –		We understood and evaluated management’s process and
Co., Ltd. (“GAC Mitsubishi”) and GAC Fiat Chrysler Automobiles              controls over recording provisions for product warranties
Co., Ltd. (“GAC FCA”) (collectively “Major Joint Ventures”) and its         and assessed the inherent risk of material misstatement by
subsidiary, GAC Motor Co., Ltd. (“GAC Motor”).                              considering the degree of estimation uncertainty and other
                                                                            inherent risk factors.
The Group’s joint ventures were accounted for using equity method.
The warranty provisions relating to the Major Joint Ventures were        –		We evaluated management’s warranty provision model and
considered significant to the Company’s consolidated financial              tested the calculations therein. This included evaluating the
statements.                                                                 key assumptions through reviewing the legal and contractual
                                                                            terms, comparing the assumptions to the historical data,
                                                                            analysing the expected unit cost of repair and returns of each
                                                                            vehicle type at each year of the warranty period, testing sales
                                                                            volume of each vehicle type to the supporting documents and
                                                                            recalculating the warranty provisions.




                                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   177
            Independent Auditor’s Report



  Key Audit Matter                                                          How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

  Warranty provisions (continued)

  Provisions for warranties granted by the Group’s Major Joint                  –   In respect of the provisions for warranties previously recorded
  Ventures and GAC Motor for the passenger vehicles sold are                        and subsequently settled during the year, we compared the
  recognised based on sales volume and past experience of the                       provision amount with the settlement amount and investigated,
  level of repair and returns, discounted to their present values as                if significant variance existed, the reasonableness of the
  appropriate.                                                                      reassessment of the adequacy of the provisions for warranties
                                                                                    previously made by the management. We discussed with
  We focused on auditing the warranty provisions because the                        management the existence of any indicators of significant
                                                                                    product defect occurred during the year and subsequent to
  estimation of costs in respect of future warranty claims is subject
                                                                                    the year end that would significantly affect the estimates of
  to high degree of estimation uncertainty. The inherent risk in relation           the year-end warranty provisions.
  to warranty provisions is considered significant due to subjectivity
  of significant assumptions used in determining the costs.                     –   We also considered whether the judgements made in selecting
                                                                                    the significant assumptions would give rise to indicators of
                                                                                    possible management bias.

                                                                            (b) GAC FCA is a significant joint venture of the Group and is audited
                                                                                by a non-PricewaterhouseCoopers auditor (“Component Auditor”).
                                                                                Procedures performed on warranty provisions of GAC FCA
                                                                                included:

                                                                                  We have discussed with Component Auditor, and evaluated
                                                                                –		
                                                                                  adequacy of their audit approach and work in relation to
                                                                                  warranty provisions.

                                                                                  We have obtained and evaluated Component Auditor’s
                                                                                –		
                                                                                  reporting to us in accordance with our instructions.


                                                                            We found that management judgements and estimates associated
                                                                            with GAC Motor’s warranty provisions were supported by available
                                                                            evidence.


                                                                            We found that, in the context of our audit of consolidated financial
                                                                            statements of the Company, Major Joint Ventures’ management
                                                                            judgements and estimates associated with their respective warranty
                                                                            provisions in respect of the Group’s share of the profit and net assets
                                                                            of Major Joint Ventures were supported by available evidence.




178
                                                                                                 Independent Auditor’s Report




Key Audit Matter                                                         How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

Impairment assessment of capitalised development costs

Refer to Note 4 (Critical accounting estimates and judgements) and       We understood and evaluated management’s process and controls
Note 10 (Intangible assets) to the consolidated financial statements.    to identify the impairment indicators for capitalised development costs
                                                                         in use and assessed the inherent risk of material misstatement by
As at 31 December 2020, the carrying amount of the Group’s               considering the degree of estimation uncertainty and other inherent
capitalised development costs, after considering the impairment          risk factors.
provision, which arose from development expenditure on the Group’s
various types of self-developed passenger vehicle projects and were      The recoverable amount of the capitalised development costs subject
classified as intangible assets on the consolidated balance sheet,       to impairment testing was determined based on value in use, which
amounted to approximately RMB11,101,294,000. An impairment               was the present value of the future cash flows expected to be derived,
charge of approximately RMB662,164,000 has been recognised               and we performed the following procedures:
for capitalised development costs of certain types of passenger
vehicles in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income           We obtained and understood management’s calculations of value in
for the year ended 31 December 2020.                                     use and assessed the methodology applied.

Capitalised development costs not yet in use are tested for impairment   We tested the consistency and assessed the reasonableness of the
annually. Capitalised development costs in use are reviewed for          data used and management’s key assumptions adopted in the future
impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate          cash flow projections, mainly in relation to:
that the carrying amount may not be recoverable.
                                                                         –   the budgeted sales and gross margin, by comparing them with
Management has assessed the recoverable amount of capitalised                actual performance and historical financial data, if any. For the
development costs for each type of passenger vehicles to be their            budgeted sales, we also compared to the Group’s strategic
value in use in order to determine the impairment charge, if any.            plan, and future market growth as forecasted and sourced from
                                                                             independent parties;
We focused on auditing the impairment assessment of capitalised
development costs because management’s assessment of                     –   the long-term growth rate of revenue, by comparing it with
impairment involved complex and subjective judgements and                    the relevant economic and industry forecasts, including certain
assumptions, such as future cash flow projections using revenue,             forecasts sourced from independent parties; and
gross margin, long-term growth rate of revenue and discount
rate. The estimation of the recoverable amount is subject to high        –   discount rate, by comparing it with the cost of capital of comparable
degree of estimation uncertainty. The inherent risk in relation to           companies.
the impairment assessment of capitalised development costs is
considered significant due to subjectivity of significant assumptions    We performed sensitivity analysis on the key assumptions of the cash
used by management and significant judgements involved in                flow forecasts by considering the likelihood of such a movement in
selecting data.                                                          those key assumptions arising.

                                                                         We also considered whether the judgements made in selecting the
                                                                         significant assumptions and data would give rise to indicators of
                                                                         possible management bias.

                                                                         We found key assumptions made by the management in relation to
                                                                         the value in use calculations to be reasonable based on the available
                                                                         evidence.


                                                                                   Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020     179
           Independent Auditor’s Report



  Key Audit Matter                                                         How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

  Impairment assessment on the goodwill included in
  investment in a joint venture (the “Goodwill Impairment
  Assessment”)

  Refer to Note 4 (Critical accounting estimates and judgements)           We assessed the competency, capabilities and objectivity of the
  and Note 11 (Investments in joint ventures and associates) to the        External Valuer.
  consolidated financial statements.
                                                                           We obtained an understanding of the management’s internal controls
  As at 31 December 2020, the Group has goodwill of approximately          and assessment process of the Goodwill Impairment Assessment and
  RMB2,895,293,000 in relation to its investment in a joint venture,       assessed the inherent risk of material misstatement by considering
  GAC Mitsubishi.                                                          the degree of estimation uncertainty and other inherent risk factors.

  Management assessed the recoverable amount of the investment             We evaluated the outcome of prior period assessment of the Goodwill
  in GAC Mitsubishi with the assistance of an independent external         Impairment Assessment to assess the effectiveness of management’s
  valuer (the “External Valuer”) and concluded that there was no           estimation process.
  impairment in respect of the goodwill included in the investment
  in GAC Mitsubishi. This conclusion was based on fair value less          We evaluated and tested the key controls over the Goodwill Impairment
  cost of disposal model, applying discounted cash flow method,            Assessment.
  which involved significant management judgements with respect
  to the discount rate and the underlying cash flows, in particular        We obtained and understood the Goodwill Impairment Assessment
  future revenue growth.                                                   to assess whether or not the recoverable amount of the investment
                                                                           in GAC Mitsubishi was below its carrying value.
  We focused on auditing the Goodwill Impariment Assessment
  because the estimation of recoverable amount is subject to high          We assessed the methodology applied and the appropriateness of
  degree of estimation uncertainty. The inherent risk in relation to the   the key assumptions used in the management’s cash flow forecast,
  Goodwill Impairment Assessment is considered significant due to          including comparing the revenue growth rates with historical results
  subjectivity of significant assumptions used by management and           and published industrial forecasts issued by recognised third party
  significant judgements involved in selecting data.                       industry analysts.

                                                                           We assessed the discount rate by evaluating the cost of capital for
                                                                           the investment in GAC Mitsubishi and selected comparable companies
                                                                           with the involvement of our internal valuation specialists.

                                                                           We performed sensitivity analysis on the key assumptions of the cash
                                                                           flow forecasts by considering the likelihood of such a movement in
                                                                           those key assumptions arising.

                                                                           We also considered whether the judgements made in selecting the
                                                                           significant assumptions and data would give rise to indicators of
                                                                           possible management bias.

                                                                           We found the key assumptions made by the management in relation
                                                                           to the fair value less cost of disposal calculations to be reasonable
                                                                           based on the available evidence.




180
                                                                                 Independent Auditor’s Report




Other Information
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all of
the information included in the annual report other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s
report thereon.


Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express
any form of assurance conclusion thereon.


In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated
financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.


If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other
information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.



Responsibilities of Directors and Audit Committee for the Consolidated Financial Statements
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that
give a true and fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of
the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to
enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether
due to fraud or error.


In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability
to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going
concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or
have no realistic alternative but to do so.


The Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.




                                                                   Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   181
         Independent Auditor’s Report


  Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
  Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a
  whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that
  includes our opinion. We report our opinion solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not
  assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable
  assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with
  HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error
  and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence
  the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.


  As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional
  scepticism throughout the audit. We also:


  •     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
        due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit
        evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a
        material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve
        collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.


  •     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that
        are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness
        of the Group’s internal control.


  •     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates
        and related disclosures made by the directors.


  •     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and,
        based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions
        that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude
        that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related
        disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our
        opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report.
        However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.




182
                                                                                 Independent Auditor’s Report




•     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including
      the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions
      and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.


•     Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business
      activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are
      responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible
      for our audit opinion.


We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of
the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify
during our audit.


We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably
be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards
applied.


From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the
key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public
disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not
be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected
to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.


The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Pang, Ho Yin.




PricewaterhouseCoopers
Certified Public Accountants


Hong Kong, 25 March 2021




                                                                   Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   183
            CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET


                                                                            As at 31 December
                                                                               2020           2019
                                                                   Note     RMB’000        RMB’000


      ASSETS
      Non-current assets
      Property, plant and equipment                                7       20,073,210    19,395,807
      Right-of-use assets                                          8        6,909,008     6,846,371
      Investment properties                                        9        1,387,545     1,334,487
      Intangible assets                                            10      12,258,613    10,809,744
      Investments in joint ventures and associates                 11      33,403,563    32,004,786
      Deferred income tax assets                                   13       2,123,604     1,705,313
      Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive
        income                                                     14         630,703     1,224,218
      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss        15       4,375,256     3,137,472
      Prepayments and other long-term receivables                  16       5,056,277     4,140,853


                                                                           86,217,779    80,599,051


      Current assets
      Inventories                                                  17       6,621,580     6,927,830
      Trade and other receivables                                  18      19,615,555    16,843,950
      Financial assets at fair value through
         other comprehensive income                                14         310,690         6,948
      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss        15       1,595,011       842,845
      Time deposits                                                19      10,624,362     6,959,924
      Restricted cash                                              20       2,084,314     1,678,017
      Cash and cash equivalents                                    21      15,791,397    23,604,986


                                                                           56,642,909    56,864,500


      Total assets                                                        142,860,688   137,463,551


      LIABILITIES
      Non-current liabilities
      Trade and other payables                                     25         530,786       262,876
      Borrowings                                                   26       8,473,173     7,691,622
      Lease liabilities                                             8       1,303,479     1,232,042
      Deferred income tax liabilities                              13         138,032       183,136
      Provisions                                                   27         602,579     1,014,776
      Government grants                                            28       2,555,825     2,795,975


                                                                           13,603,874    13,180,427

184
                                                                              Consolidated Balance Sheet




                                                                                     As at 31 December
                                                                                       2020                     2019
                                                                Note                RMB’000                  RMB’000


 Current liabilities
 Trade and other payables                                        25               33,971,538               33,616,467
 Contract liabilities                                            6(a)              1,492,859                1,528,757
 Current income tax liabilities                                                      103,049                  284,124
 Borrowings                                                       26               6,504,211                6,168,929
 Lease liabilities                                                 8                 209,062                  176,601
 Provisions                                                       27                 262,467                        -


                                                                                  42,543,186               41,774,878


 Total liabilities                                                                56,147,060               54,955,305


 Net assets                                                                       86,713,628               82,508,246


 EQUITY
 Share capital                                                    22              10,349,697               10,237,708
 Reserves                                                         24              28,928,263               28,144,766
 Retained earnings                                                24              45,097,071               41,805,637


 Capital and reserves attributable to owners of the Company                       84,375,031               80,188,111
 Non-controlling interests                                                         2,338,597                2,320,135


 Total equity                                                                     86,713,628               82,508,246


The notes on pages 192 to 336 are an integral part of these financial statements.


The financial statements on pages 184 to 191 were approved by the Board of Directors on 25 March 2021
and were signed on its behalf:




Zeng Qinghong                                         Feng Xingya
Director                                              Director




                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   185
            CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME


                                                                 Year ended 31 December
                                                                      2020           2019
                                                         Note      RMB’000        RMB’000

      Revenue                                             6       63,156,985     59,704,322
      Cost of sales                                       29     (60,860,992)   (57,181,363)


      Gross profit                                                2,295,993      2,522,959

      Selling and distribution costs                      29      (3,641,480)    (4,553,402)
      Administrative expenses                             29      (3,850,327)    (3,589,516)
      Net impairment losses on financial assets          3.1.2       (55,110)        (53,831)
      Interest income                                     32         304,233        290,694
      Other gains – net                                   31       1,379,690      2,620,340


      Operating loss                                              (3,567,001)    (2,762,756)

      Interest income                                     32        127,551        171,565
      Finance costs                                       33       (439,567)      (516,481)
      Share of profit of joint ventures and associates    11      9,570,978      9,399,343


      Profit before income tax                                    5,691,961      6,291,671

      Income tax credit                                   34        355,990        417,186


      Profit for the year                                         6,047,951      6,708,857

      Profit is attributable to:
      Owners of the Company                                       5,964,055      6,616,265
      Non-controlling interests                                      83,896         92,592


                                                                  6,047,951      6,708,857




186
                                               Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income




                                                                                Year ended 31 December
                                                                                       2020                     2019
                                                                Note                RMB’000                  RMB’000

 Other comprehensive income

 Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
    – exchange differences on translation of foreign operations 24,35                   (5,128)                   1,151
    – share of other comprehensive income/(loss) of joint
         ventures and associates accounted for using the equity
         method                                                  35                         335                     (419)
 Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or
    loss
    – changes in the fair value of equity investments at
         fair value through other comprehensive income          24,35                 133,153                     8,974


 Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax                                  128,360                     9,706


 Total comprehensive income for the year                                           6,176,311                6,718,563


 Total comprehensive income attributable to:
 Owners of the Company                                                             6,092,415                6,625,971
 Non-controlling interests                                                            83,896                   92,592


                                                                                   6,176,311                6,718,563


 Earnings per share for profit attributable to ordinary
  equity holders of the Company (expressed in RMB per
  share)
  – basic                                                         36                       0.58                     0.65


   – diluted                                                      36                       0.58                     0.64


The notes on pages 192 to 336 are an integral part of these financial statements.




                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020     187
             CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY



                                                 Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                                         Non-
                                              Share                    Retained                    controlling       Total
                                             capital     Reserves      earnings        Total         interests      equity
                                            RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000


      Balance as at 1 January 2019         10,232,497   26,880,662   39,490,695     76,603,854      1,370,853    77,974,707

      Comprehensive income
      Profit for the year                           –            –    6,616,265      6,616,265         92,592     6,708,857
      Other comprehensive income, net of
       tax                                          –        9,706             –           9,706            –         9,706


      Total comprehensive income                    –        9,706    6,616,265      6,625,971         92,592     6,718,563


      Transactions with owners in their
       capacity as owners
      Appropriation to statutory surplus
       reserve fund                                 –      923,443      (923,443)              –            –             –
      Dividend declared by the Company
       and subsidiaries                             –            –    (3,377,880)   (3,377,880)       (98,649)   (3,476,529)
      Contribution from non-controlling
       shareholders of subsidiaries                 –            –             –               –    1,093,525     1,093,525
      Transactions with non-controlling
       interests                                    –      138,640             –         138,640     (138,640)            –
      Employee share scheme
       – Value of employee services                 –      158,980             –         158,980            –      158,980
       – Proceeds from shares issued            5,210       17,567             –          22,777            –       22,777
      Convertible bonds
       – Conversion of convertible bonds           1             3             –               4            –            4
      Others                                       –        15,765             –          15,765          454       16,219


      Total transactions with owners in
       their capacity as owners                 5,211    1,254,398    (4,301,323)   (3,041,714)       856,690    (2,185,024)


      Balance as at 31 December 2019       10,237,708   28,144,766   41,805,637     80,188,111      2,320,135    82,508,246




188
                                                           Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity




                                               Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                                          Non-
                                            Share                    Retained                       controlling           Total
                                           capital     Reserves      earnings          Total          interests          equity
                                          RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000           RMB’000


 Balance as at 1 January 2020            10,237,708   28,144,766    41,805,637     80,188,111        2,320,135       82,508,246

 Comprehensive income
 Profit for the year                              –            –     5,964,055       5,964,055           83,896       6,047,951
 Other comprehensive income, net of
  tax                                             –      128,360              –        128,360                 –        128,360


 Total comprehensive income                       –      128,360     5,964,055       6,092,415           83,896       6,176,311


 Transactions with owners in their
  capacity as owners
 Appropriation to statutory surplus
  reserve fund                                    –      757,660      (757,660)               –                –                 –
 Appropriation to general reserve fund            –       72,167       (72,167)               –                –                 –
 Dividend declared by the Company
  and subsidiaries                                –            –    (1,842,794)     (1,842,794)         (67,788)     (1,910,582)
 Contribution from non-controlling
  shareholders of subsidiaries                    –            –              –               –          17,670          17,670
 Transactions with non-controlling
  interests (Note 40)                             –       (4,441)             –          (4,441)        (15,134)         (19,575)
 Employee share scheme (Note 23)
  – Value of employee services                   –      (195,528)             –       (195,528)                –       (195,528)
  – Proceeds from shares issued            111,766       (14,148)             –         97,618                 –         97,618
 Convertible bonds (Note 26(g))
  – Conversion of convertible bonds            223         2,957              –          3,180                –           3,180
 Others                                          –        36,470              –         36,470             (182)         36,288


 Total transactions with owners in
  their capacity as owners                 111,989       655,137    (2,672,621)     (1,905,495)         (65,434)     (1,970,929)


 Balance as at 31 December 2020          10,349,697   28,928,263    45,097,071     84,375,031        2,338,597       86,713,628


The notes on pages 192 to 336 are an integral part of these financial statements.




                                                                     Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020       189
            CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS


                                                                             Year ended 31 December
                                                                                  2020           2019
                                                                     Note      RMB’000        RMB’000

      Cash flows from operating activities
       Cash used in operations                                       38(a)    (3,188,165)    (2,117,561)
       Interest received                                                         441,744        604,696
       Interest paid                                                            (635,841)      (614,913)
       Income tax paid                                                          (288,480)      (260,033)


       Net cash used in operating activities                                  (3,670,742)    (2,387,811)


      Cash flows from investing activities
       Purchases of property, plant and equipment, right-of-use
          assets and intangible assets                                        (6,585,557)   (10,100,641)
       Proceeds from sales of property, plant and equipment and
          intangible assets                                                     102,865           43,187
       Additional capital injection in joint ventures                          (932,126)         (77,500)
       Additional capital injection in associates                              (406,493)       (421,809)
       Set-up of joint ventures                                                (173,530)       (431,010)
       Set-up of associates                                                    (107,410)       (957,082)
       Disposals or capital reduction of joint ventures and
          associates                                                             93,340         76,352
       Acquisition of investment in financial assets at fair value
          through profit or loss, other comprehensive income and
          at amortised cost                                                   (4,952,216)    (2,721,535)
       Disposal of investment in financial assets at fair value
          through profit or loss, other comprehensive income and
          at amortised cost                                                   4,149,298      2,212,346
       Proceeds from investment income from financial
          instruments                                                            171,296       192,296
       Granting of entrusted loans                                            (1,029,961)     (240,000)
       Proceeds from repayment of entrusted loans                                506,546       196,415
       Receipt of government grants related to assets                            245,133       192,744
       Dividends received                                                      9,730,316     7,886,516
       (Increase)/decrease in time deposits                                   (3,698,816)    3,380,951
       Decrease in restricted cash related to investment                               –       636,300
       Proceeds from repayment of asset-based loans                                    –        80,066
       Payment for investment deposits                                           (50,969)            –


      Net cash used in investing activities                                   (2,938,284)       (52,404)


190
                                                             Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows




                                                                                 Year ended 31 December
                                                                                        2020                     2019
                                                                 Note                RMB’000                  RMB’000

 Cash flows from financing activities
  Proceeds from issuance of ordinary shares under employee
    share option scheme                                                                  97,618                   22,777
  Proceeds from issuance of restricted shares under
    employee incentive scheme                                                          509,486                             –
  Contribution from non-controlling shareholders of
    subsidiaries                                                                       17,670                 1,093,525
  Dividend paid to shareholders of the Company                                     (1,842,794)               (3,377,880)
  Dividend paid to non-controlling interests in subsidiaries                          (73,578)                   (85,625)
  Proceeds from borrowings                                       38(c)              8,926,433                 4,845,290
  Repayments of borrowings                                       38(c)             (8,428,429)               (3,872,507)
  Acquisition of repurchasing financial assets                   38(c)               (150,143)                 (126,720)
  Transactions with non-controlling interests                     40                  (19,575)                         –
  Principal element of lease payments                            38(c)               (238,952)                 (194,192)
  Other proceeds from/(repayments of) financing activities       38(c)                 24,259                    (15,205)


 Net cash used in financing activities                                             (1,178,005)               (1,710,537)


 Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents                                         (7,787,031)               (4,150,752)
  Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year                               23,604,986               27,729,586
  Exchange (losses)/gains on cash and cash equivalents                                (26,558)                   26,152


 Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year                                      15,791,397               23,604,986


The notes on pages 192 to 336 are an integral part of these financial statements




                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020       191
        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  1.   GENERAL INFORMATION
       Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (together, the “Group”) are
       principally engaged in the manufacturing and sale of automobiles, engines and other automotive parts and
       rendering of financial services. The Company’s holding company is Guangzhou Automobile Industry Group
       Co., Ltd. (“GAIG”), a state-owned enterprise incorporated in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”).


       The registered address of the Company is 23/F, Chengyue Building, No. 448 – No. 458, Dong Feng
       Zhong Road, Yuexiu District, Guangzhou, Guangdong, the PRC.


       The Company was established in June 1997 as a limited liability company in the PRC. In June 2005,
       the Company underwent a reorganisation and transformed itself into a joint stock company with limited
       liability under the Company Law of the PRC. The Company’s shares have been listed on Hong Kong
       Stock Exchange (the “HKSE”) and Shanghai Stock Exchange (“SSE”) since 30 August 2010 and 29 March
       2012, respectively.


       These financial statements are presented in thousands of Renminbi Yuan (“RMB”), unless otherwise stated.



  2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
       The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements are
       set out below. These policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise
       stated.


       2.1   Basis of preparation
             The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance with all
             applicable Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRS”) and disclosure requirements of
             the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance Cap.622. The consolidated financial statements have been
             prepared on a historical cost basis, except for certain financial assets which are measured at fair
             value.


             The preparation of financial statements in conformity with HKFRS requires the use of certain critical
             accounting estimates. It also requires management to exercise its judgement in the process of
             applying the Group’s accounting policies. The areas involving a higher degree of judgement or
             complexity, or areas where assumptions and estimates are significant to the consolidated financial
             statements are disclosed in Note 4.




192
                                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     2.1   Basis of preparation (Continued)

           2.1.1 Accounting policy and disclosures
                (a)   New and amended standards and interpretations adopted by the Group
                      The Group has applied the following standards and amendments to existing standards
                      and interpretation for the first time for their annual reporting period commencing 1
                      January 2020:


                      Standards/Amendments                              Subject of Standards/Amendments


                      HKFRS 3 (Amendments)                              Definition of a Business
                      HKAS 1 and HKAS 8 (Amendments)                    Definition of Material
                      HKFRS 7, HKFRS 9 and HKAS 39                      Interest Rate Benchmark Reform
                       (Amendments)
                      Conceptual for Financial Reporting 2018           Revised Conceptual Framework for
                                                                         Financial Reporting
                      HKFRS 16 (Amendments) (i)                         Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions

                      (i)   Any rent concession related to Covid-19 affects only payments due on or before 30 June 2021.


                      The standards and amendments listed above did not have any impact on the amounts
                      recognised in prior periods and are not expected to significantly affect the current or
                      future periods.




                                                                  Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   193
        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
       2.1   Basis of preparation (Continued)

             2.1.1 Accounting policy and disclosures (Continued)
                  (b)   New standards, amendments to existing standards and interpretations not yet
                        adopted
                        Certain new accounting standards, amendments to existing standards and interpretations
                        have been published that are not mandatory for 31 December 2020 reporting periods
                        and have not been early adopted by the group. These standards are not expected to
                        have a material impact on the Group in the current or future reporting periods and on
                        foreseeable future transactions.


                                                                                                   Effective for accounting
                        Standards/Amendments /              Subject of standards /                 periods beginning on or
                        Interpretations                     amendments/interpretations             after


                        HKFRS 9, HKAS 39, HKFRS 4,          Interest Rate Benchmark Reform –       1 January 2021
                          HKFRS 7 and HKFRS 16                 Phase 2
                          (Amendments)
                        HKAS 16 (Amendments)                Property, Plant and Equipment:           1 January 2022
                                                               Proceeds before Intended Use
                        HKAS 37 (Amendments)                Onerous Contracts – Cost of Fulfilling 1 January 2022
                                                               a Contract
                        HKFRS 3 (Amendments)                Reference to the Conceptual              1 January 2022
                                                               Framework
                        Revised Accounting Guideline 5      Merger Accounting for Common             1 January 2022
                                                               Control Combination
                        Annual Improvements to              Amendments to HKFRS1, HKFRS9, 1 January 2022
                          HKFRS standards 2018-2020            HKFRS16 and HKAS41
                        HKAS 1 (Amendments)                 Classification of Liabilities as Current 1 January 2023
                                                               or Non-current
                        HKFRS 17                            Insurance Contracts                      1 January 2023
                        Hong Kong Interpretation 5 (2020)   Presentation of Financial Statements 1 January 2023
                                                               – Classification by the Borrower
                                                               of a Term Loan that Contains a
                                                               Repayment on Demand Clause
                        HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28                Sale or Contribution of Assets           To be determined
                          (Amendments)                         between an Investor and its
                                                               Associate or Joint Venture
194
                                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     2.2   Principles of consolidation and equity accounting

           2.2.1 Subsidiaries
                Subsidiaries are all entities (including structured entities) over which the Group has control.
                The Group controls an entity when the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns
                from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its
                power to direct the activities of the entity. Subsidiaries are fully consolidated from the date
                on which control is transferred to the Group. They are deconsolidated from the date that
                control ceases.


                The acquisition method of accounting is used to account for business combinations by the
                Group (refer to Note 2.3).


                Intercompany transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions between group
                companies are eliminated. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides
                evidence of an impairment of the transferred asset. Accounting policies of subsidiaries have
                been changed where necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.


                Non-controlling interests in the results and equity of subsidiaries are shown separately in the
                profit or loss, comprehensive income, equity and balance sheet, respectively.


           2.2.2 Associates
                Associates are all entities over which the Group has significant influence but not control or
                joint control. This is generally the case where the Group holds between 20% and 50% of
                the voting rights. Investments in associates are accounted for using the equity method of
                accounting (Note 2.2.4), after initially being recognised at cost.


           2.2.3 Joint ventures
                Under HKFRS 11 Joint Arrangements investments in joint arrangements are classified as
                either joint operations or joint ventures. The classification depends on the contractual rights
                and obligations of each investor, rather than the legal structure of the joint arrangement.


                Interests in joint ventures are accounted for using the equity method (Note 2.2.4), after initially
                being recognised at cost in the consolidated balance sheet.




                                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   195
        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
       2.2   Principles of consolidation and equity accounting (Continued)

             2.2.4 Equity method
                  Under the equity method of accounting, the investments are initially recognised at cost and
                  adjusted thereafter to recognise the Group’s share of the post-acquisition profits or losses of
                  the investee in profit or loss, and the Group’s share of movements in other comprehensive
                  income of the investee in other comprehensive income. Dividends received or receivable
                  from associates and joint ventures are recognised as a reduction in the carrying amount of
                  the investment.


                  When the Group’s share of losses in an equity-accounted investment equals or exceeds its
                  interest in the entity, including any other unsecured long-term receivables, the Group does
                  not recognise further losses, unless it has incurred obligations or made payments on behalf
                  of the other entity.


                  Unrealised gains on transactions between the Group and its associates and joint ventures are
                  eliminated to the extent of the Group’s interest in these entities. Unrealised losses are also
                  eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an impairment of the asset transferred.
                  Accounting policies of equity accounted investees have been changed where necessary to
                  ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.


                  The carrying amount of equity-accounted investments is tested for impairment in accordance
                  with the policy described in Note 2.11.


             2.2.5 Changes in ownership interests
                  The Group treats transactions with non-controlling interests that do not result in a loss of
                  control as transactions with equity owners of the Group. A change in ownership interest results
                  in an adjustment between the carrying amounts of the controlling and non-controlling interests
                  to reflect their relative interests in the subsidiary. Any difference between the amount of the
                  adjustment to non-controlling interests and any consideration paid or received is recognised
                  in a separate reserve within equity attributable to owners of the company.




196
                                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     2.2   Principles of consolidation and equity accounting (Continued)

           2.2.5 Changes in ownership interests (Continued)
                 When the Group ceases to consolidate or equity account for an investment because of a loss
                 of control, joint control or significant influence, any retained interest in the entity is remeasured
                 to its fair value with the change in carrying amount recognised in profit or loss. This fair value
                 becomes the initial carrying amount for the purposes of subsequently accounting for the
                 retained interest as an associate, joint venture or financial asset. In addition, any amounts
                 previously recognised in other comprehensive income in respect of that entity are accounted
                 for as if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities. This may mean
                 that amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income are reclassified to profit or
                 loss or transferred to another category of equity as specified/permitted by applicable HKFRSs.


                 If the ownership interest in a joint venture or an associate is reduced but joint control
                 or significant influence is retained, only a proportionate share of the amounts previously
                 recognised in other comprehensive income are reclassified to profit or loss where appropriate.


     2.3   Business combinations
           The acquisition method of accounting is used to account for all business combinations, regardless
           of whether equity instruments or other assets are acquired. The consideration transferred for the
           acquisition of a subsidiary comprises the:


           •     fair values of the assets transferred


           •     liabilities incurred to the former owners of the acquired business


           •     equity interests issued by the Group


           •     fair value of any asset or liability resulting from a contingent consideration arrangement, and


           •     fair value of any pre-existing equity interest in the subsidiary.


           Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed in a business combination
           are, with limited exceptions, measured initially at their fair values at the acquisition date. The Group
           recognises any non-controlling interest in the acquired entity on an acquisition-by-acquisition basis
           either at fair value or at the non-controlling interest’s proportionate share of the acquired entity’s
           net identifiable assets.

                                                                  Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   197
        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
       2.3   Business combinations (Continued)
             Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred.


             The excess of the


             •     consideration transferred,


             •     amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquired entity, and


             •     acquisition-date fair value of any previous equity interest in the acquired entity


             over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. If those amounts
             are less than the fair value of the net identifiable assets of the business acquired, the difference is
             recognised directly in profit or loss as a bargain purchase.


             Where settlement of any part of cash consideration is deferred, the amounts payable in the future
             are discounted to their present value as at the date of exchange. The discount rate used is the
             entity’s incremental borrowing rate, being the rate at which a similar borrowing could be obtained
             from an independent financier under comparable terms and conditions. Contingent consideration
             is classified either as equity or a financial liability. Amounts classified as a financial liability are
             subsequently remeasured to fair value with changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss.


             If the business combination is achieved in stages, the acquisition date carrying value of the acquirer’s
             previously held equity interest in the acquiree is remeasured to fair value at the acquisition date.
             Any gains or losses arising from such remeasurement are recognised in profit or loss.


       2.4   Separate financial statements
             Investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at cost less impairment. Cost includes direct attributable
             costs of investment. The results of subsidiaries are accounted for by the company on the basis of
             dividend received and receivable.


             Impairment testing of the investments in subsidiaries is required upon receiving a dividend from
             these investments if the dividend exceeds the total comprehensive income of the subsidiary in the
             period the dividend is declared or if the carrying amount of the investment in the separate financial
             statements exceeds the carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements of the investee’s
             net assets including goodwill.


198
                                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     2.5   Segment reporting
           Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the
           chief operating decision-maker. The chief operating decision-maker, who is responsible for allocating
           resources and assessing performance of the operating segments, has been identified as executive
           directors that make strategic decisions.


     2.6   Foreign currency translation

           (a)   Functional and presentation currency
                 Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using
                 the currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the “functional
                 currency”). The consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), which
                 is the Company’s functional and the Group’s presentation currency.


           (b)   Transactions and balances
                 Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange
                 rates prevailing at the dates of the transactions or valuation where items are re-measured.
                 Foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions and
                 from the translation at year-end exchange rates of monetary assets and liabilities denominated
                 in foreign currencies are recognised in the profit or loss, except when deferred in equity as
                 qualifying cash flow hedges and qualifying net investment hedges.


                 Foreign exchange gains and losses that relate to borrowings are presented in the consolidated
                 statement of comprehensive income within ‘finance costs’. All other foreign exchange gains
                 and losses are presented in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income within
                 ‘other gains – net’.


           (c)   Group companies
                 The results and financial position of all the Group entities (none of which has the currency of
                 a hyper-inflationary economy) that have a functional currency different from the presentation
                 currency are translated into the presentation currency as follows:


                 (i)    assets and liabilities for each consolidated balance sheet presented are translated at
                        the closing rate at the date of that consolidated balance sheet;




                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   199
        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
       2.6   Foreign currency translation (Continued)

             (c)   Group companies (Continued)
                   (ii)    income and expenses for each consolidated statement of comprehensive income
                           are translated at average exchange rates (unless this average is not a reasonable
                           approximation of the cumulative effect of the rates prevailing on the transaction dates,
                           in which case income and expenses are translated at the rate on the dates of the
                           transactions); and


                   (iii)   all resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income.


                   On consolidation, exchange differences arising from the translation of any net investment in
                   foreign entities, and of borrowings and other financial instruments designated as hedges of
                   such investments, are recognised in other comprehensive income. When a foreign operation
                   is sold or any borrowings forming part of the net investment are repaid, the associated
                   exchange differences are reclassified to profit or loss, as part of the gain or loss on sale.


                   Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on the acquisition of a foreign entity are treated
                   as assets and liabilities of the foreign entity and translated at the closing rate. Exchange
                   differences arising are recognised in other comprehensive income.


             (d)   Disposal of foreign operation and partial disposal
                   On the disposal of a foreign operation (that is, a disposal of the Group’s entire interest in
                   a foreign operation, or a disposal involving loss of control over a subsidiary that includes a
                   foreign operation, a disposal involving loss of joint control over a joint venture that includes
                   a foreign operation, or a disposal involving loss of significant influence over an associate
                   that includes a foreign operation), all of the exchange differences accumulated in equity in
                   respect of that operation attributable to the equity holders of the Company are reclassified
                   to profit or loss.


                   In the case of a partial disposal that does not result in the Group losing control over a
                   subsidiary that includes a foreign operation, the proportionate share of accumulated currency
                   translation differences are re-attributed to non-controlling interests and are not recognised
                   in profit or loss. For all other partial disposals (that is, reductions in the Group’s ownership
                   interest in associates or joint ventures that do not result in the Group losing significant
                   influence or joint control), the proportionate share of the accumulated exchange difference
                   is reclassified to profit or loss.


200
                                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     2.7   Property, plant and equipment
           Buildings comprise mainly factories and offices. All property, plant and equipment are stated at
           historical cost less depreciation. Historical cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to
           the acquisition of the items.


           Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset,
           as appropriate, only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item
           will flow to the Group and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of
           the replaced part is derecognised. All other repairs and maintenance are charged to profit or loss
           during the financial period in which they are incurred.


           Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their costs to their residual
           values over their estimated useful lives, as follows:


                                                                                   Useful lives           Residual rate


           – Buildings                                                              20-50 years                  0%-10%
           – Machinery                                                               5-15 years                  0%-10%
           – Vehicles                                                                4-12 years                  0%-10%
           – Moulds                                                                   3-5 years                  0%-10%
           – Office and other equipment                                              3-20 years                  0%-12%
           – Leasehold improvement                                                   2-20 years                      0%


           Furniture, fittings and equipment include assets received in the form of free store fit outs are
           recognised at their fair value. These assets and other leasehold improvements are depreciated
           over the shorter of their useful life or the lease term, unless the entity expects to use the assets
           beyond the lease term.


           The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end
           of each reporting period.


           An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s
           carrying amount is greater than its estimated recoverable amount.


           Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing the proceeds with the carrying amount
           and are recognised within “other gains – net” in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income.


                                                                 Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   201
        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
       2.8   Construction in progress
             Construction in progress represents property, plant and equipment and investment properties
             under construction and pending installation and is stated at cost less accumulated impairment
             losses, if any. Cost includes the costs of construction of buildings, the cost of plant and machinery
             and interest charges arising from borrowings used to finance these assets during the period of
             construction or installation and testing, if any. No provision for depreciation is made on construction
             in progress until such time as the relevant assets are completed and are available for intended use.
             When the assets concerned are brought into use, the costs are transferred to property, plant and
             equipment and investment properties and depreciated in accordance with the policy as stated in
             the preceding paragraphs.


       2.9   Investment properties
             Properties that are held for long-term rental yields or for capital appreciation or both, and that are
             not occupied by the companies of the Group, are classified as investment properties. The Group
             applies cost model for recognition of investment properties.


             Investment properties are measured initially at its cost, including related transaction costs. After
             initial recognition, investment properties are stated at historical cost less accumulated depreciation
             and impairment losses.

             Subsequent expenditure is charged to the asset’s carrying amount only when it is probable that
             future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Group and the cost of the item
             can be measured reliably. All other repairs and maintenance costs are expensed in the consolidated
             statement of comprehensive income during the financial period in which they are incurred.


             Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their costs to their residual
             values over their estimated useful lives of 20 to 50 years with residual value of 0% to 10%.


             The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end
             of each reporting period.


             An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s
             carrying amount is greater than its estimated recoverable amount.




202
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     2.10 Intangible assets

          (a)   Goodwill
                Goodwill arises on the acquisition of subsidiaries represents the excess of the consideration
                transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquiree and the acquisition-date
                fair value of any previous equity interest in the acquiree over the fair value of the identified
                net assets acquired.

                For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is allocated
                to each of the cash-generating units (“CGUs”), or groups of CGUs, that is expected to benefit
                from the synergies of the combination. Each unit or group of units to which the goodwill is
                allocated represents the lowest level within the entity at which the goodwill is monitored for
                internal management purposes. Goodwill is monitored at the operating segment level.


                Goodwill impairment reviews are undertaken annually or more frequently if events or changes
                in circumstances indicate a potential impairment. The carrying value of goodwill is compared
                to the recoverable amount, which is the higher of value in use and the fair value less cost of
                disposal. Any impairment is recognised immediately as an expense and is not subsequently
                reversed.


          (b)   Patent, proprietary technology and franchise right
                Purchased patents, proprietary technology and franchise right are initially recorded at actual
                cost and are amortised on a straight-line basis over their useful lives of 5 to 10 years.


          (c)   Computer software
                Acquired computer software licenses are capitalised on the basis of the costs incurred to
                acquire and bring to use the specific software. These costs are amortised on a straight-line
                basis over their estimated useful lives of 2 to 10 years.




                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   203
        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
       2.10 Intangible assets (Continued)

            (d)   Research and development costs
                  Research costs are expensed as incurred. An intangible asset arising from development
                  expenditure on the Group’s proprietary brands project is recognised only when the Group
                  can demonstrate the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be
                  available for use or sale, its intention to complete and its ability to use or sell the asset, how
                  the asset will generate future economic benefits, the availability of resources to complete and
                  the ability to measure reliably the expenditure during the development. Following the initial
                  recognition of the development expenditure, the cost model is applied requiring the asset to
                  be carried at cost less any accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses.
                  Any expenditure capitalised is amortised over the period of expected future sales from the
                  related project ranging from 5 to 10 years.


                  The carrying value of development costs is reviewed for impairment annually when the asset
                  is not yet in use, or more frequently when an indication of impairment arises during a financial
                  period.


       2.11 Impairment of non-financial assets
            Assets that have an indefinite useful life, for example, goodwill or intangible assets not ready to use,
            are not subject to amortisation and are tested annually for impairment, or more frequently if events
            or changes in circumstances indicate that they might be impaired. Other assets that are subject to
            amortisation are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that
            the carrying amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by
            which the asset’s carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the
            higher of an asset’s fair value less cost of disposal and value in use. For the purposes of assessing
            impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels for which there are separately identifiable cash
            flows (CGUs). Non-financial assets other than goodwill that suffered an impairment are reviewed
            for possible reversal of the impairment at each reporting date.




204
                                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     2.12 Non-current assets (or disposal groups) held-for-sale and discontinued operations
          Non-current assets (or disposal groups) are classified as held for sale when their carrying amounts
          are to be recovered principally through a sale transaction and a sale is considered highly probable.
          The non-current assets (except for certain assets as explained below), (or disposal groups), are
          stated at the lower of carrying amount and fair value less cost of disposal. Deferred tax assets,
          assets arising from employee benefits, financial assets (other than investments in subsidiaries and
          associates) and investment properties, even if held for sale, would continue to be measured in
          accordance with the policies set out elsewhere in Note 2.


          A discontinued operation is a component of the Group’s business, the operations and cash flows
          of which can be clearly distinguished from the rest of the Group and which represents a separate
          major line of business or geographic area of operations, or is part of a single coordinated plan to
          dispose of a separate major line of business or geographical area of operations, or is a subsidiary
          acquired exclusively with a view to resale.


          When an operation is classified as discontinued, a single amount is presented in the statement
          of comprehensive income, which comprises the post-tax profit or loss and other comprehensive
          income of the discontinued operation and the post-tax gain or loss recognised on the measurement
          to fair value less cost of disposal, or on the disposal, of the assets or disposal group(s) constituting
          the discontinued operation.


     2.13 Investments and other financial assets

          2.13.1 Classification
                The Group classifies its financial assets in the following measurement categories:


                •      those to be measured subsequently at fair value (either through other comprehensive
                       income (“OCI”), or through profit or loss), and


                •      those to be measured at amortised cost.


                The classification depends on the entity’s business model for managing the financial assets
                and the contractual terms of the cash flows.




                                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   205
        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
       2.13 Investments and other financial assets (Continued)

            2.13.1 Classification (Continued)
                  For assets measured at fair value, gains and losses will either be recorded in profit or loss
                  or OCI. For investments in equity instruments that are not held for trading, this will depend
                  on whether the Group has made an irrevocable election at the time of initial recognition to
                  account for the equity investment at fair value through other comprehensive income (“FVOCI”).

                  The Group reclassifies debt investments when and only when its business model for managing
                  those assets changes.


            2.13.2 Recognition and derecognition
                  Regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on trade-date, the date
                  on which the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Financial assets are derecognised
                  when the rights to receive cash flows from the financial assets have expired or have been
                  transferred and the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership.


            2.13.3 Measurement


                  At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case
                  of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss (“FVPL”), transaction costs that are
                  directly attributable to the acquisition of the financial asset. Transaction costs of financial
                  assets carried at FVPL are expensed in profit or loss.


                  Financial assets with embedded derivatives are considered in their entirety when determining
                  whether their cash flows are solely payment of principal and interest.




206
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     2.13 Investments and other financial assets (Continued)

          2.13.3 Measurement (Continued)
                Debt instruments
                Subsequent measurement of debt instruments depends on the Group’s business model
                for managing the asset and the cash flow characteristics of the asset. There are three
                measurement categories into which the Group classifies its debt instruments:


                •    Amortised cost: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where
                     those cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest are measured at
                     amortised cost. Interest income from these financial assets is included in finance income
                     using the effective interest rate method. Any gain or loss arising on derecognition is
                     recognised directly in profit or loss and presented in “other gains – net”, together with
                     foreign exchange gains and losses. Impairment losses are presented in the statement
                     of comprehensive income.


                •    FVOCI: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows and for selling the
                     financial assets, where the assets’ cash flows represent solely payments of principal
                     and interest, are measured at FVOCI. Movements in the carrying amount are taken
                     through OCI, except for the recognition of impairment gains or losses, interest revenue
                     and foreign exchange gains and losses which are recognised in profit or loss. When
                     the financial asset is derecognised, the cumulative gain or loss previously recognised
                     in OCI is reclassified from equity to profit or loss and recognised in “other gains –
                     net”. Interest income from these financial assets is included in finance income using
                     the effective interest rate method. Foreign exchange gains and losses are presented
                     in “other gains – net” and impairment expenses are presented in the statement of
                     comprehensive income gains and losses. Impairment losses are presented in the
                     statement of comprehensive income.


                •    FVPL: Assets that do not meet the criteria for amortised cost or FVOCI are measured
                     at FVPL. A gain or loss on a debt investment that is subsequently measured at FVPL
                     is recognised in profit or loss and presented net within “other gains – net” in the period
                     in which it arises.




                                                             Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   207
        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
       2.13 Investments and other financial assets (Continued)

            2.13.3 Measurement (Continued)
                  Equity instruments
                  The Group subsequently measures all equity investments at fair value. Where the Group’s
                  management has elected to present fair value gains and losses on equity investments in
                  OCI, there is no subsequent reclassification of fair value gains and losses to profit or loss
                  following the derecognition of the investment. Dividends from such investments continue to
                  be recognised in profit or loss as other income when the Group’s right to receive payments
                  is established.


                  Changes in the fair value of financial assets at FVPL are recognised in “other gains – net” in
                  the statement of comprehensive income as applicable. Impairment losses (and reversal of
                  impairment losses) on equity investments measured at FVOCI are not reported separately
                  from other changes in fair value.


            2.13.4 Impairment
                  The Group assesses on a forward looking basis the expected credit losses associated with its
                  debt instruments carried at amortised cost and FVOCI. The impairment methodology applied
                  depends on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk.


                  For trade receivables, the Group applies the simplified approach permitted by HKFRS 9, which
                  requires expected lifetime losses to be recognised from initial recognition of the receivables,
                  see Note 18 for further details.


       2.14 Offsetting financial instruments
            Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount reported in the consolidated balance
            sheet when there is a legally enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an
            intention to settle on a net basis or realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously. The
            legally enforceable right must not be contingent on future events and must be enforceable in the
            normal course of business and in the event of default, insolvency or bankruptcy of the company
            or the counterparty.




208
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     2.15 Financial guarantee contracts
          Financial guarantee contracts are recognised as a financial liability at the time the guarantee is
          issued. The liability is initially measured at fair value and subsequently at the higher of


          •     the amount determined in accordance with the expected credit loss model under HKFRS 9
                Financial Instruments and


          •     the amount initially recognised less, where appropriate, the cumulative amount of income
                recognised in accordance with the principles of HKFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with
                Customers.


          The fair value of financial guarantees is determined based on the present value of the difference in
          cash flows between the contractual payments required under the debt instrument and the payments
          that would be required without the guarantee, or the estimated amount that would be payable to
          a third party for assuming the obligations.


          Where guarantees in relation to loans or other payables of associates are provided for no
          compensation, the fair values are accounted for as contributions and recognised as part of the
          cost of the investment.


     2.16 Inventories
          Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined using the
          weighted average method. The cost of finished goods and work in progress comprises design costs,
          raw materials, direct labour, other direct costs and related production overheads (based on normal
          operating capacity). It excludes borrowing costs. Net realisable value is the estimated selling price
          in the ordinary course of business, less applicable variable selling expenses.




                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   209
        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
       2.17 Trade receivables
            Trade receivables are amounts due from customers for goods sold or services performed in the
            ordinary course of business. If collection of trade and other receivables is expected in one year or
            less (or in the normal operating cycle of the business if longer), they are classified as current assets.
            If not, they are presented as non-current assets.

            Trade receivables are recognised initially at the amount of consideration that is unconditional unless
            they contain significant financing components, when they are recognised at fair value. The Group
            holds the trade receivables with the objective to collect the contractual cash flows and therefore
            measures them subsequently at amortised cost using the effective interest method. See Note 2.13.4
            for a description of the Group’s impairment policies.


       2.18 Cash and cash equivalents
            For the purpose of presentation in the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash
            equivalents includes cash on hand, deposits held at call with banks, other short-term, highly liquid
            investments with original maturities of three months or less that are readily convertible to known
            amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.


       2.19 Share capital
            Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new
            shares or options are shown in equity as a deduction, net of tax, from the proceeds.


       2.20 Trade and other payables
            These amounts represent obligations to pay for goods or services that have been acquired in the
            ordinary course of business from suppliers. Trade and other payables are classified as current
            liabilities if payment is due within one year or less (or in the normal operating cycle of the business
            if longer). If not, they are presented as non-current liabilities.


            They are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost using the
            effective interest method.




210
                                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     2.21 Borrowings
          Borrowings are recognised initially at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are
          subsequently carried at amortised cost; any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction
          costs) and the redemption value is recognised in profit or loss over the period of the borrowings
          using the effective interest method.

          The fair value of the liability component of a convertible bond is determined using a market interest
          rate for an equivalent non-convertible bond. This amount is recorded as a liability on an amortised
          cost basis until extinguished on conversion or maturity of the bonds. The remainder of the proceeds
          is allocated to the conversion option. This is recognised and included in shareholders’ equity, net
          of income tax effects.


          Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer
          settlement of the liability for at least 12 months after the end of the reporting period.


     2.22 Borrowing costs
          General and specific borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production
          of qualifying assets, which are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready
          for their intended use or sale, are added to the cost of those assets, until such time as the assets
          are substantially ready for their intended use or sale.

          Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their
          expenditure on qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation.


          Other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.


     2.23 Current and deferred income tax
          The tax expense for the period comprises current and deferred tax. Tax is recognised in profit or
          loss, except to the extent that it relates to items recognised in other comprehensive income or
          directly in equity. In this case the tax is also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly
          in equity, respectively.




                                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   211
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
       2.23 Current and deferred income tax (Continued)

            (a)   Current income tax
                  The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or
                  substantively enacted at the consolidated balance sheet date in the countries where the
                  Company’s subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures operate and generate taxable income.
                  Management periodically evaluates positions taken in tax returns with respect to situations in
                  which applicable tax regulation is subject to interpretation and considers whether it is probable
                  that a taxation authority will accept an uncertain tax treatment. The group measures its tax
                  balances either based on the most likely amount or the expected value, depending on which
                  method provides a better prediction of the resolution of the uncertainty.


            (b)   Deferred income tax
                  Inside basis differences
                  Deferred income tax is recognised, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising
                  between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated
                  financial statements. However, deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if they arise from the
                  initial recognition of goodwill, the deferred income tax is not accounted for if it arises from
                  initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction other than a business combination that
                  at the time of the transaction affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss. Deferred
                  income tax is determined using tax rates (and laws) that have been enacted or substantively
                  enacted by the consolidated balance sheet date and are expected to apply when the related
                  deferred income tax asset is realised or the deferred income tax liability is settled.


                  Deferred income tax assets are recognised only to the extent that it is probable that future
                  taxable profit will be available against which the temporary differences can be utilised.


                  Outside basis differences
                  Deferred income tax is provided on temporary differences arising on investments in subsidiaries,
                  associates and joint ventures, except for deferred income tax liability where the timing of the
                  reversal of the temporary difference is controlled by the Group and it is probable that the
                  temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.




212
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     2.23 Current and deferred income tax (Continued)

          (c)   Offsetting
                Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right
                to offset current tax assets against current tax liabilities and when the deferred income taxes
                assets and liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on either the
                taxable entity or different taxable entities where there is an intention to settle the balances
                on a net basis.


     2.24 Employee benefits

          (a)   Short-term obligations
                Liabilities for wages and salaries, including non-monetary benefits and accumulating sick
                leave that are expected to be settled wholly within 12 months after the end of the period
                in which the employees render the related service are recognised in respect of employees’
                services up to the end of the reporting period and are measured at the amounts expected
                to be paid when the liabilities are settled. The liabilities are presented as current employee
                benefit obligations in the consolidated balance sheet.


          (b)   Post-employment obligations
                The Group operates various post-employment schemes, including both defined benefit and
                defined contribution pension plans and post-employment medical plans.


                Pension obligations
                The liability or asset recognised in the consolidated balance sheet in respect of defined
                benefit pension plans is the present value of the defined benefit obligation at the end of the
                reporting period less the fair value of plan assets. The defined benefit obligation is calculated
                annually by independent actuaries using the projected unit credit method.


                The present value of the defined benefit obligation is determined by discounting the estimated
                future cash outflows using interest rates of government bonds that are denominated in the
                currency in which the benefits will be paid, and that have terms approximating to the terms
                of the related obligation.




                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   213
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
       2.24 Employee benefits (Continued)

            (b)   Post-employment obligations (Continued)
                  Pension obligations (Continued)
                  The net interest cost is calculated by applying the discount rate to the net balance of the
                  defined benefit obligation and the fair value of plan assets. This cost is included in employee
                  benefit expense in the statement of profit or loss.


                  Remeasurement gains and losses arising from experience adjustments and changes in
                  actuarial assumptions are recognised in the period in which they occur, directly in other
                  comprehensive income. They are included in retained earnings in the consolidated statement
                  of changes in equity and in the consolidated balance sheet.


                  Changes in the present value of the defined benefit obligation resulting from plan amendments
                  or curtailments are recognised immediately in profit or loss as past service costs.


                  The Group participates in the defined contribution employee retirement schemes regarding
                  pension benefits required under existing PRC legislation. The defined contribution plan is a
                  pension plan under which the Group pays contributions into a separate entity. The Group
                  has no legal or constructive obligations to pay further contributions if the fund does not hold
                  sufficient assets to pay all employees the benefits relating to employee service in the current
                  and prior periods.


                  Other post-employment obligations
                  Some group companies provide post-retirement healthcare benefits to their retirees. The
                  entitlement to these benefits is usually conditional on the employee remaining in service
                  up to retirement age and the completion of a minimum service period. The expected costs
                  of these benefits are accrued over the period of employment using the same accounting
                  methodology as used for defined benefit pension plans. Remeasurement gains and losses
                  arising from experience adjustments and changes in actuarial assumptions are charged or
                  credited to equity in other comprehensive income in the period in which they arise. These
                  obligations are valued annually by independent qualified actuaries.




214
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     2.24 Employee benefits (Continued)

          (c)   Termination benefits
                Termination benefits are payable when employment is terminated by the Group before the
                normal retirement date, or whenever an employee accepts voluntary redundancy in exchange
                for these benefits. The Group recognises termination benefits at the earlier of the following
                dates: (a) when the Group can no longer withdraw the offer of those benefits; and (b) when
                the entity recognises costs for a restructuring that is within the scope of HKAS 37 and involves
                the payment of termination benefits. In the case of an offer made to encourage voluntary
                redundancy, the termination benefits are measured based on the number of employees
                expected to accept the offer. Benefits falling due more than 12 months after the end of the
                reporting period are discounted to their present value.


     2.25 Share-based payments

          Equity-settled share-based payment transactions
                The Group operates an equity-settled, share-based compensation plan, under which the
                entity receives services from employees as consideration for equity instruments (options
                and restricted shares) of the Group. The fair value of the employee services received in
                exchange for the grant of the options and restricted shares is recognised as an expense.
                The total amount to be expensed is determined by reference to the fair value of the options
                and restricted shares granted:


                •     including any market performance conditions (for example, an entity’s share price);


                •     excluding the impact of any service and non-market performance vesting conditions
                      (for example, profitability, sales growth targets and remaining an employee of the entity
                      over a specified time period); and


                •     including the impact of any non-vesting conditions (for example, the requirement for
                      employees to save or holding shares for a specified period of time).


                At the end of each reporting period, the Group revises its estimates of the number of options
                and restricted shares that are expected to vest based on the non-marketing performance
                and service conditions. It recognises the impact of the revision to original estimates, if any,
                in profit or loss, with a corresponding adjustment to equity.




                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   215
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
       2.25 Share-based payments (Continued)

            Equity-settled share-based payment transactions (Continued)
            In addition, in some circumstances employees may provide services in advance of the grant date
            and therefore the grant date fair value is estimated for the purposes of recognising the expense
            during the period between service commencement period and grant date.


            When the options are exercised, the Company issues new shares. The proceeds received net of
            any directly attributable transaction costs are credited to share capital (and share premium).


       2.26 Provisions
            Provisions are recognised when: the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result
            of past events; it is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation; and
            the amount has been reliably estimated. Provisions are not recognised for future operating losses.


            Where there are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that an outflow will be required
            in settlement is determined by considering the class of obligations as a whole. A provision is
            recognised even if the likelihood of an outflow with respect to any one item included in the same
            class of obligations may be small.


            Provisions are measured at the present value of the expenditures expected to be required to settle
            the obligation using a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of
            money and the risks specific to the obligation. The increase in the provision due to passage of time
            is recognised as interest expense.


            Provision for product warranties granted by the Group for certain products are recognised based
            on sales volume and past experience of the level of repairs and returns, discounted to their present
            value as appropriate.


            Provision for off-balance sheet related activities of a subsidiary providing financing services are
            recognised based on expected credit loss assessed based on a forward looking basis.




216
                                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     2.27 Revenue recognition
          The Group manufactures and sells a range of passenger vehicles, commercial vehicles, engines and
          automotive parts to its customers. Sales revenue are recognised when control of the goods has
          transferred to the customers and there is no unfulfilled obligation that could affect the customer’s
          acceptance of the products.

          Sales revenue are recorded based on the price stated in the sales contracts, net of the sales
          rebates and discounts.


          Revenue from provision of services, primarily comprising transportation services, repair and
          maintenance services and optional warranty, etc., is recognised in the accounting period in which
          the services are rendered as the customers simultaneously receive and consume the benefits
          provided by the Group’s performance when the Group performs.


          In multiple element arrangements, the transaction price is allocated to the different performance
          obligations of the contract on the basis of relative standalone selling prices. If the stand-alone selling
          prices are not directly observable, they are estimated based on expected cost plus a margin or
          adjusted market assessment approach, depending on the availability of observable information.


          A contract asset is the Group’s right to consideration in exchange for goods or services that the
          Group has transferred to a customer.


          If a customer pays consideration or the Group has a right to an amount of consideration that is
          unconditional, before the Group transfers goods or services to the customer, the Group presents the
          contract as a contract liability when the payment is received or a receivable is recorded (whichever
          is earlier). A contract liability is the Group’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer
          for which the Group has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the
          customer.


     2.28 Dividend income
          Dividends are received from financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss and at
          fair value through other comprehensive income. Dividends are recognised as other gains in profit
          or loss when the right to receive payment is established. This applies even if they are paid out of
          pre-acquisition profits, unless the dividend clearly represents a recovery of part of the cost of an
          investment. In this case, the dividend is recognised in OCI if it relates to an investment measured
          at FVOCI. However, the investment may need to be tested for impairment as a consequence.


                                                                 Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   217
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
       2.29 Insurance services

            (a)   Insurance contracts
                  Insurance contracts are those contracts under which the Group has accepted significant
                  insurance risk from the policyholders by agreeing to compensate the policyholders if a
                  specified uncertain future event (the insured event) adversely affects the policyholders.
                  Insurance contracts are classified as direct insurance contracts and reinsurance contracts.
                  The significance of insurance risk as determined by the Group is mainly dependent on the
                  magnitude of its potential effect.


            (b)   Significant insurance risk testing
                  For the insurance contracts issued by the Group, tests are performed to determine if the
                  contracts contain significant insurance risk, and contracts of similar nature are grouped
                  together for this purpose. When performing the significant insurance risk test, the Group
                  makes judgments in sequence as to whether the contract transfers insurance risk, whether the
                  contract has commercial substance, and whether the transferred insurance risk is significant.


            (c)   Revenue from gross premium
                  Premium income and reinsurance premium income is recognised when the insurance contracts
                  are issued, related insurance risk is undertaken by the Group, it is probable that related
                  economic benefits will flow to the Group and related income can be reliably measured.


            (d)   Revenue from reinsurance
                  The Group undertakes inward and outward reinsurance in the normal course of operations.
                  Reinsurance premiums are recognised as revenue in accordance with the terms stated in
                  the reinsurance contracts.




218
                                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     2.29 Insurance services (Continued)

          (d)   Revenue from reinsurance (Continued)
                (i)    Outward reinsurance business
                       Outward reinsurance arrangements do not relieve the Group from its obligations to
                       policyholders. When recognizing premium income from insurance contracts, the Group
                       calculates to determine the amount of premium ceded and reinsurers’ share of expenses
                       and recognise them through profit or loss according to reinsurance contracts. When
                       calculating unearned premium reserves and claim reserves of insurance contracts,
                       the Group estimates the reinsurance related cash flows according to the reinsurance
                       contracts, considers the risk margin when determining the amount of insurance contract
                       reserves to be recovered from reinsurers, and recognises reinsurers’ share of insurance
                       contract liabilities. When insurance contract liabilities are reduced for actual payment of
                       claims and claim expenses, reinsurers’ share of insurance contract liabilities are reduced
                       accordingly. In the meantime, the Group calculates to determine the amount of claim
                       expenses to be recovered from the reinsurers according to the reinsurance contracts
                       and recognises the amount through profit or loss. When there is an early termination
                       of an insurance contract, the Group calculates to determine the adjustment amount
                       of premium ceded and reinsurers’ share of expenses according to the reinsurance
                       contracts and recognises the amount through profit or loss, and the balance of
                       reinsurers’ share of insurance contract liabilities is reversed accordingly.


                (ii)   Inward reinsurance business
                       During the period of recognising reinsurance premium income, the Group determines
                       reinsurance expenses according to the reinsurance contracts and recognises the
                       expenses through profit or loss.


                       Upon receipt of the statement of the reinsurance business, the Group adjusts the
                       reinsurance premium income and reinsurance expenses, and then recognises the
                       adjusted amounts through profit or loss according to the ceding company statements.




                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   219
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
       2.30 Lease

           (a)   Operating lease
                 (i)   The Group as a leasee under operating lease
                       Leases are recognised as a right-of-use asset and a corresponding liability at the date
                       at which the leased asset is available for use by the Group.


                       Contracts may contain both lease and non-lease components. The Group allocates
                       the consideration in the contract to the lease and non-lease components based on
                       their relative stand-alone prices.

                       Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different
                       terms and conditions. The lease agreements do not impose any covenants other than
                       the security interests in the leased assets that are held by the lessor. Leased assets
                       may not be used as security for borrowing purposes.


                       Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a present value
                       basis. Lease liabilities include the net present value of the following lease payments:


                       •     fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives
                             receivable

                       •     variable lease payment that are based on an index or a rate, initially measured
                             using the index or rate as at the commencement date


                       •     amounts expected to be payable by the Group under residual value guarantees


                       •     the exercise price of a purchase option if the Group is reasonably certain to
                             exercise that option, and


                       •     payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the
                             Group exercising that option.


                       Lease payments to be made under reasonably certain extension options are also
                       included in the measurement of the liability.




220
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     2.30 Lease (Continued)

          (a)   Operating lease (Continued)
                (i)   The Group as a leasee under operating lease (Continued)
                      The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If that
                      rate cannot be readily determined, which is generally the case for leases in the Group,
                      the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate is used, being the rate that the individual
                      lessee would have to pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset of similar
                      value to the right-of-use asset in a similar economic environment with similar terms,
                      security and conditions.

                      To determine the incremental borrowing rate, the Group:


                      •     where possible, uses recent third-party financing received by the individual lessee
                            as a starting point, adjusted to reflect changes in financing conditions since third
                            party financing was received


                      •     makes adjustments specific to the lease, e.g. term, country, currency and security


                      •     If a readily observable amortising loan rate is available to the individual lessee
                            (through recent financing or market data) which has a similar payment profile to
                            the lease, then the group entities use that rate as a starting point to determine
                            the incremental borrowing rate.


                      Lease payments are allocated between principal and finance cost. The finance cost is
                      charged to profit or loss over the lease period so as to produce a constant periodic
                      rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability for each period.




                                                             Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   221
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
       2.30 Lease (Continued)

            (a)   Operating lease (Continued)
                  (i)    The Group as a leasee under operating lease (Continued)
                         Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising the following:


                         •     the amount of the initial measurement of lease liability


                         •     any lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease
                               incentives received


                         •     any initial direct costs, and


                         •     restoration.


                         Right-of-use assets are generally depreciated over the shorter of the asset’s useful
                         life and the lease term on a straight-line basis. If the Group is reasonably certain to
                         exercise a purchase option, the right-of-use asset is depreciated over the underlying
                         asset’s useful life.


                         Payments associated with short-term leases of equipment and vehicles and all leases
                         of low-value assets are recognised on a straight-line basis as an expense in profit or
                         loss. Short-term leases are leases with a lease term of 12 months or less without a
                         purchase option. Low-value assets comprise IT equipment and small items of office
                         furniture.


                  (ii)   The Group as a lessor under operating lease
                         Lease income from operating leases where the Group is a lessor is recognised in income
                         on a straight-line basis over the lease term (Note 9(c)). Initial direct costs incurred in
                         obtaining an operating lease are added to the carrying amount of the underlying asset
                         and recognised as expense over the lease term on the same basis as lease income.
                         The respective leased assets are included in the consolidated balance sheet based
                         on their nature.




222
                                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




2.   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     2.30 Lease (Continued)

          (b)   Finance lease
                The Group as a lessor under finance lease


                At the commencement of the lease term, the aggregate of the minimum lease receivable at
                the inception of the lease and the initial direct costs is recognised as finance lease receivables,
                and the unguaranteed residual value is recorded at the same time. The difference between
                the aggregate of the minimum lease receivable, the initial direct costs and the unguaranteed
                residual value, and the aggregate of their present values is recognised as unearned finance
                income. The net amount of finance lease receivables less unearned finance income is divided
                into long-term receivable and the portion of long-term receivable due within one year for
                presentation.


                Lease income from finance lease is recognised using the effective interest method (Note 18(e)).


     2.31 Dividend distribution
          Dividend distribution to the Company’s shareholders is recognised as a liability in the Group’s and
          Company’s financial statements in the period in which the dividends are approved by the Company’s
          shareholders or directors, where appropriate.


     2.32 Government grants
          Grants from the government are recognised at their fair value where there is a reasonable assurance
          that the grant will be received and the Group will comply with all attached conditions.


          Government grants relating to costs are deferred and recognised in profit or loss over the period
          necessary to match them with the costs that they are intended to compensate.


          Government grants relating to property, plant and equipment and intangible assets are included in
          non-current liabilities as deferred government grants and are credited to profit or loss on a straight-
          line basis over the expected lives of the related assets.


          Government grants are deducted in reporting the related expenses, when appropriate.




                                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   223
        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGERMENT
       3.1   Financial risk factors
             The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including foreign exchange
             risk, cash flow and fair value interest rate risk and price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The
             Group’s overall risk management programme focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets
             and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on the Group’s financial performance.

             Risk management is carried out by the Group’s finance department (“Group Finance”) under policies
             approved by the senior management. Group Finance identifies and evaluates financial risks in close
             co-operation with the Group’s operating units.


             3.1.1 Market risk
                   (a)    Foreign exchange risk
                          The Group’s business mainly operates in the PRC with most of the transactions
                          denominated and settled in RMB, except that certain receivables and payables, cash
                          and cash equivalents, restricted cash and time deposits are mainly denominated in US
                          dollar (“USD”) and HK dollar (“HKD”) which are exposed to foreign currency translation
                          risk. The Group had not used any financial instrument to hedge the foreign exchange
                          risk.


                          As at 31 December 2020 and 2019, the Group is not exposed to significant foreign
                          exchange risk.


                   (b)    Cash flow and fair value interest rate risk
                          The Group has no significant interest-bearing assets other than entrusted loans (included
                          in other receivables), time deposits, restricted cash, cash and cash equivalents. The
                          maturity terms of these assets, together with the Group’s current borrowings, are within
                          12 months so that there would not be significant interest rate risk for these financial
                          assets and liabilities.


                          The Group’s interest rate risk arises from non-current borrowings. Borrowings issued
                          at variable rates expose the Group to cash flow interest rate risk. Borrowings issued
                          at fixed rates expose the Group to fair value interest rate risk.




224
                                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGERMENT (Continued)
     3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)

           3.1.1 Market risk (Continued)
                 (b)   Cash flow and fair value interest rate risk (Continued)
                       As at 31 December 2020, the Group’s borrowings at variable rates were denominated
                       in RMB. If interest rates on bank borrowings had been 100 basis point higher/lower
                       respectively with all other variables held constant, post-tax profit would have been
                       RMB40,592,000 (2019: RMB26,497,000) lower/higher, mainly as a result of higher/
                       lower interest expense on floating rate borrowings.


                       The Group had not used any financial instrument to hedge its exposure to interest
                       rate risk.


                 (c)   Price risk
                       The Group’s exposure to price risk arises from investment held by the Group and
                       classified in the consolidated balance sheet either as at FVOCI (Note 14) or FVPL (Note
                       15). The Group closely monitors the fluctuation of the price and assesses the impact
                       on the Group’s consolidated statement of comprehensive income. If the price of the
                       Group’s FVOCI had been 1% higher/lower, other comprehensive income (net of tax)
                       for the year ended 31 December 2020 would increase/decrease by RMB8,637,000
                       (2019: RMB12,312,000). If the price of the Group’s FVPL had been 1% higher/lower,
                       post-tax profit for the year ended 31 December 2020 would increase/decrease by
                       RMB46,898,000 (2019: RMB29,852,000).


           3.1.2 Credit risk
                 Credit risk arises from deposit with banks, contractual cash flows of debt instruments carried
                 at amortised cost, at fair value through comprehensive income and at fair value through
                 profit or loss, and trade and other receivables (excluding prepayment and value-added tax
                 recoverable).


                 The Group has two types of financial assets that are subject to the expected credit loss model:


                 •     trade receivables; and


                 •     other financial assets at amortised cost.




                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   225
        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGERMENT (Continued)
       3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)

             3.1.2 Credit risk (Continued)
                  While deposit with banks, including time deposits, restricted cash, cash and cash equivalents,
                  are also subject to the impairment requirements of HKFRS 9, identified impairment loss was
                  immaterial.


                  (a)   Trade receivables
                        The Group applies the HKFRS 9 simplified approach to measure expected credit losses
                        which uses a lifetime expected loss allowance for all trade receivables.


                        As at 31 December 2020, the Group assessed that the expected loss rate for trade
                        receivables due from related parties (excluding loans relating to financing services
                        and finance lease receivables) was immaterial considering their good finance position
                        and credit history. Thus no loss allowance provision for other receivables from related
                        parties was recognised in 2020 (31 December 2019: Nil).


                        As at 31 December 2020, the Group assessed the expected loss rate for trade
                        receivables from governments in relation to the subsidy of new energy vehicles sold
                        to end users and made an allowance amounted to RMB5,952,000 accordingly (31
                        December 2019: RMB1,328,000).

                        As at 31 December 2020 and 2019, the expected loss rate for certain third-party
                        customers who were in bankruptcy or liquidation are assessed specifically by the
                        directors as follows:


                                                                                As at 31             As at 31
                                                                               December             December
                                                                                   2020                 2019


                        Expected loss rate                                       100.00%             100.00%
                        Gross carrying amount (RMB’000)                            93,787              89,879
                        Loss allowance provision (RMB’000)                         93,787              89,879




226
                                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGERMENT (Continued)
     3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)

           3.1.2 Credit risk (Continued)
                (a)   Trade receivables (Continued)
                      As at 31 December 2020 and 2019, the loss allowance provision for the trade receivables
                      due from third parties was determined as follows. The expected credit losses below
                      also incorporated forward looking information.


                                                Within 1    Between 1     Between 2     Between 3     Between 4      Over 5
                                                   year    and 2 years   and 3 years   and 4 years   and 5 years      years         Total


                      Trade receivables
                         (excluding trade
                         receivables due
                         from related
                         parties, trade
                         receivables due
                         from government
                         and trade
                         receivables
                         subject to specific
                         expected loss
                         rate)
                      At 31 December 2020
                      Gross carrying amount
                         (RMB’000)             1,124,517        27,295         2,661           690         5,289    149,523     1,309,975
                      Expected loss rate          0.64%        11.33%        44.61%        62.17%        89.62%       100%
                      Loss allowance
                         provision (RMB’000)      7,186          3,092         1,187          429          4,740    149,523      166,157




                                                                            Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020       227
        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGERMENT (Continued)
       3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)

             3.1.2 Credit risk (Continued)
                  (a)   Trade receivables (Continued)


                                                  Within 1    Between 1     Between 2     Between 3     Between 4     Over 5
                                                     year    and 2 years   and 3 years   and 4 years   and 5 years     years        Total


                        Trade receivables
                           (excluding trade
                           receivables due
                           from related
                           parties, trade
                           receivables due
                           from government
                           and trade
                           receivables
                           subject to specific
                           expected loss
                           rate)
                        At 31 December 2019
                        Gross carrying amount
                           (RMB’000)             1,332,052         6,219         2,062         7,363         7,463    143,811   1,498,970
                        Expected loss rate          0.63%        10.00%        30.00%        50.00%        80.00%    100.00%
                        Loss allowance
                           provision (RMB’000)      8,416           622           619          3,682         5,971   143,811     163,121


                  (b)   Debt investments at amortised cost and FVPL
                        All of the Group’s debt investments at amortised cost are considered to have low
                        credit risk, and the loss allowance recognised during the period was therefore limited
                        to 12 months expected losses.




228
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGERMENT (Continued)
     3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)

           3.1.2 Credit risk (Continued)
                (b)   Debt investments at amortised cost and FVPL (Continued)
                      The Group is also exposed to credit risk in relation to debt investments that are
                      measured at fair value through profit or loss. The maximum exposure as at 31 December
                      2020 is the carrying amount of these investments, amounting to RMB2,741,094,000
                      (31 December 2019: RMB1,666,646,000).


                      The Group expects that there is no significant credit risk associated with debt
                      investments at amortised cost and FVPL since the Group furnishes investment mandates
                      to commercial banks, trust companies and asset management companies. These
                      mandates require them to invest in financial products with high market credit rating,
                      liquidity and stable return. Management does not expect that there will be any significant
                      losses from non-performance by these counterparties.


                (c)   Other financial assets at amortised cost
                      The Group applies the general approach to provide for expected credit loss of other
                      financial assets measured at amortised cost including notes receivable, interest
                      receivable, entrusted loans to related parties, finance lease receivables, loans relating
                      to financing services, dividend receivables and other receivables under HKFRS 9.

                      Except for certain long aging receivables for which the debtors failed to make demanded
                      repayment and the Group has made specific provision on a case-by-case basis, the
                      expected credit loss provision for the financial assets included in the above balances
                      is based on the 12-month expected credit loss. It is the portion of lifetime expected
                      credit loss that results from default events on a financial instrument that are possible
                      within 12 months after the reporting date. However, when there has been a significant
                      increase in credit risk since origination, the allowance will be based on the lifetime
                      expected credit loss. In calculating the expected credit loss rates, the Group considers
                      historical loss rates for each category of receivables and adjusts for forward looking
                      macroeconomic data. As at 31 December 2020 and 2019, except for certain default
                      receivables, management considers that the expected credit loss is immaterial.




                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   229
        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
       3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)

             3.1.2 Credit risk (Continued)
                  (c)   Other financial assets at amortised cost (Continued)
                        The Group considers the probability of default upon initial recognition of asset and
                        whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk on an ongoing basis
                        throughout each reporting period. To assess whether there is a significant increase in
                        credit risk the Group compares the risk of a default occurring on the asset as at the
                        reporting date with the risk of default as at the date of initial recognition. It considers
                        available reasonable and supportive forwarding-looking information. Especially the
                        following indicators are incorporated:

                        •     internal credit rating


                        •     external credit rating (as far as available)


                        •     actual or expected significant adverse changes in business, financial or economic
                              conditions that are expected to cause a significant change to the debtor’s ability
                              to meet its obligations


                        •     actual or expected significant changes in the operating results of the debtor

                        •     significant increases in credit risk on other financial instruments of the same
                              debtor


                        •     significant changes in the value of the collateral supporting the obligation or in
                              the quality of third-party guarantees or credit enhancements


                        •     significant changes in the expected performance and behavior of the debtor,
                              including changes in the payment status of debtors in the Group and changes
                              in the operating results of the borrower.


                        Macroeconomic information (such as market interest rates or growth rates) is incorporated
                        as part of the internal rating model.




230
                                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
     3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)

           3.1.2 Credit risk (Continued)
                (c)   Other financial assets at amortised cost (Continued)
                      (i)  A summary of the assumptions underpinning the Group’s expected credit loss
                           model is as follows:


                                                                                           Basis for recognition of expected credit
                            Category          Group definition of category                 loss provision


                            Performing        Customers have a low risk of default and a   12 month expected losses. Where the expected
                                               strong capacity to meet contractual cash      lifetime of an asset is less than 12 months,
                                               flows                                         expected losses are measured at its expected
                                                                                             lifetime.
                            Underperforming Receivables for which there is a significant   Lifetime expected losses
                                              increase in credit risk; as significant
                                              increase in credit risk is presumed if
                                              interest and/or principal repayments are
                                              180 days past due
                            Non-performing Interest and/or principal repayments are 365    Lifetime expected losses
                                              days past due
                            Write-off       Interest and/or principal repayments are       Asset is written off
                                              over 365 days past due and there is no
                                              reasonable expectation of recovery.

                            As at 31 December 2020, the Group has assessed that the expected loss rate
                            for other receivables from related parties (excluding loans relating to financing
                            services and finance lease receivables) was immaterial considering the good
                            finance position and credit history of the related parties. Thus no loss allowance
                            provision for other receivables from related parties was recognised in 2020 (31
                            December 2019: Nil).




                                                                       Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020        231
        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
       3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)

             3.1.2 Credit risk (Continued)
                   (d)   As at 31 December 2019 and 2020, the loss allowance provision for trade
                         receivables, current and long-term other receivables reconciles to the opening
                         loss allowance for that provision as follows:


                                                                        Other        Other
                                                            Trade receivables    long-term
                                                      receivables    (current) receivables             Total
                                                        RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000            RMB’000


                         At 1 January 2019                248,905        347,046         16,932        612,883
                         Provision for loss
                           allowance recognised in
                           profit or loss                    5,422         5,994         42,415         53,831


                         At 31 December 2019              254,327        353,040         59,347        666,714
                         Provision for loss
                           allowance recognised in
                           profit or loss                  11,569         38,438          5,103         55,110


                         At 31 December 2020              265,896        391,478         64,450        721,824



             3.1.3 Liquidity risk
                   Prudent liquidity risk management includes maintaining sufficient cash and cash equivalents,
                   the availability of funding from an adequate amount of committed credit facilities and the
                   ability to close out market positions. Due to the dynamic nature of the underlying businesses,
                   the Group’s finance team maintains flexibility in funding by maintaining availability under
                   committed credit lines.


                   Management monitors the Group’s time deposits (Note 19) and cash and cash equivalents
                   (Note 21) on the basis of expected cash flow.




232
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
     3.1   Financial risk factors (Continued)

           3.1.3 Liquidity risk (Continued)
                The tables below analyses the Group’s financial liabilities into relevant maturity groupings
                based on the remaining period at the consolidated balance sheet date to the contractual
                maturity date. The amounts disclosed in the table are the contractual undiscounted cash flows.


                                                                       Between            Between
                                                      Less than         1 and 2            2 and 5           Over 5
                                                         1 year           years              years            years
                                                       RMB’000         RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000


                As at 31 December 2020
                Borrowings                             6,859,443       4,899,340         4,125,517               4,583
                Trade and other payables
                  (excluding employee benefits
                  payable, other taxes and
                  government grants)                  30,526,443         446,946                  –                 –
                Lease liabilities                        275,863         234,360            532,972           828,975


                As at 31 December 2019
                Borrowings                             6,426,467       1,904,407         6,611,625                       –
                Trade and other payables
                  (excluding employee benefits
                  payable, other taxes and
                  government grants)                  30,760,197         262,876                  –                 –
                Lease liabilities                        272,832         246,542            538,256           686,955




                                                             Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020       233
        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
       3.2   Capital management
             The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as
             a going concern in order to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders
             and to maintain an optimal capital structure to reduce the cost of capital.


             Consistent with others in the industry, the Group monitors capital on the basis of the gearing ratio.
             This ratio is calculated as net debt divided by total capital. Net debt is calculated as total borrowings
             and lease liabilities (including current and non-current as shown in the consolidated balance sheet)
             less time deposits, restricted cash and cash and cash equivalents. Total capital is calculated as
             total equity plus net debt.


             The gearing ratios as at 31 December 2020 and 2019 were as follows:


                                                                                     As at 31 December
                                                                                        2020           2019
                                                                                     RMB’000        RMB’000


             Total borrowings (Note 26)                                             14,977,384          13,860,551
             Total lease liabilities (Note 8)                                        1,512,541            1,408,643
             Less: time deposits (Note 19)                                         (10,624,362)          (6,959,924)
                    restricted cash (Note 20)                                       (2,084,314)          (1,678,017)
                    cash and cash equivalents (Note 21)                            (15,791,397)        (23,604,986)


             Net credit                                                            (12,010,148)        (16,973,733)
             Total equity                                                           86,713,628          82,508,246


             Total capital                                                         74,703,480           65,534,513


             Gearing ratio                                                                 N/A                  N/A


             As at 31 December 2020 and 2019, the Group’s total borrowings and lease liabilities are less than
             the total of time deposits, restricted cash and cash and cash equivalents and therefore the Group
             is subject to a net credit position.




234
                                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
     3.3   Fair value estimation
           The Group’s financial instruments recognised in the consolidated balance sheet are mainly loans
           and receivables, FVPL, FVOCI and financial liabilities carried at amortised cost. The carrying value
           less impairment provision of trade receivables and payables are a reasonable approximation of their
           fair values. The fair value of financial liabilities for disclosure purposes is estimated by discounting
           the future contractual cash flows at the current market interest rate that is available to the Group
           for similar financial instruments.


           The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market is determined by using
           valuation techniques. The Group uses a variety of methods and makes assumptions that are based
           on market conditions existing at the balance sheet date, such as estimated discounted cash flows.


           The table below analyses financial instruments carried at fair value, by valuation method The different
           levels have been defined as follows:


           •     Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (level 1).


           •     Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the asset or
                 liability, either directly (that is, as prices) or indirectly (that is, derived from prices) (level 2).


           •     Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (that is,
                 unobservable inputs) (level 3).




                                                                   Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   235
        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
       3.3   Fair value estimation (Continued)
             The following table presents the Group’s assets that are measured at fair value at 31 December 2020.

                                                                     Level 1     Level 2     Level 3      Total
                                                                    RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000
                                                                     Note (a)    Note (b)    Note (c)


             Financial assets at fair value through other
                comprehensive income and financial assets at fair
                value through profit or loss
                – Bond investments                                   717,399            –           –     717,399
                – Fund investments                                    51,432    1,792,416           –   1,843,848
                – Financial products                                       –            –   1,081,005   1,081,005
                – Stocks                                             825,711            –           –     825,711
                – Other equity investment                                  –            –     591,639     591,639
                – Others                                                   –      598,678   1,253,380   1,852,058


                                                                    1,594,542   2,391,094   2,926,024   6,911,660


             The following table presents the Group’s assets that are measured at fair value at 31 December 2019.


                                                                     Level 1     Level 2     Level 3      Total
                                                                    RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000
                                                                     Note (a)    Note (b)    Note (c)


             Financial assets at fair value through other
                comprehensive income and financial assets at fair
                value through profit or loss
                – Bond investments                                   732,236            –          –      732,236
                – Fund investments                                    50,191    1,017,380          –    1,067,571
                – Financial products                                       –            –    785,539      785,539
                – Stocks                                             612,274            –          –      612,274
                – Other equity investment                                  –            –    543,952      543,952
                – Others                                                   –      587,424    882,487    1,469,911


                                                                    1,394,701   1,604,804   2,211,978   5,211,483



236
                                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
     3.3   Fair value estimation (Continued)

           (a)   Financial instruments in level 1
                 The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets is based on quoted market
                 prices at the balance sheet date. A market is regarded as active if quoted prices are readily
                 and regularly available from an exchange, dealer, broker, industry group, pricing service,
                 or regulatory agency, and those prices represent actual and regularly occurring market
                 transactions on an arm’s length basis. The quoted market price used for the financial assets
                 included in level 1 held by the Group is the current bid price.


                 There were no significant transfers of financial assets between level 1 and level 2 fair value
                 hierarchy classifications.


           (b)   Financial instruments in level 2
                 The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market is determined
                 by using valuation techniques. These valuation techniques maximise the use of observable
                 market data where it is available and rely as little as possible on entity specific estimates.
                 If all significant inputs required to fair value an instrument are observable, the instrument is
                 included in level 2.


                 If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instrument
                 is included in level 3.


                 Specific valuation techniques used to value financial instruments include:


                 •     Quoted market prices or dealer quotes for similar instruments.


                 •     Other techniques, such as discounted cash flow analysis, are used to determine fair
                       value for the remaining financial instruments.




                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   237
        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
       3.3   Fair value estimation (Continued)

             (c)   Financial instrument in level 3
                   The following table presents the changes in level 3 instruments for the year ended 31
                   December 2019 and 2020.


                                                                     Other equity     Financial
                                                                      investment      products       Others         Total
                                                                        RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000


                   Opening balance as at 1 January 2019                  214,981       582,275       811,053     1,608,309
                   Acquisitions                                          311,512     2,855,224       254,857     3,421,593
                   Gains for the period recognised in profit or
                     loss                                                 26,287        48,680         7,542        82,509
                   Gains for the period recognised in other
                     comprehensive income                                       –             –       11,772         11,772
                   Disposal                                                (8,828)   (2,700,640)    (202,737)    (2,912,205)


                   Closing balance as at
                     31 December 2019                                    543,952       785,539       882,487     2,211,978


                   Acquisitions                                           35,121     3,094,006     3,219,402     6,348,529
                   Gains for the period recognised in
                     profit or loss                                        24,451        60,799       116,078       201,328
                   Disposal                                               (11,885)   (2,859,339)   (2,964,587)   (5,835,811)


                   Closing balance as at
                     31 December 2020                                    591,639     1,081,005     1,253,380     2,926,024


                   Includes unrealised gains or (losses)
                      recognised in profit or loss attributable to
                      balances held at the end of the reporting
                      period
                   2020                                                   12,566        18,621       123,022       154,209
                   2019                                                   18,905         4,561         3,871        27,337




238
                                                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
     3.3   Fair value estimation (Continued)

           (c)   Financial instrument in level 3 (Continued)
                 Quantitative information about fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs
                 (Level 3) is as follow:


                                                          Fair value at
                                                         31 December                                                               Range
                                                                  2020    Valuation                                             (weighted
                                                              RMB’000     technique(s)           Unobservable input              average)


                 – Financial products                        1,081,005    Discounted cash flow   Expected interest rate        2.4%-5.3%
                                                                                                  per annum


                 – Preference shares (Note (i))                848,526    Guideline Public       Applicable P/S ratio                10.18
                                                                           Company Method


                 – Other equity investment (Note (ii))         591,639    Discounted cash flow   Discount rate                     1%-3%


                 – Trust products                               94,164    Discounted cash flow   Expected interest rate         4.55%-5%
                                                                                                  per annum


                 – Unlisted notes receivable                   310,690    Discounted cash flow   Discount rate                 2.5%-3.3%




                                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020      239
        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
       3.3   Fair value estimation (Continued)

             (c)    Financial instrument in level 3 (Continued)
                                                             Fair value at
                                                            31 December
                                                                     2019                                                      Range (weighted
                                                                RMB’000      Valuation technique(s)   Unobservable input              average)


                    – Financial products                         785,539     Discounted cash flow     Expected interest rate         4%-5.6%
                                                                                                       per annum


                    – Preference shares (Note (i))               726,668     Comparable transaction Recent market                 USD145-153
                                                                              approach               transaction                    per Share


                    – Other equity investment (Note (ii))        543,952     Discounted cash flow     Discount rate                    1%-3%


                    – Trust products                             148,871     Discounted cash flow     Expected interest rate     5.36%-6.35%
                                                                                                       per annum

                    (i)      The stocks in level 3 represent the Group’s investment in preference shares.

                    (ii)     Other equity investments in level 3 represent the Group’s investment in interest of non-listed company.




  4.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS
       Estimates and judgements are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other
       factors, including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.


       The Group makes estimates and assumptions concerning the future. The resulting accounting estimates
       will, by definition, seldom equal the related actual results. The estimates and assumptions that have a
       significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within
       the next financial year are addressed below.




240
                                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




4.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS (Continued)
     (a)   Current and deferred income taxes
           The Group is subject to income taxes in the PRC. There are certain transactions and calculations
           for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain during the ordinary course of business. Where
           the final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts that were initially recorded,
           such differences will impact the income tax and deferred tax provisions in the period in which such
           determination is made.

           Deferred income tax assets relating to certain temporary differences and tax losses are recognised
           when management considers it is likely that future taxable profits will be available against which
           temporary differences or tax losses can be utilised. When the expectations are different from the
           original estimates, such differences will impact the recognition of deferred tax assets and income
           tax charges in the period in which such estimates are changed.


     (b)   Impairment of property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and right-of-use assets
           Property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and right-of-use assets are reviewed for impairment
           whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be
           recoverable. Construction in progress and intangible assets not ready to use – not subject to
           amortisation, are tested annually for impairment. The recoverable amounts have been determined
           based on value-in-use calculations or market valuations. These calculations require the use of
           judgements and estimates.

           Management judgement is required in the area of asset impairment particularly in assessing:
           (i) whether an event has occurred that may indicate that the related asset value may not be
           recoverable; (ii) whether the carrying value of an asset can be supported by the recoverable
           amount, being the higher of fair value less cost of disposal or net present value of future cash
           flows which are estimated based upon the continued use of the asset in the business; (iii) details
           of further development of the CGU or segment, such as business plan and contracts with new
           customers in the coming year and their impact on the revenue and margins.and (iv) the appropriate
           key assumptions to be applied in preparing cash flow projections including whether these cash
           flow projections are discounted using an appropriate rate. Changing the assumptions selected by
           management in assessing impairment, including the discount rates or the growth rate assumptions
           in the cash flow projections, could materially affect the net present value in the impairment test and
           as a result affect the Group’s financial condition and results of operations. If there is a significant
           adverse change in the projected performance and resulting future cash flow projections, it may be
           necessary to take an impairment charge to the consolidated statement of comprehensive income.




                                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   241
        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  4.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS (Continued)
       (c)   Impairment of goodwill
             The Group tests annually whether goodwill has suffered any impairment, which is in accordance with
             the accounting policy stated in Note 2.10. The recoverable amounts of CGUs have been determined
             based on fair value less cost of disposal estimated using the discounted cash flow method. These
             calculations require the use of estimates.


       (d)   Impairment of investments in joint ventures and associates
             The Group determines at each reporting date whether there is any objective evidence that the
             investments in the joint ventures and associates are impaired. If this is the case, the Group calculates
             the amount of impairment as the difference between the recoverable amount of the joint ventures
             and associates and their carrying value.


             If the investments in joint ventures and associates include goodwill, the Group should test the
             amount of impairment at least once a year. No impairment charge arose in one joint venture (Note
             11.1(c)) with significant goodwill arising from an acquisition during the year 2012 after assessment.
             The recoverable amounts of the investments have been determined based on fair value less cost
             of disposal estimated using the discounted cash flow method. In arriving at fair value less cost of
             disposal, post-tax discount rates of 12.9% have been applied to the post-tax cash flows expressed
             in real terms. Fair value less cost of disposal was determined by estimating cash flows for a period
             of five years. The cash flow projections are based on financial budgets approved by management
             covering a five-year periods. These cash flows are then aggregated with a “terminal value”. The
             terminal value represents the value of cash flows beyond the fifth year, incorporating an annual
             real-term growth rate of 2.3%. These calculations require the use of estimates.


             If the budgeted revenue used by the management in the fair value less cost of disposal calculation
             for this joint venture had been decreased by 5.00%, the Group would not recognise any impairment
             of investment. A 8.10% increase in the estimated post-tax discount rate for the joint venture would
             not result in an impairment against investment. If the estimated gross profit margins estimated by the
             management for the joint venture had been decreased by 3.86%, the Group would not recognise
             an impairment against investment.


       (e)   Warranty provisions
             Provision for product warranties granted by the Group in respect of certain products are recognised
             based on sales volume and past experience of the level of repair and returns, discounted to their
             present values as appropriate.



242
                                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




4.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS (Continued)
     (f)   Impairment of trade and other receivables
           The Group makes allowances on trade and other receivables based on assumptions about risk
           of default and expected loss rates. The Group used judgment in making these assumptions and
           selecting the inputs to the impairment calculation, based on the Group’s past history, existing market
           conditions as well as forward looking estimates at the end of each reporting period.

           Where the expectation is different from the original estimate, such difference will impact the carrying
           amount of trade and other receivables and doubtful debt expenses in the periods in which such
           estimate has been changed. For details of the key assumptions and inputs used, see Note 3.1 above.


     (g)   Impairment of inventory
           The management of the Group assesses on the net realisable value of inventory at each reporting
           date based on the accounting policies stated in Note 2.16. The net realisable value is the estimated
           selling price in the current course of business, less applicable costs, variable selling expenses and
           tax charges. Even though the management of the Group has made the best estimate about the
           inventory impairment loss predicted to occur and provided allowance for impairment, the impairment
           assessment may still be significantly changed due to the change of market situations.


     (h)   Estimation of the fair value of certain financial assets
           The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market is determined using
           valuation techniques. The Group uses its judgement to select a variety of methods and make
           assumptions that are mainly based on market conditions existing at the end of each reporting
           period. For details of the key assumptions used and the impact of changes to these assumptions
           see Note 3.3 above.




                                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   243
        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  4.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS (Continued)
       (i)   Classification of financial assets
             The judgments in determining the classification of financial assets include the analysis of business
             models and the characteristics of contractual cash flows. An entity’s business model refers to how
             an entity manages its financial assets in order to generate cash flows. That is, the entity’s business
             model determines whether cash flows are arising from collecting contractual cash flows, selling
             financial assets or both.

             The business model of managing financial assets is not determined by a single factor or activity.
             Instead, the entity should consider all relevant evidence available when making the assessment.
             Relevant evidence mainly includes, but not limited to, how the cash flow of the Group of assets is
             collected, how the performance of the Group of assets is reported to key management personnel,
             and how the risk of Group of assets is being assessed and managed. The contractual cash flows
             characteristics of financial assets refer to the cash flow attributes of the financial assets reflecting
             the economic characteristics of the relevant financial assets (i.e. whether the contractual cash flows
             generated by the relevant financial assets on a specified date solely represents the payments of
             principal and interest). The principal amount refers to the fair value of the financial asset at initial
             recognition. The principal amount may change throughout the lifetime of the financial assets due
             to prepayment or other reasons. The interest includes the time value of money, the credit risk
             associated with the outstanding principal amount for a specific period, other basic lending credit
             risks, and the consideration of costs and profits.


       (j)   Estimation of the value of defined benefits obligation
             The present value of the pension obligations depends on a number of factors that are determined
             on an actuarial basis using a number of assumptions. Any changes in these assumptions will impact
             the carrying amount of pension obligations.


             Details of key assumptions and impact of possible changes in key assumptions are disclosed in
             Note 30.




244
                                                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




5.   PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES
     As at 31 December 2020, particulars of principal subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates are as follows:


                                                                                                                                   Particulars of registered     Interest held
                                                      Place of incorporation                                                           capital/issued share
     Name                                             and operations         Legal status               Principal activities                         capital   Direct        Indirect


     Subsidiaries


     GAC Motor Co., Ltd. (“GAC Motor”)                Mainland China         Limited liability company Manufacture and sale of          RMB15,516,834,365       100%                  –
     廣汽乘用車有限公司                                                                                           automobiles


     Guangzhou Automobile Group Component Co., Ltd.   Mainland China         Limited liability company Manufacture and sale of             RMB107,211,000        51%               49%
       (“GAC Component”)                                                                                 automotive parts
     廣汽零部件有限公司


     Guangzhou Automobile Group Business Co., Ltd.    Mainland China         Limited liability company Trading of automobiles,           RMB3,241,512,000       100%                  –
       (“GAC Business”)                                                                                  automotive parts and
     廣汽商貿有限公司                                                                                            steel


     GAC Motor (Hangzhou) Co., Ltd.                   Mainland China         Limited liability company Manufacture and sale of           RMB4,231,280,000           –             100%
       (“GAC Motor Hangzhou”)                                                                            automobile
     廣汽乘用車(杭州)有限公司


     Urtrust Insurance Co., Ltd.                      Mainland China         Joint stock company with Provision of automobile            RMB2,268,750,000      27.11%            26.44%
     眾誠汽車保險有限公司                                                              limited liabilities        insurance services


     GAC Capital Co., Ltd. (“GAC Capital”)            Mainland China         Limited liability company Investment and investment         RMB1,500,000,000       100%                  –
     廣汽資本有限公司                                                                                             management


     GAC Finance Co., Ltd (“GAC Finance”)             Mainland China         Limited liability company Financial services                RMB1,000,000,000        90%               10%
     廣州汽車集團財務有限公司




                                                                                                        Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020                         245
         NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  5.   PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES
       (Continued)
       As at 31 December 2020, particulars of principal subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates are as
       follows(Continued):


                                                                                                                                  Particulars of registered    Interest held
                                                                    Place of incorporation                                            capital/issued share
       Name                                                         and operations           Principal activities                                   capital   Direct       Indirect


       Joint ventures


       GAC Honda Automobile Co., Ltd. (“GAC Honda”)                 Mainland China           Manufacture and sale of automobile           USD541,000,000       50%               –
       廣汽本田汽車有限公司                                                                              and automotive parts


       GAC Toyota Motor Co., Ltd. (“GAC Toyota”)                    Mainland China           Manufacture and sale of automobile           USD935,556,000       50%               –
       廣汽豐田汽車有限公司                                                                              and automotive parts


       GAC Hino Motors Co., Ltd. (“GAC Hino”)                       Mainland China           Manufacture and sale of automobile         RMB2,220,000,000       50%               –
       廣汽日野汽車有限公司                                                                              and automotive parts


       GAC-SOFINCO Automobile Finance Co., Ltd (“GAC SOFINCO”)      Mainland China           Provision of automotive financing          RMB3,000,000,000       50%               –
       廣汽匯理汽車金融有限公司                                                                            services


       GAC Fiat Chrysler Automobiles Co., Ltd. (“GAC FCA”)          Mainland China           Manufacture and sale of automobile         RMB7,000,000,000       50%               –
       廣汽菲亞特克萊斯勒汽車有限公司                                                                         and automotive parts


       Wuyang-Honda Motors (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd. (“Wuyang-Honda”)   Mainland China           Manufacture and sale of motorcycle             USD49,000,000      50%               –
       五羊-本田摩托(廣州)有限公司                                                                         and motorcycle parts


       GAC Mitsubishi Motors Co., Ltd. (“GAC Mitsubishi”)           Mainland China           Manufacture and sale of automobile         RMB1,947,000,000       50%               –
       廣汽三菱汽車有限公司                                                                              and automotive parts




246
                                                                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




5.   PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES
     (Continued)
     As at 31 December 2020, particulars of principal subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates are as
     follows(Continued):


                                                                                                                                Particulars of registered    Interest held
                                                           Place of incorporation                                                   capital/issued share
     Name                                                  and operations            Principal activities                                         capital   Direct       Indirect


     Associates


     GAC Toyota Engine Co., Ltd.                           Mainland China            Manufacture and sale of automotive parts           USD670,940,000       30%               –
     广汽丰田发动机有限公司


     Shanghai Hino Engine Co., Ltd.                        Mainland China            Manufacture and sale of automotive parts             USD29,980,000      30%               –
     上海日野發動機有限公司


     Guangzhou TS Automotive Interior Systems Co., Ltd.    Mainland China            Manufacture and sale of automotive parts              USD3,860,000         –            48%
     廣州提愛思汽車內飾系統有限公司


     Guangzhou Intex Automotive Interior Parts Co., Ltd.   Mainland China            Manufacture and sale of automotive parts             USD22,500,000         –            25%
     廣州櫻泰汽車飾件有限公司


     Guangzhou Stanley Electric Company Limited            Mainland China            Manufacture and sale of automotive parts             USD44,700,000         –            30%
     廣州斯坦雷電氣有限公司


     Guangzhou Denso Co., Ltd.                             Mainland China            Manufacture and sale of automotive parts             USD23,022,409         –            40%
     廣州電裝有限公司




                                                                                                        Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020                   247
        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  6.   SEGMENT INFORMATION
       The chief operating decision-maker has been identified as the executive directors. The executive directors
       review the Group’s internal reporting in order to assess performance and allocate resources. Management
       has determined the operating segments based on these reports.


       For management purpose, the executive directors considered the nature of the Group’s products and
       services and determined that the Group has two reportable operating segments as follows:


       Vehicles and related operations segment – production and sale of a variety of passenger vehicles,
       commercial vehicles, automotive parts and related operations.


       Others – mainly production and sale of motorcycles, automobile finance and insurance, other financing
       services, and investing business.


       Sales between segments are carried out on terms equivalent to those that prevail in arm’s length
       transactions. The revenue from external parties reported to the executive directors is measured in a
       manner consistent with that in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income.


       During the year ended 31 December 2020, no revenue from transactions with a single external customer
       counted to 10% or more of the Group’s total revenue.




248
                                                                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




6.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
     The segment results for the year ended 31 December 2020 and other segment items included in the
     consolidated statement of comprehensive income are as follows:


                                                              Vehicles and
                                                        related operations           Others         Eliminations       Unallocated       Consolidated
                                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000


     Total gross segment revenue                               60,805,956          2,754,533           (403,504)                  –         63,156,985
     Inter-segment revenue                                       (157,474)          (246,030)           403,504                   –                  –


     Revenue (from external customers)                         60,648,482          2,508,503                  –                   –         63,156,985


     Segment results                                            (3,219,775)         (116,208)          (256,338)                  –         (3,592,321)
     Unallocated income – Interest income of
       headquarters                                                      –                 –                  –            110,738            110,738
     Unallocated costs – Expenditure of headquarters                     –                 –                  –            (85,418)           (85,418)


     Operating loss                                                                                                                         (3,567,001)
     Finance costs                                               (399,752)            (6,780)                 –             (33,035)          (439,567)
     Interest income                                               70,431              8,616                  –              48,504            127,551
     Share of profit of joint ventures and associates           9,061,941            509,037                  –                   –          9,570,978


     Profit before income tax                                                                                                                5,691,961
     Income tax credit/(expense)                                  498,472           (141,293)                 –              (1,189)           355,990


     Profit for the year                                                                                                                     6,047,951


     Other segment information
     Depreciation and amortisation                              5,009,332             56,489                  –             44,573           5,110,394
     Net impairment losses on financial assets                     44,194             10,916                  –                  –              55,110
     Impairment charges of inventories                             47,938                  –                  –                  –              47,938
     Impairment charges of property, plant and
        equipment                                                   5,609                  –                   –                  –             5,609
     Impairment charges of intangible assets                      662,164                  –                   –                  –           662,164



                                                                                         Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020        249
        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  6.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
       The segment assets and liabilities as at 31 December 2020 and additions to non-current assets (other
       than deferred tax assets, FVPL and FVOCI) for the year then ended are as follows:


                                          Vehicles
                                       and related
                                        operations     Others      Eliminations    Unallocated   Consolidated
                                         RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000


       Total assets                    106,340,940   38,893,282     (41,611,147)    39,237,613    142,860,688
       Total assets include:
       Investments in joint ventures
          and associates                29,419,235    3,984,328               –              –     33,403,563


       Total liabilities                58,667,700   28,884,062     (40,313,754)     8,909,052     56,147,060


       Additions to/(decrease in)
         non-current assets (other
         than deferred tax assets,
         FVPL and FVOCI)                 6,100,235   (1,544,067)              –              –      4,556,168




250
                                                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




6.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
     The segment results for the year ended 31 December 2019 and other segment items included in the
     consolidated statement of comprehensive income are as follows:


                                                              Vehicles and
                                                        related operations      Others       Eliminations       Unallocated      Consolidated
                                                                 RMB’000      RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000


     Total gross segment revenue                              57,473,064     2,647,427          (416,169)                –        59,704,322
     Inter-segment revenue                                        (87,576)    (328,593)          416,169                 –                 –


     Revenue (from external customers)                        57,385,488     2,318,834                 –                 –        59,704,322


     Segment results                                           (2,287,703)    (175,137)             (425)                –         (2,463,265)
     Unallocated income – Interest income of
       headquarters                                                     –            –                 –           198,953            198,953
     Unallocated costs – Expenditure of headquarters                    –            –                 –          (498,444)          (498,444)


     Operating loss                                                                                                                (2,762,756)
     Finance costs                                              (219,642)      (14,762)                –          (282,077)          (516,481)
     Interest income                                              27,986        21,039                 –           122,540            171,565
     Share of profit of joint ventures and associates          8,937,715      461,628                  –                 –          9,399,343


     Profit before income tax                                                                                                      6,291,671
     Income tax credit/(expense)                                 494,487       (66,610)                –           (10,691)          417,186


     Profit for the year                                                                                                           6,708,857


     Other segment information
     Depreciation and amortization                             4,197,356        26,500                 –            59,810         4,283,666
     Net impairment losses on financial assets                    17,882        35,949                 –                 –            53,831
     Impairment charges of inventories                            30,183             –                 –                 –            30,183
     Impairment charges of property, plant and
       equipment                                                  81,667          331                  –                 –            81,998
     Impairment charges of intangible assets                     443,217            –                  –                 –           443,217




                                                                                 Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020       251
        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  6.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
       The segment assets and liabilities as at 31 December 2019 and additions to non-current assets (other
       than deferred tax assets, FVPL and FVOCI) for the year then ended are as follows:


                                          Vehicles
                                       and related
                                        operations     Others     Eliminations       Unallocated   Consolidated
                                         RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000           RMB’000        RMB’000


       Total assets                    101,925,922   37,036,319    (36,341,329)       34,842,639    137,463,551
       Total assets include:
       Investments in joint ventures
          and associates                28,281,061    3,723,725              –                 –     32,004,786


       Total liabilities                51,542,547   27,583,109    (36,431,011)       12,260,660     54,955,305


       Additions to non-current
         assets (other than
         deferred tax assets, FVPL
         and FVOCI)                     11,299,504    1,135,866              –                 –     12,435,370


       Revenue from external customers by geographical location is as follows:


                                                                              Year ended 31 December
                                                                                    2020           2019
                                                                                RMB’000         RMB’000


       Mainland China                                                             62,097,147       59,538,122
       Hong Kong                                                                   1,059,838          166,200


                                                                                  63,156,985       59,704,322




252
                                                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




6.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
     Non-current assets (other than deferred tax assets, FVPL and FVOCI) located by geographical location
     are as follows:


                                                                                              As at 31 December
                                                                                                 2020           2019
                                                                                              RMB’000        RMB’000


     Mainland China                                                                         78,950,702               74,376,868
     Hong Kong                                                                                 137,514                  155,180


                                                                                            79,088,216               74,532,048


     Analysis of revenue by category:


                                                                                          Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                2020           2019
                                                                                            RMB’000         RMB’000


     Recognised at a point in time
     Sales of vehicles and related products                                                  56,832,098               53,955,055


     Recognised over time
     Maintenance, transportation and other services                                            3,091,150                2,768,327


     Revenue under HKFRS 15                                                                  59,923,248               56,723,382


     Revenue from other sources (Note (i))                                                     3,233,737                2,980,940


                                                                                             63,156,985               59,704,322


     (i)   Revenue from other sources includes insurance services, financing services and lease income.




                                                                        Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   253
        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  6.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
       (a)   Contract liabilities
             The Group has recognised the following revenue-related contract liabilities:

                                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                                                     2020           2019
                                                                                  RMB’000        RMB’000

             Contract liabilities
              – Related parties                                                      58,605             66,158
              – Third parties                                                     1,434,254          1,462,599

                                                                                  1,492,859          1,528,757



             (i)     Significant changes in contract liabilities
                     Contract liabilities of the Group mainly arise from the advance payments made by customers
                     while the underlying services are yet to be provided or the vehicles and related products
                     are yet to be delivered. The decrease in contract liabilities was mainly due to decrease in
                     advance payments from customers.


             (ii)    Revenue recognised in relation to contract liabilities
                     The following table shows how much of the revenue recognised in the current reporting
                     period relates to carried-forward contract liabilities.

                                                                               Year ended 31 December
                                                                                     2020           2019
                                                                                 RMB’000         RMB’000

                     Revenue recognised that was included in the
                      balance of contract liabilities at the beginning of
                      the year
                      – Related parties                                              58,605             82,253
                      – Third parties                                             1,470,152          1,253,443

                                                                                  1,528,757          1,335,696



             (iii)   Unsatisfied performance obligations
                     For the services the Group rendered, they are rendered in short period of time, which is
                     generally less than a year, and the Group has elected the practical expedient for not to
                     disclose the remaining performance obligations for these type of contracts.


254
                                                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




7.   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                                                                                                 Office and other        Leasehold Construction in
                                                     Buildings     Machinery       Vehicles        Moulds              equipment      improvements       progress           Total
                                                     RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000                RMB’000           RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000


     Year ended 31 December 2019
       Opening net book amount                       6,806,926      5,218,356       812,410        783,289               268,815           205,736        2,222,861     16,318,393
       Additions                                        57,658        638,984       579,532        468,927               164,284           142,474        3,096,807      5,148,666
       Transfer from investment properties
         (Note 9)                                       66,022               –              –               –                    –                –               –           66,022
       Disposals                                         (7,076)        (3,630)       (48,767)         (1,494)              (2,477)               –               –          (63,444)
       Transfer to investment properties (Note 9)        (8,161)             –              –               –                    –                –               –            (8,161)
       Transfers                                     1,561,811      1,849,883           6,509       214,786                33,561                 –      (3,666,550)                –
       Depreciation charge (Note 29)                  (396,149)      (848,026)      (219,549)      (351,351)              (86,323)          (82,273)              –      (1,983,671)
       Impairment charge (Note 29)                            –         (5,765)       (12,499)       (61,383)               (2,351)               –               –          (81,998)


       Closing net book amount                       8,081,031      6,849,802      1,117,636      1,052,774              375,509           265,937        1,653,118     19,395,807


     As at 31 December 2019
       Cost                                          9,940,640     10,362,909      1,680,587      2,764,901               745,017           793,546       1,654,141     27,941,741
       Accumulated depreciation and impairment      (1,859,609)     (3,513,107)     (562,951)    (1,712,127)             (369,508)         (527,609)          (1,023)    (8,545,934)


       Net book amount                               8,081,031      6,849,802      1,117,636      1,052,774              375,509           265,937        1,653,118     19,395,807


     Year ended 31 December 2020
       Opening net book amount                       8,081,031      6,849,802      1,117,636      1,052,774              375,509           265,937        1,653,118     19,395,807
       Additions                                       312,010         98,428        217,114         65,954              371,105            81,823        2,018,043      3,164,477
       Transfer from investment properties
         (Note 9)                                       10,851              –              –              –                    –                  –               –          10,851
       Disposals                                          (319)       (68,744)       (94,095)        (2,587)              (4,249)                 –               –        (169,994)
       Transfer to investment properties (Note 9)      (77,703)             –              –              –                    –                  –               –         (77,703)
       Transfers                                     1,057,669        881,657         78,761        179,937               21,461                  –      (2,219,485)              –
       Depreciation charge (Note 29)                  (473,150)      (919,028)      (281,554)      (331,121)            (151,327)           (88,439)              –      (2,244,619)
       Impairment charge (Note 29)                           –           (932)        (4,654)           (14)                  (9)                 –               –          (5,609)


       Closing net book amount                       8,910,389      6,841,183      1,033,208       964,943               612,490           259,321        1,451,676     20,073,210


     As at 31 December 2020
       Cost                                         11,239,238     11,230,979      1,751,296      3,004,963            1,120,278            875,372       1,452,699      30,674,825
       Accumulated depreciation and impairment      (2,328,849)    (4,389,796)      (718,088)    (2,040,020)            (507,788)          (616,051)         (1,023)    (10,601,615)


       Net book amount                               8,910,389      6,841,183      1,033,208       964,943               612,490           259,321        1,451,676     20,073,210
                                                                                                 Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020                           255
        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  7.   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)
       (a)   Depreciation expenses have been charged to the consolidated statement of comprehensive income
             as follows:


                                                                               Year ended 31 December
                                                                                     2020           2019
                                                                                 RMB’000         RMB’000


             Cost of sales                                                         1,850,320           1,671,159
             Selling and distribution costs                                          123,907              76,117
             Administrative expenses                                                 270,392             236,395


                                                                                   2,244,619           1,983,671



       (b)   As at 31 December 2020, a certain bank borrowings (Note 26(a)) were secured by the Group’s
             property, plant and equipment with the carrying value of approximately RMB216,000 (2019:
             RMB69,084,000).


       (c)   As at 31 December 2020, the Group is in the process of applying for the title certificates of certain
             of its property with an aggregate carrying value of approximately RMB2,105,777,000 (2019:
             RMB2,315,334,000). The Directors consider that the Group is entitled to lawfully and validly occupy
             or use those properties.


       (d)   During the year, the Group capitalised borrowing costs amounting to RMB16,196,000 (2019:
             RMB9,412,000) on qualifying assets (construction in progress). Borrowing costs were capitalised
             at rate of its general borrowings of 3.18%-5.19% (2019: 2.25%-5.12%).




256
                                                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




8.   LEASES
     This note provides information for leases where the Group is a lessee.


     (a)   Amounts recognised in the consolidated balance sheet
           The consolidated balance sheet shows the following amounts relating to leases:


                                                                                      As at 31                   As at 31
                                                                                     December                  December
                                                                                         2020                       2019
                                                                                      RMB’000                   RMB’000


           Right-of-use assets
            Land-use rights (Notes (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv))                         5,478,957                5,462,360
            Properties                                                                1,392,279                1,338,808
            Vehicles                                                                     20,859                   21,800
            Others                                                                       16,913                   23,403


                                                                                      6,909,008                6,846,371


           Lease liabilities
            Current                                                                     209,062                  176,601
            Non-current                                                               1,303,479                1,232,042


                                                                                      1,512,541                1,408,643


           Additions to the right-of-use assets during the 2020 financial year were RMB557,215,000.




                                                                 Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   257
        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  8.   LEASES (Continued)
       (a)   Amounts recognised in the consolidated balance sheet (Continued)
             (i)     The Group has land lease arrangement with mainland China government.
                     Land use rights represent the Group’s interests in land which are held on leases between
                     15 to 50 years. Movements of the land use rights for the year are as follows:

                                                                                 Year ended 31 December
                                                                                       2020           2019
                                                                                   RMB’000         RMB’000

                     Beginning of the year
                      Cost                                                          5,953,729           4,302,065
                      Accumulated depreciation and impairment                        (491,369)           (372,073)

                      Net book amount                                               5,462,360           3,929,992

                     For the year ended
                      Opening net book amount                                       5,462,360           3,929,992
                      Additions                                                       210,547           1,651,664
                      Transferred from investment properties (Note 9)                   3,621                   –
                      Transferred to investment properties (Note 9)                   (71,568)                  –
                      Depreciation charge                                            (126,003)           (119,296)

                      Closing net book amount                                       5,478,957           5,462,360

                     End of the year
                      Cost                                                          6,084,640           5,953,729
                      Accumulated depreciation and impairment                        (605,683)           (491,369)

                      Net book amount                                               5,478,957           5,462,360


             (ii)    The amount of depreciation of the Group was primarily charged to cost of sales and
                     administrative expenses in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income.


             (iii)   As at 31 December 2020, there is no bank borrowing secured by the Group’s land use rights.
                     As at 31 December 2019, certain bank borrowings were secured by the Group’s land use
                     rights with the carrying value of approximately RMB14,771,000.


             (iv)    As at 31 December 2020, the Group is in the process of applying for the title certificates of
                     certain of its land use rights with an aggregate carrying value of approximately RMB688,459,000
                     (2019: RMB623,237,000). The Directors consider that the Group is entitled to lawfully and
                     validly occupy or use those land use rights.

258
                                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




8.   LEASES (Continued)
     (b)   Amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income
           The consolidated statement of comprehensive income shows the following amounts relating to
           leases:


                                                                                          2020                     2019
                                                                    Notes              RMB’000                  RMB’000


           Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets
            Land-use rights                                                              126,003                  119,296
            Properties                                                                   266,842                  203,097
            Vehicles                                                                      15,918                   10,283
            Others                                                                         6,535                    5,444


                                                                      29                 415,298                  338,120


           Interest expense (included in finance cost)                33                   76,154                   59,503
           Expense relating to short-term leases (included in
             cost of sales, selling and distribution costs and
             administrative expenses)                                 29                   16,369                   28,918
           Expense relating to leases of low-value assets
             that are not shown above as short-term leases
             (included in administrative expenses)                    29                       337                           88


           The total cash outflow for leases in 2020 was RMB331,812,000.


     (c)   The Group’s leasing activities and how these are accounted for
           The Group leases various properties, vehicles, office and other equipment. Rental contracts are
           typically made for fixed periods of 6 months to 20 years, but may have extension options.


           Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and
           conditions. The lease agreements do not impose any covenants other than the security interests
           in the leased assets that are held by the lessor. Leased assets may not be used as security for
           borrowing purposes.




                                                                 Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020        259
        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  9.   INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
                                                               Year ended 31 December
                                                                     2020           2019
                                                                 RMB’000         RMB’000


       Beginning of the year
        Cost                                                    1,636,186      1,727,811
        Accumulated depreciation                                 (301,699)      (241,817)


        Net book amount                                          1,334,487     1,485,994


       For the year ended
        Opening net book amount                                 1,334,487      1,485,994
        Additions                                                   2,135               –
        Adjustment                                                      –         (25,136)
        Transfer from land use rights (Note 8)                     71,568               –
        Transfer from property, plant and equipment (Note 7)       77,703           8,161
        Transfer to land use rights (Note 8)                       (3,621)              –
        Transfer to property, plant and equipment (Note 7)        (10,851)        (66,022)
        Depreciation charge (Note 29)                             (83,876)        (68,510)


        Closing net book amount                                  1,387,545     1,334,487


        End of the year
         Cost                                                    1,788,356     1,636,186
         Accumulated depreciation                                 (400,811)     (301,699)


          Net book amount                                       1,387,545      1,334,487




260
                                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




9.   INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)
     (a)   The Group’s investment properties at their net book values are analysed as follows:


                                                                                     As at 31 December
                                                                                        2020           2019
                                                                                     RMB’000        RMB’000


           Mainland China                                                           1,373,602                1,320,451
           Hong Kong                                                                   13,943                   14,036


                                                                                    1,387,545                1,334,487



     (b)   As at 31 December 2020, the Group is in the process of applying for the title certificates of certain
           of its investment properties with an aggregate carrying value of approximately RMB52,157,000
           (2019: RMB35,938,000). The Directors consider that the Group is entitled to lawfully and validly
           occupy or use those properties.


     (c)   Rental income from operating lease recognised in profit or loss for investment properties in 2020
           were approximately RMB110,957,000 (2019: RMB230,886,000).


     (d)   Leasing arrangements
           The investment properties are leased to tenants under operating leases with rentals payable monthly.
           There are no variable lease payments that depend on an index or rate.




                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   261
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  10. INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                         Patent,
                                                      proprietary
                                                 technology and     Computer                 Development
                                                  franchise right    software     Goodwill          costs        Total
                                                        RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000


      Year ended 31 December 2019
       Opening net book amount                           444,724      298,766      127,099      7,669,396      8,539,985
       Additions                                          17,286      272,109            –      4,316,946      4,606,341
       Amortisation charge (Note 29)                     (57,394)     (88,914)           –     (1,747,057)    (1,893,365)
       Impairment charge (Note 29)                              –        (412)           –       (442,805)      (443,217)


       Closing net book amount                           404,616      481,549      127,099      9,796,480     10,809,744


      As at 31 December 2019
       Cost                                            1,318,134      792,291      127,099     17,990,582     20,228,106
       Accumulated amortisation and impairment          (913,518)    (310,742)           –     (8,194,102)    (9,418,362)


       Net book amount                                   404,616      481,549      127,099      9,796,480     10,809,744


      Year ended 31 December 2020
       Opening net book amount                           404,616       481,549     127,099       9,796,480    10,809,744
       Additions                                           71,446      263,076           –       4,153,847      4,488,369
       Amortisation charge (Note 29)                     (51,709)    (128,023)           –     (2,186,869)    (2,366,601)
       Impairment charge (Note 29)                              –             –          –       (662,164)      (662,164)
       Disposals                                          (6,834)       (3,901)          –               –        (10,735)


       Closing net book amount                           417,519      612,701      127,099     11,101,294     12,258,613


      As at 31 December 2020
       Cost                                            1,382,746    1,051,466      127,099      22,144,429     24,705,740
       Accumulated amortisation and impairment         (965,227)    (438,765)            –    (11,043,135)   (12,447,127)


       Net book amount                                   417,519      612,701      127,099     11,101,294     12,258,613




262
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




10. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Continued)
    (a)   Amortisation of the Group’s intangible assets mainly charged to cost of sales.

    (b)   Goodwill arose from acquisition of businesses:


                                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                                                     2020           2019
                                                                                  RMB’000        RMB’000


          Denway                                                                      90,299                   90,299
          Others                                                                      36,800                   36,800


                                                                                    127,099                  127,099


          (i)   Goodwill is allocated to the vehicles and related operations segment, which is operated in
                Mainland China. Impairment testing is performed at each year end, and there was no material
                impairment for goodwill as at year end.


    (c)   During the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group capitalised borrowing costs amounting to
          RMB60,950,000 (2019: RMB54,909,000) on qualifying assets (development costs). Borrowing costs
          were capitalised at rate of its general borrowings of 5.19% (2019: 5.19%).



11. INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES
    The amounts recognised in the consolidated balance sheet are as follows:


                                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                                                     2020           2019
                                                                                  RMB’000        RMB’000


    Investments in joint ventures                                               24,654,320               23,867,207
    Investments in associates                                                    8,749,243                8,137,579


                                                                                33,403,563               32,004,786




                                                            Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   263
        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  11. INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (Continued)
      The amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income are as follows:

                                                                                           Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                 2020           2019
                                                                                             RMB’000         RMB’000


      Share of profit of joint ventures (Note (i))                                            8,332,088             8,194,859
      Share of profit of associates (Note (i))                                                1,238,890             1,204,484


                                                                                              9,570,978             9,399,343


      (i)   Unrealised profits or losses resulting from upstream and downstream transactions are eliminated.



      11.1 INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES
                                                                                               As at 31 December
                                                                                                  2020           2019
                                                                                               RMB’000        RMB’000


            Investment in unlisted shares                                                    24,654,320            23,867,207



            (a)    Movements of investments in joint ventures are set out as follows:
                                                                                           Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                 2020           2019
                                                                                             RMB’000         RMB’000


                   Beginning of the year                                                     23,867,207            22,113,574
                   Additions (Note (i))                                                       1,274,421                508,510
                   Disposals                                                                    (11,489)                      –
                   Capital reduction                                                            (21,768)                (88,420)
                   Share of profits                                                           8,460,468              8,252,907
                   Share of addition in other reserves                                           25,235                   2,654
                   Dividends declared                                                        (8,939,754)            (6,922,018)


                   End of the year                                                           24,654,320            23,867,207


                   (i)     The additions in 2020 mainly represent the Group’s additional capital contribution of RMB329,686,000 and
                           RMB500,000,000 to GAC Toyota and GAC FCA in proportion to its interest held, respectively. In addition,
                           the Group contributed capital of RMB173,530,000 to five newly set-up joint ventures.
264
                                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




11. INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (Continued)
    11.1 INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES (Continued)

        (b)   Set out below are the joint ventures of the Group as at 31 December 2020, which in
              the opinion of the directors, are material to the Group. The joint ventures as listed
              below are held directly by the Group. The country of incorporation or registration
              is also their principal place of business.
                                      Place of
              Name of joint           business/country % of ownership              Nature of the            Measurement
              ventures                of incorporation        interest             relationship                 method


              GAC Honda               Mainland China                        50     Note 1                             Equity
              GAC Toyota              Mainland China                        50     Note 1                             Equity
              GAC FCA                 Mainland China                        50     Note 1                             Equity
              GAC Mitsubishi          Mainland China                        50     Note 1                             Equity
              GAC Hino                Mainland China                        50     Note 1                             Equity
              GAC SOFINCO             Mainland China                        50     Note 1                             Equity
              Wuyang-Honda            Mainland China                        50     Note 1                             Equity


              Note 1: GAC Honda, GAC Toyota, GAC FCA, GAC Mitsubishi, GAC Hino are companies manufacturing and selling
                      automobiles and automotive parts, GAC SOFINCO is a company providing automotive financing services,
                      and Wuyang-Honda is a company manufacturing and selling motorcycles and motorcycle parts. All of them
                      are unlisted companies.



        (c)   Summarised financial information for joint ventures
              Set out below is the summary of combined financial information for all the joint ventures of
              the Group (excluding goodwill). As restricted by the confidentiality agreements entered into
              with other shareholders of certain joint ventures, the Group has not disclosed certain financial
              data of material joint ventures separately. The aggregate of the financial information of the
              above seven material joint ventures identified by Directors covers over 90% of combined
              financial information of all the joint ventures of the Group listed below.


              The below financial information of the joint ventures has been consistently measured based
              on the fair values of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed at the date
              of acquisition.


              The information below reflects the amounts presented in the financial statements of the joint
              ventures (and not the Group’s share of those amounts) adjusted for differences in accounting
              policies between the Group and the joint ventures.

                                                                  Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020    265
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  11. INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (Continued)
      11.1 INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES (Continued)

          (c)   Summarised financial information for joint ventures (Continued)
                Summarised balance sheet

                                                                                       As at 31 December
                                                                                          2020              2019
                                                                                       RMB’000           RMB’000

                Assets
                Non-current assets                                                    80,634,952       74,621,992

                Current assets
                  – Cash and cash equivalents                                         53,784,557       52,811,062
                  – Other current assets                                              53,230,040       46,104,137

                                                                                     107,014,597       98,915,199

                Total assets                                                         187,649,549      173,537,191

                Liabilities
                Non-current liabilities
                  – Financial liabilities (excluding trade and other payables)        18,639,156       21,693,717
                  – Other non-current liabilities (including trade and
                        other payables)                                                5,597,716        5,980,843

                                                                                      24,236,872       27,674,560

                Current liabilities
                  – Financial liabilities (excluding trade and other payables)        30,914,068       23,703,660
                  – Other current liabilities (including trade and other payables)    88,441,087       79,557,334

                                                                                     119,355,155      103,260,994

                Total liabilities                                                    143,592,027      130,935,554

                Net assets                                                            44,057,522       42,601,637
                Less: Non-controlling interests                                          (18,882)          (17,206)

                                                                                      44,038,640       42,584,431


266
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




11. INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (Continued)
    11.1 INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES (Continued)

        (c)   Summarised financial information for joint ventures (Continued)
              Summarised statement of comprehensive income


                                                                               Year ended 31 December
                                                                                     2020           2019
                                                                                 RMB’000         RMB’000


              Revenue                                                          261,646,209              248,545,510
              Cost of sales                                                   (222,890,622)            (211,668,629)
              Other expenditures                                               (22,078,956)              (20,390,072)


              Profit after tax                                                   16,676,631               16,486,809
              Less: profit attributable to non-controlling interests                 (1,676)                    (133)


                                                                                 16,674,955               16,486,676
              Other comprehensive loss                                                  (45)                      (20)


              Total comprehensive income                                         16,674,910               16,486,656




                                                             Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   267
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  11. INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (Continued)
      11.1 INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES (Continued)

          (c)   Summarised financial information for joint ventures (Continued)
                Set out below are the assets, liabilities, revenue and dividends of the material joint ventures
                of the Group:


                                                  Assets                  Liabilities               Revenue           Dividends received
                Name of joint ventures      As at 31 December        As at 31 December      Year ended 31 December Year ended 31 December

                                              2020        2019         2020         2019        2020         2019       2020        2019
                                           RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000    RMB’000     RMB’000


                GAC Honda                49,364,408   44,697,440   39,121,552   35,192,313 118,427,184 105,711,443   3,570,027   3,170,453
                GAC Toyota               51,126,057   42,413,233   33,022,394   26,733,071 110,758,496 98,054,270    4,802,616   3,222,567
                GAC FCA                  11,670,376   13,813,233   12,001,765   12,477,307   6,329,037 11,660,579            –           –
                GAC Mitsubishi           10,544,439   10,648,201    7,688,141    6,922,310   9,708,132 17,861,884            –           –
                GAC Hino                  1,915,405    1,992,311    1,396,631    1,473,738   1,120,090   1,320,691           –           –
                GAC SOFINCO              48,937,545   47,115,278   42,506,893   41,108,831   3,998,039   3,802,501     200,000      50,000
                Wuyang-Honda              2,980,875    3,032,838    1,575,993    1,729,641   4,780,814   5,109,057      44,055      12,660


                Total                    176,539,105 163,712,534 137,313,369 125,637,211 255,121,792 243,520,425     8,616,698   6,455,680




268
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




11. INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (Continued)
    11.1 INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES (Continued)

        (c)   Summarised financial information for joint ventures (Continued)
              Reconciliation of share of the net assets to the carrying amount of the Group’s interests in
              the material joint ventures:


                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                   2020           2019
                                                                                RMB’000        RMB’000


              Assets                                                        176,539,105              163,712,534
              Less: Liabilities                                            (137,313,369)            (125,637,211)
                    Non-controlling interests                                   (18,882)                  (17,206)


              Net assets excluding non-controlling interests                  39,206,854               38,058,117
              Percentage of ownership interest                                      50%                      50%


              Interests in material joint ventures                            19,603,427               19,029,059
              Goodwill                                                         2,916,552                2,916,552
                – GAC Mitsubishi                                               2,895,293                2,895,293
                – Wuyang-Honda                                                    21,259                   21,259


              Carrying amount of investments in material joint
               ventures                                                       22,519,979               21,945,611



    11.2 INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES
                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                   2020           2019
                                                                                RMB’000        RMB’000


        Unlisted companies                                                     8,749,243                8,137,579




                                                          Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   269
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  11. INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES AND ASSOCIATES (Continued)
      11.2 INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)

          (a)   Movements of investments in associates are set out as follows:


                                                                                      Year ended 31 December
                                                                                            2020           2019
                                                                                        RMB’000         RMB’000


                Beginning of the year                                                    8,137,579              6,881,735
                Additions (Note (i))                                                       350,037              1,441,317
                Disposals                                                                        –                 (10,004)
                Capital reduction                                                          (52,680)                (17,861)
                Share of profits                                                         1,244,104              1,214,895
                Share of addition in other reserves                                          2,470                   3,566
                Dividends declared                                                        (932,267)            (1,376,069)


                End of the year                                                          8,749,243              8,137,579


                (i)    The additions in 2020 mainly represent the Group’s additional capital contribution of RMB323,193,000 to
                       GAC Toyota Engine Co., Ltd. in proportion to its interest held.



          (b)   In the opinion of the board, there are no associates individually material to the
                Group. Set out below is the Group’s share of associates’ results:


                                                                                      Year ended 31 December
                                                                                            2020           2019
                                                                                        RMB’000         RMB’000


                Associates
                Profit                                                                   1,238,890              1,204,484
                Other comprehensive loss                                                         –                   (409)


                Total comprehensive income                                               1,238,890              1,204,075



          (c)   Particulars of the Group’s principal associates are set out in Note 5.



270
                                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




12. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY
                                                                                     As at 31 December
                                                                                        2020           2019
                                                                                     RMB’000        RMB’000


    Financial assets at amortised cost
      – Prepayments and long-term receivables
          (excluding prepayments) (Note 16)                                         4,342,527                2,914,290
      – Trade and other receivables (excluding prepayments
          and value added tax recoverable) (Note 18)                               17,418,048               13,675,873
      – Time deposits (Note 19)                                                    10,624,362                6,959,924
      – Restricted cash (Note 20)                                                   2,084,314                1,678,017
      – Cash and cash equivalents (Note 21)                                        15,791,397               23,604,986
    Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive
      income (Note 14)                                                                941,393                1,231,166
    Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (Note 15)                 5,970,267                3,980,317


                                                                                   57,172,308               54,044,573


    Financial liabilities at amortised cost
      – Trade and other payables (excluding employee benefits
          payable, other taxes and government grants) (Note 25)                    31,171,021               31,092,864
      – Borrowings (Note 26)                                                       14,977,384               13,860,551
    Lease liabilities (Note 8)                                                      1,512,541                1,408,643


    Total                                                                          47,660,946               46,362,058




                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   271
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  13. DEFERRED INCOME TAX
      (a)   Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to
            offset current tax assets against current tax liabilities and when the deferred income taxes relate
            to the same taxation authority. The analysis of deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities is as
            follows:


                                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                                                     2020           2019
                                                                                  RMB’000        RMB’000


            Deferred tax assets:                                                  2,236,774          1,705,313


            Set-off of deferred tax liabilities                                    (113,170)                   –


            Deferred tax assets – net                                             2,123,604          1,705,313


            Deferred tax liabilities:                                              (251,202)           (183,136)


            Set-off of deferred tax assets                                          113,170                    –


            Deferred tax liabilities – net                                         (138,032)           (183,136)


      (b)   The net movements on the deferred income tax account are as follows:


                                                                               Year ended 31 December
                                                                                     2020           2019
                                                                                 RMB’000         RMB’000


            As at 1 January                                                       1,522,177             901,098
            Tax recognised in profit or loss (Note 34)                              463,395             621,079


            End of the year                                                       1,985,572          1,522,177




272
                                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




13. DEFERRED INCOME TAX (Continued)
    (c)   The movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities during the year, without taking into consideration
          the offsetting of balances within the same tax jurisdiction, are as follows:


                                                              Accrued                     Intangible
                                           Impairment    expenses and                          asset
          Deferred tax assets                provision         others      Provisions   amortisation     Tax losses        Total
                                             RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000


          Year ended 31 December 2019
          Opening book amount                 129,467         665,606        161,864         83,502         21,636       1,062,075
          Recognised in profit or loss         70,349        (113,682)        70,104         40,232        576,235         643,238


          Closing book amount                 199,816         551,924        231,968        123,734        597,871       1,705,313


          Year ended 31 December 2020
          Opening book amount                 199,816         551,924        231,968        123,734        597,871       1,705,313
          Recognised in profit or loss         85,530         301,640        (47,866)        78,641        113,516         531,461


          Closing book amount                 285,346         853,564        184,102        202,375        711,387       2,236,774




                                                                     Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020       273
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  13. DEFERRED INCOME TAX (Continued)
      (c)   The movements in deferred tax assets and liabilities during the year, without taking into consideration
            the offsetting of balances within the same tax jurisdiction, are as follows: (Continued)

                                                                               Fair value
                                                                                    gains
                                           Accelerated      Revaluation      arisen from      Share of
                                               taxation     of financial        business       profit of
            Deferred tax liabilities       depreciation           assets    combination     associates       Others          Total
                                              RMB’000         RMB’000           RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000


            Year ended 31 December 2019
            Opening book amount                 (96,818)          (2,776)        (24,088)       (37,289)           (6)      (160,977)
            Recognised in profit or loss          (8,227)       (11,277)           4,442          (7,072)        (25)         (22,159)


            Closing book amount                (105,045)        (14,053)         (19,646)       (44,361)         (31)       (183,136)


            Year ended 31 December 2020
            Opening book amount                (105,045)        (14,053)         (19,646)       (44,361)         (31)       (183,136)
            Recognised in profit or loss        (10,812)        (44,883)          (1,098)        (9,600)      (1,673)        (68,066)


            Closing book amount                (115,857)        (58,936)         (20,744)       (53,961)      (1,704)       (251,202)


      (d)   In accordance with the PRC tax law, tax losses may be carried forward against future taxable
            income for a period of five years. As at 31 December 2020, the Group did not recognise deferred
            tax assets in respect of losses amounting to RMB8,676,573,000 (2019: RMB7,460,746,000), as it
            is uncertain that future taxable profit will be available against which the tax losses can be utilised.
            These tax losses will expire between 2021 and 2025.

                                                                                                        Unused tax losses for
                                                                                                        which no deferred tax
            Expire year                                                                                 asset was recognised
                                                                                                                    RMB’000


            2021                                                                                                         1,796,151
            2022                                                                                                         2,167,278
            2023                                                                                                           504,047
            2024                                                                                                         1,950,988
            2025                                                                                                         2,258,109


                                                                                                                         8,676,573

274
                                                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




14. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                                                    As at 31 December
                                                                                                       2020           2019
                                                                                                    RMB’000        RMB’000


    Non-current assets
    Listed stock                                                                                      630,703                  497,550
    Unlisted preference share                                                                               –                  726,668


                                                                                                      630,703               1,224,218


    Current assets
    Unlisted notes receivable                                                                         310,690                     6,948


                                                                                                      941,393               1,231,166


    (i)    FVOCI of the Group comprise equity instruments which are not held for trading, and which the Group has irrevocably elected
           at initial recognition to recognise in this category. These are strategic investments and the Group considers this classification
           to be more relevant.

    (ii)   Amounts recognised in profit or loss and other comprehensive income


           During the year, the following gains were recognised:


                                                                                                    Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                          2020              2019
                                                                                                      RMB’000            RMB’000


           Gains recognised in other comprehensive income
             – Related to equity investments (Note 35)                                                  133,153                     8,974


           Dividends from equity investments held at FVOCI recognised in other
             gains in profit or loss
             – Related to investments held at the end of the reporting period                            18,251                   19,040




                                                                             Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020      275
        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  15. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT AND LOSS
                                                                                               As at 31 December
                                                                                                  2020           2019
                                                                                               RMB’000        RMB’000


      Non-current assets
      Debt instrument
       Listed bond investments                                                                   590,403                 662,117
       Unlisted financial products                                                               419,613                 572,864
       Unlisted preference share                                                                 848,526                       –


                                                                                               1,858,542              1,234,981


      Equity instrument
       Listed stocks                                                                             195,008                 114,724
       Listed fund investments                                                                   109,916                  45,018
       Listed preference shares                                                                  598,678                 587,424
       Unlisted fund investments                                                               1,021,473                 611,373
       Unlisted other equity investment                                                          591,639                 543,952


                                                                                               2,516,714              1,902,491


      Current assets
      Debt instrument
       Listed bond investments                                                                   126,996                  70,119
       Unlisted financial products                                                               661,392                 212,675
       Unlisted trust products                                                                    94,164                 148,871


                                                                                                 882,552                 431,665


      Equity instrument
       Unlisted fund investments                                                                 712,459                 411,180


                                                                                               5,970,267              3,980,317


      (i)   The Group classifies the following FVPL:


            •      debt investments that do not qualify for measurement at either amortised cost or FVOCI

            •      equity investments that are held for trading, and

            •      equity investments for which the entity has not elected to recognise fair value gains and losses through OCI.



276
                                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




15. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT AND LOSS (Continued)
    (ii)   Amounts recognised in profit or loss
           During the year, the following gains were recognised in profit or loss:


                                                                                                  Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                        2020              2019
                                                                                                    RMB’000            RMB’000


           Fair value gains on equity investments at FVPL recognised in
             other gains-net (Note 31)                                                                 58,832                   22,515
           Fair value gains on debt instruments at FVPL recognised in
             other gains-net (Note 31)                                                                233,860                   72,839


                                                                                                      292,692                   95,354




16. PREPAYMENTS AND OTHER LONG-TERM RECEIVABLES
                                                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                                                                     2020           2019
                                                                                                  RMB’000        RMB’000


    Prepayments                                                                                     713,750               1,226,563


    Finance lease receivables (Note (a)) (Note 18(e))                                            1,969,136                1,017,757
    Other loans and receivables                                                                    965,376                1,005,880
    Loans receivable (Note 18(c))                                                                1,472,465                  950,000


                                                                                                 4,406,977                2,973,637


    Less: provision for other long-term receivables                                                  (64,450)                 (59,347)


                                                                                                 5,056,277                4,140,853


    (a)    As at 31 December 2020, certain bank borrowings (Note 26(a)) were secured by the Group’s long-term receivables with
           the carrying value of approximately RMB1,617,311,000 (2019: RMB798,420,000).




                                                                            Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020    277
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  17. INVENTORIES
                                                                           As at 31 December
                                                                              2020           2019
                                                                           RMB’000        RMB’000


      Raw materials and consumables                                        2,703,001         1,946,542
      Work-in-progress                                                       129,221           101,593
      Finished goods and merchandise                                       3,956,033         5,032,157


                                                                           6,788,255         7,080,292


      Less: provision for impairment                                        (166,675)         (152,462)


                                                                           6,621,580         6,927,830


      The cost of inventories recognised as expenses and included in cost of sales amounted to
      RMB43,168,390,000 (2019: RMB43,909,642,000).


      As at 31 December 2020, certain bank borrowings (Note 26(a)) and notes payable were secured by the
      Group’s inventories with the carrying value of approximately RMB362,361,000 (2019: RMB443,335,000)
      and RMB604,913,000 (2019: RMB774,206,000), respectively.




278
                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




18. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
                                                                           As at 31 December
                                                                              2020           2019
                                                                           RMB’000        RMB’000


    Trade receivables (Notes (a) and (b))                                 4,583,098                3,720,676
    Less: provision for impairment                                         (265,896)                (254,327)


    Trade receivables – net                                               4,317,202                3,466,349
    Notes receivable                                                      1,884,928                2,241,121
    Loans receivable (Note (c))                                           3,118,804                1,645,655
    Entrusted loans (Note (d))                                              596,916                  240,000
    Value added tax recoverable                                           1,039,179                1,883,638
    Prepayments                                                           1,158,328                1,284,439
    Dividends receivable (Note 41(b))                                     3,752,145                3,614,415
    Finance lease receivables (Note (e))                                  2,283,633                1,127,573
    Other receivables                                                     1,464,420                1,340,760


                                                                         19,615,555               16,843,950




                                                     Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   279
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  18. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)
      (a)   Sales of passenger vehicles were normally made with advances from customers. Sales of other
            products were made on credit terms ranging from 0 to 365 days. As at 31 December 2020 and
            2019, the ageing analysis of these trade receivables is presented on the basis of the date of the
            relevant invoices as follows:


                                                                               As at 31 December
                                                                                  2020           2019
                                                                               RMB’000        RMB’000


            Within 1 year                                                      3,374,378          2,908,145
            Between 1 and 2 years                                                845,760            561,819
            Between 2 and 3 years                                                117,223             78,988
            Between 3 and 4 years                                                 76,087              7,363
            Between 4 and 5 years                                                  5,289              8,401
            Over 5 years                                                         164,361            155,960


                                                                               4,583,098          3,720,676


            The Group applies the simplified approach to provide for expected credit losses prescribed by
            HKFRS 9. As at 31 December 2020, a provision of RMB265,896,000 was made against the gross
            amounts of trade receivables (2019: RMB254,327,000).


      (b)   Fair values of trade receivables


            Due to the short-term nature of the current receivables, their carrying amount is considered to be
            the same as their fair value.




280
                                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




18. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)
    (c)   The balance represents loans to related parties and third parties in relation to provision of financing
          services by a subsidiary of the Group. The effective interest rate as at 31 December 2020 is 3.95%
          (2019: 3.71%-4.35%).


                                                                                     As at 31 December
                                                                                        2020           2019
                                                                                     RMB’000        RMB’000


          Gross loan balance                                                        4,654,687                2,623,364
          Less: provision for impairment                                              (82,010)                  (59,705)


                                                                                    4,572,677                2,563,659


          Less: current portion                                                    (3,118,804)               (1,645,655)


          Non-current portion                                                       1,453,873                   918,004


          Movements of impairment allowances are as follows:


                                                                                 Year ended 31 December
                                                                                       2020           2019
                                                                                   RMB’000         RMB’000


          At 1 January                                                                   59,705                   21,835
          Provision for impairment loss                                                  22,305                   37,870


          At 31 December                                                                 82,010                   59,705


    (d)   The entrusted loans are mainly provided to related parties through financial institutions, which will
          be due in 2021. The effective interest rate as at 31 December 2020 is 4.00% (2019: 4.35%).


    (e)   Finance income on the net investment in the lease amounted to RMB331,428,000 in 2020 (2019:
          RMB295,313,000).




                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   281
        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  18. TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)
      (f)   The carrying amounts of the Group’s trade and other receivables are denominated in the following
            currencies:



                                                                              As at 31 December
                                                                                 2020           2019
                                                                              RMB’000        RMB’000


            RMB                                                             19,511,111         16,727,847
            USD                                                                  5,679             57,677
            HKD                                                                 98,765             58,426


                                                                            19,615,555         16,843,950


  19. TIME DEPOSITS
                                                                              As at 31 December
                                                                                 2020           2019
                                                                              RMB’000        RMB’000


      Denominated in:
       – RMB                                                                10,070,487          6,488,974
       – USD                                                                   553,875            466,366
       – HKD                                                                         –              4,584


                                                                            10,624,362          6,959,924


      The initial term of time deposits was over three months.




282
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




20. RESTRICTED CASH
                                                                                    As at 31 December
                                                                                       2020           2019
                                                                                    RMB’000        RMB’000


    Deposits for letters of credit and bank notes                                     585,257                  434,757
    Security and other deposits                                                       175,857                  152,780
    Mandatory reserve deposits with the People’s
     Bank of China (“PBOC”) (Note (a))                                             1,323,200                1,090,480


                                                                                   2,084,314                1,678,017


    (a)   A subsidiary of the Group is required to place mandatory reserve deposits with the PBOC for its
          provision of financing service. Those deposits with the PBOC are not available for use in the Group’s
          daily operations.


          The carrying amount of the Group’s restricted cash are denominated in the following currencies:


                                                                                    As at 31 December
                                                                                       2020           2019
                                                                                    RMB’000        RMB’000


          RMB                                                                      2,083,648                1,675,926
          USD                                                                            666                        –
          HKD                                                                              –                    2,091


                                                                                   2,084,314                1,678,017




                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   283
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  21. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
                                                                                   As at 31 December
                                                                                      2020           2019
                                                                                   RMB’000        RMB’000


      Denominated in:
       – RMB                                                                     15,546,190          23,126,628
       – HKD                                                                         30,145              23,276
       – USD                                                                        210,835             452,343
       – JPY                                                                          4,217               1,736
       – Others                                                                          10               1,003


                                                                                 15,791,397          23,604,986


      As at 31 December 2020 and 2019, the Group’s cash and cash equivalents includes cash in hand,
      deposits held at call with banks and bank deposits with original maturities of three months or less.


      (a)   As at 31 December 2020 and 2019, the Group’s cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash (Note
            20) and time deposits (Note 19) were deposited in financial institutions without significant credit
            risk. Detail ratings of these financial institutions, as published by Shanghai Purang Financial service
            Co., Ltd, are set out as follows:


                                                                                   As at 31 December
                                                                                      2020           2019
                                                                                   RMB’000        RMB’000


      AAA                                                                        28,264,213          32,213,149
      AA+                                                                           183,192               2,349
      Others and cash on hand                                                        52,668              27,429


                                                                                 28,500,073          32,242,927


      Representing
       – Time deposits                                                           10,624,362           6,959,924
       – Restricted cash                                                          2,084,314           1,678,017
       – Cash and cash equivalents                                               15,791,397          23,604,986


                                                                                 28,500,073          32,242,927

284
                                                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




22. SHARE CAPITAL
                                                                                   Foreign ordinary shares listed
                                                    RMB ordinary shares of          outside mainland China of
                                                         RMB1 each                          RMB1 each                           Total

                                                        Number                           Number                          Number
                                                       of shares   Share capital        of shares    Share capital      of shares       Share capital
                                                    (thousands)       RMB’000        (thousands)        RMB’000      (thousands)           RMB’000


    As at 31 December 2019                           7,139,088       7,139,088        3,098,620         3,098,620    10,237,708          10,237,708


    Employee share option scheme
    – Proceeds from share issued (Note 23)             111,766         111,766                 –                –       111,766             111,766
    Conversion of convertible bonds (Note 26 (g))          223             223                 –                –           223                 223


    As at 31 December 2020                           7,251,077       7,251,077        3,098,620         3,098,620    10,349,697          10,349,697



23. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS
    (a)       Equity-settled share-based payment – the First A Share Options Scheme
              According to the resolution of the extraordinary shareholders’ meeting held on 19 September 2014,
              total 64,348,600 A Share Options (“SO-I”) were granted to 620 individuals, including directors, senior
              management and selected key employees (the “SO-I Recipients”). Each share option represents
              the right granted to the SO-I Recipients to acquire one share of the Company at pre-determined
              exercise price and conditions in the validity period as set out in the First A Share Options Scheme.
              The grant date is 19 September 2014 (the “Grant Date I”).


              Each one third of the SO-I granted to the SO-I Recipients will become exercisable once per year in
              three years starting two years from the Grant Date I, subject to achieving the performance conditions
              as set out in the First A Share Options Scheme. The options have a contractual option term of
              five years starting from the Grant Date I. The Company has no legal or constructive obligation to
              purchase or settle the granted share options in cash.


              The weighted average fair value of SO-I, as estimated at the Grant Date I, was RMB1.836 per share
              option. This was calculated using the Black-Scholes share option pricing model.




                                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020                285
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  23. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
      (a)   Equity-settled share-based payment – the First A Share Options Scheme (Continued)
            The first (the “Batch I SO-I”) and second (the “Batch II SO-I”) one third of the SO-I became
            exercisable on 19 September 2016 and 19 September 2017, respectively. Up to 31 December
            2019, an accumulative total of approximately 36,314,000 units of the Batch I and Batch II SO-I
            were exercised by the SO-I Recipients. As at 31 December 2019, there are no outstanding options
            in Batch I and Batch II SO-I.

            On 19 September 2018, the last one third of SO-I (“Batch IlI SO-I”) became exercisable. Up to 31
            December 2019, an accumulative total of approximately 23,008,000 units of Batch IlI SO-I were
            exercised by the SO-I Recipients. The Company issued approximately 5,210,000 ordinary shares
            accordingly in 2019. As at 31 December 2019, there are no outstanding options in Batch IlI SO-I.


      (b)   Equity-settled share-based payment – the Second A Share Options Scheme
            On 18 December 2017, according to the resolution of the extraordinary shareholders’ meeting,
            total 403,335,400 A Share Options (“SO-II Phase I”) were granted to 2,358 individuals, including
            directors, senior management and selected key employees (the “SO-II Phase I Recipients”). Each
            share option represents the right granted to the recipients to acquire one share of the Company
            at pre-determined exercise price and conditions in the validity period as set out in the Second A
            Share Options Scheme. The grant date is 18 December 2017 (the “Grant Date II”). The weighted
            average fair value SO-II Phase I, as estimated on the Grant Date II, was RMB3.85 per share option.
            This was calculated using the Black-Scholes share option pricing model.


            On 18 May 2018, pursuant to a resolution of the Company’s general meeting of shareholders, 4
            shares were issued for every 10 shares by way of conversion of share premium by the Company.
            Upon completion of the conversion, the Company’s outstanding share options were increased by
            161,335,000 units.


            On 17 December 2018, according to the resolution of the extraordinary shareholders’ meeting, an
            addition of total 62,336,900 A Share Options (“SO-II Phase II”) were granted to 457 employees
            (the “SO-II Phase II Recipients”) under the Second A Share Options Scheme. Each share option
            represents the right granted to the SO-II Phase II Recipients to acquire one share of the Company
            at pre-determined exercise price and conditions in the validity period as set out in the Second A
            Share Options Scheme. The grant date is 17 December 2018 (the “Grant Date III”). The weighted
            average fair value SO-II, as estimated on the Grant Date III, was RMB2.11 per share option. This
            was calculated using the Black-Scholes share option pricing model.




286
                                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




23. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
    (b)   Equity-settled share-based payment – the Second A Share Options Scheme (Continued)
          The exercise price of SO-II Phase I & II will be adjusted when there is transfer from capital surplus to
          paid-in capital, distribution of dividends, share split, allotment of shares and share consolidation etc.


          Each one third of the options granted to the SO-II Phase I Recipients and SO-II Phase II Recipients
          will become exercisable once per year in three years starting two years from 18 December 2017
          and 17 December 2018, respectively, subject to achieving the performance conditions as set out
          in the Second A Share Options Scheme. The options have a contractual option term of six years
          starting from the respective grant date. The Company has no legal or constructive obligation to
          purchase or settle the granted share options in cash.


          Movements in the number of SO-II Phase I outstanding and their related weighted average exercise
          prices are as follows:


                                                                          2020                                       2019

                                                              Average                                    Average
                                                        exercise price           Number of         exercise price              Number of
                                                          in RMB per         share options           in RMB per             share options
                                                         share option          (thousands)          share option              (thousands)


          At 1 January                                            19.55             514,545                 19.88                564,670
          Cancelled – Batch I of SO-Il Phase I
            (Note (i))                                            19.37             (169,258)                    –                     –
          Cancelled- Batch II of SO-Il Phase I
            (Note (ii))                                           19.37             (172,640)                   –                      –
          Forfeited – SO-Il Phase I (Note (iii))                      –                    –                19.55                (50,125)


          At 31 December                                          19.37             172,647                 19.55                514,545


          (i)     On 18 December 2019, the first one third of SO-II Phase I (“Batch I SO-Il Phase I”) became exercisable. As at 31
                  December 2020, no units of Batch I SO-Il Phase I were exercised by the SO-II Recipients. Total 169,257,814 units
                  of Batch I SO-Il Phase I to 2,092 individuals was cancelled due to no exercise within exercisable period.

          (ii)    On 4 December 2020, pursuant to a resolution of the Company’s meeting of directors, as certain performance
                  conditions were not achieved, 172,640,244 units of the second one third of SO-II Phase I (“Batch II SO-Il Phase I”)
                  were cancelled.




                                                                           Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020        287
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  23. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   Equity-settled share-based payment – the Second A Share Options Scheme (Continued)
            (iii)   50,125,000 units of SO-II Phase I was forfeited in 2019 due to resignation or retirement of 282 individuals.


            Movements in the number of SO-II Phase II outstanding and their related weighted average exercise prices are as follows:


                                                                             2020                                 2019

                                                                     Average                               Average
                                                               exercise price        Number of       exercise price         Number of
                                                                 in RMB per      share options         in RMB per        share options
                                                                share option       (thousands)        share option         (thousands)


            At 1 January                                                 10.28            62,337             10.61             62,337
            Exercised – Batch I of SO-Il Phase II
              (Note (iv))                                                10.10            (9,665)                 –                 –
            Forfeited – SO-Il Phase II (Note (v))                        10.10            (8,654)                 –                 –


            At 31 December                                               10.10            44,018             10.28             62,337


            (iv)    On 17 December 2020, the first one third of SO-II Phase II (“Batch I SO-Il Phase II”) became exercisable. As at 31
                    December 2020, 9,665,087 units of Batch I SO-Il Phase II were exercised by the SO-II Recipients. Accordingly,
                    share capital and share premium of the Company increased RMB9,665,000 and RMB87,953,000, respectively. At
                    the same time, the Company derecognised the accumulative employee share option scheme reserve relating to
                    exercised share options of RMB20,393,000 and transferred this amount to share premium.

            (v)     On 4 December 2020, pursuant to a resolution of the Company’s meeting of directors, 8,653,640 units of of SO-II
                    Phase II were forfeited due to resignation or retirement of 70 individuals



      (c)   Equity-settled share-based payment – the Third A Share Options Scheme and Restricted
            Share Incentive Scheme
            According to the resolution of the extraordinary shareholders’ meeting held on 4 December 2020,
            total 102,101,330 A Share Options (“SO-III”) were granted to 2,872 individuals, including directors,
            senior management and selected key employees (the “SO-III Recipients”). The grant date is 4
            December 2020 (the “Grant Date IV”).


            According to the resolution of the extraordinary shareholders’ meeting held on 4 December 2020,
            total 102,101,330 Restricted Shares (“RS”) were granted to 2,872 individuals, including directors,
            senior management and selected key employees (the “RS Recipients”). The grant date is 4 December
            2020 (the “Grant Date IV”).




288
                                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




23. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
    (c)   Equity-settled share-based payment – the Third A Share Options Scheme and Restricted
          Share Incentive Scheme (Continued)

          (i)    The Third A Share Options Scheme
                 Each share option represents the right granted to the SO-III Recipients to acquire one share
                 of the Company at pre-determined exercise price of RMB9.98 and conditions in the validity
                 period as set out in the Third A Share Options Scheme (“SO-III Scheme”). The weighted
                 average fair value of SO-III, as estimated at the Grant Date IV, was RMB4.98 per share option.
                 This was calculated using the Black-Scholes share option pricing model. The significant inputs
                 into the model are listed as follow:

                 Exercise price determined at the Grant Date IV                                                RMB 9.98
                 Expected option life (years)                                                                   3.4 years
                 Share price at Grant Date IV                                                                 RMB 13.29
                 Estimated volatility of the share price                                                       27.3308%
                 Estimated dividend yields                                                                            0%
                 Annual risk-free interest rate during the option life                                          3.0629%


                 The exercise price of SO-III will be adjusted when there is dividend payment, transfer from
                 capital surplus to paid-in capital, distribution of dividends, share split, allotment of shares
                 and share consolidation etc.


                 40%, 30% and 30% of the SO-III granted to the SO-III Recipients will become exercisable
                 once per year in three years starting two years from the Grant Date III, subject to the Group
                 achieving the performance conditions as set out in the SO-III Scheme. The option have a
                 contractual option term of 5 years starting from the grant date. The Company has no legal
                 or constructive obligation to purchase or settle the granted share options in cash.


          (ii)   Restricted Share Incentive Scheme
                 All restricted shares granted are subject to a lock-up period of 24 months commencing from
                 the grant date, followed by an unlocking period of 1 to 3 years (three batches in proportion
                 of 40%, 30% and 30% for each 12 months). During the lock-up period, the RS Recipients
                 shall not possess the right of disposal, such that the shares shall not be transferred, used as
                 collateral or used for debt repayment. After the lock-up period, RS Recipients will be entitled
                 to the related shares provided that all of the required performance conditions are met and
                 the RS Recipients are still in employment with the Company.



                                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   289
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  23. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
      (c)   Equity-settled share-based payment – the Third A Share Options Scheme and Restricted
            Share Incentive Scheme (Continued)

            (ii)   Restricted Share Incentive Scheme (Continued)
                   On 4 December 2020, the Company issued 102,101,330 restricted shares at a price of
                   RMB4.99 and recorded an amount of RMB509,486,000 received from participants, which
                   was included in other payables as equity incentive repurchase obligation of the Company.
                   The weighted average fair value of restricted shares, as estimated at the Grant Date IV, was
                   RMB8.30 per share. On 4 December 2020, as a result of the issuance of new shares, the
                   Company’s share capital (Note 22) and capital reserve increased by RMB102,101,000 and
                   RMB407,385,000, respectively. Accordingly, the Company’s treasury shares increased by
                   RMB509,486,000. In addition, capital reserves increased by RMB26,483,000 due to the costs
                   and expenses recognised during the vesting period of the current year.


      (d)   Total expenses reversed in profit or loss for SO-II Phase I and Phase II in 2020 are RMB237,900,000
            and total expenses recognised in profit or loss for SO-III and RS in 2020 are RMB42,372,000.


            Total expenses recognised in profit or loss for SO-II Phase I and Phase II in 2019 was RMB158,980,000.




290
                                                            24. RESERVES
                                                                                                                                                                             Foreign      Employee                        Statutory
                                                                                                            Share                                   General     FVOCI       currency    share option    Convertible surplus reserve                   Retained
                                                                                                         premium Capital reserve Special reserve    reserve    reserve    translation       scheme          bonds              fund Total reserves     earnings        Total
                                                                                                         RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000    RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000


                                                               As at 1 January 2019                     30,622,548     (9,021,820)       22,714    341,631    268,620           (464)       589,193       240,942       3,817,298      26,880,662    39,490,695    66,371,357


                                                               Profit for the year                               –              –              –          –          –             –               –             –               –              –     6,616,265     6,616,265
                                                               Appropriation to statutory surplus
                                                                 reserve fund (Note (i))                         –              –              –          –          –            –                –             –        923,443         923,443      (923,443)            –
                                                               Dividend declared by the Company                  –              –              –          –          –            –                –             –              –               –    (3,377,880)   (3,377,880)
                                                               Revaluation                                       –              –              –          –      8,974            –                –             –              –           8,974             –         8,974
                                                               Other currency translation differences            –              –              –          –          –        1,151                –             –              –           1,151             –         1,151
                                                               Employee share scheme
                                                                 – Value of employee services                   –               –              –          –          –             –        158,980              –               –        158,980             –      158,980
                                                                 – Proceeds from shares issued             24,401               –              –          –          –             –          (6,834)            –               –         17,567             –       17,567
                                                               Transactions with non-controlling
                                                                 interests                                138,640               –              –          –          –             –               –             –               –        138,640             –      138,640
                                                               Convertible bonds
                                                                 – Conversion of convertible bonds              3              –               –          –          –             –               –             –               –              3             –            3
                                                               Others                                           –          6,378           9,387          –        (10)         (409)              –             –               –         15,346             –       15,346


                                                               As at 31 December 2019                   30,785,592     (9,015,442)       32,101    341,631    277,584           278         741,339       240,942       4,740,741      28,144,766    41,805,637    69,950,403




Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




291
292
      24. RESERVES (Continued)
                                                                                                                                                                    Statutory
                                                                                                                                Foreign Employee                      surplus
                                                       Share     Treasury      Capital      Special    General     FVOCI       currency share option Convertible      reserve       Total      Retained
                                                    premium         stock      reserve      reserve    reserve    reserve    translation    scheme       bonds           fund    reserves      earnings        Total
                                                    RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000    RMB’000    RMB’000       RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000              RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000


          As at 1 January 2020                     30,785,592           –    (9,015,442)     32,101    341,631    277,584          278      741,339      240,942    4,740,741   28,144,766    41,805,637    69,950,403


          Profit for the year                               –           –             –           –          –          –             –            –           –            –            –     5,964,055     5,964,055
          Appropriation to statutory surplus
            reserve fund (Note (i))                         –           –             –           –          –          –             –            –           –     757,660      757,660       (757,660)            –
          Appropriation to general reserve fund
            (Note (ii))                                     –           –             –           –     72,167          –             –            –           –            –      72,167        (72,167)            –
          Dividend declared by the Company                  –           –             –           –          –          –             –            –           –            –           –     (1,842,794)   (1,842,794)
          Revaluation                                       –           –             –           –          –    133,153             –            –           –            –     133,153              –       133,153
          Other currency translation differences            –           –             –           –          –          –        (5,128)           –           –            –      (5,128)             –        (5,128)
          Employee share scheme (Note 23)
            – Value of employee services                   –            –             –           –          –          –             –     (195,528)          –            –     (195,528)            –      (195,528)
            – Proceeds from shares issued            515,731     (509,486)            –           –          –          –             –      (20,393)          –            –      (14,148)            –       (14,148)
          Transactions with non- controlling
            interests (Note 40)                        (4,441)          –             –           –          –          –             –            –           –            –       (4,441)            –        (4,441)
          Convertible bonds (Note 26(g))
            – Conversion of convertible bonds           3,257           –            –            –          –          –            –             –        (300)           –       2,957              –        2,957
          Others                                            –           –       26,974        9,496          –        (22)         357             –           –            –      36,805              –       36,805


          As at 31 December 2020                   31,300,139    (509,486)   (8,988,468)     41,597    413,798    410,715        (4,493)    525,418      240,642    5,498,401   28,928,263    45,097,071    74,025,334


          (i)         In accordance with the relevant rules and regulations in the PRC, except for Sino-foreign equity joint ventures, all PRC companies are required to transfer
                      10% of their profit after taxation calculated under PRC accounting rules and regulations to the statutory surplus reserve fund, until the accumulated
                      total of the fund reaches 50% of their registered capital. The statutory surplus reserve fund can only be used, upon approval by the relevant authority,
                      to offset previous years’ losses or to increase the capital of respective companies.


          (ii)        Pursuant to Caijin [2012] No. 20 Measures on General Provision for Financial Institutions, a subsidiary of the Group that is a financial institution sets
                      up the general reserve fund to cover the potential loss related to risk assets.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                          NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




25. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
                                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                                                     2020           2019
                                                                                  RMB’000        RMB’000


    Trade payables (Note (a))                                                   11,802,325               12,142,923
    Customer deposits (Note (c))                                                 7,770,011                8,596,263
    Employee benefits payable                                                    2,496,891                2,179,518
    Sales rebate                                                                 1,912,505                1,548,213
    Development cost payables                                                    1,249,696                  825,802
    Payable for mould expenses                                                   1,102,770                1,451,364
    Notes payable                                                                1,077,554                1,122,303
    Unearned premium reserve                                                     1,026,241                  825,680
    Other taxes (Note (b))                                                         675,776                  417,427
    Treasury stock payable (Notes 23 and 24)                                       509,486                        –
    Construction cost payables                                                     466,383                  718,208
    Advertising expense payables                                                   299,275                  659,699
    Deposit payables                                                               232,876                  178,609
    Government grants                                                              158,636                  189,534
    Assets sold under agreements to repurchase                                     102,092                  252,235
    Other payables                                                               3,619,807                2,771,565


                                                                                34,502,324               33,879,343

    Less: non-current portion of trade and other payables                          (530,786)                (262,876)


    Current portion                                                             33,971,538               33,616,467




                                                            Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   293
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  25. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES (Continued)
      (a)   As at 31 December 2020 and 2019, ageing analysis of trade payables is presented on the basis of the date of the relevant
            invoices as follows:


                                                                                                    As at 31 December
                                                                                                       2020              2019
                                                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000


            Within 1 year                                                                         11,377,420              11,749,823
            Between 1 and 2 years                                                                    351,351                 318,534
            Between 2 and 3 years                                                                     32,536                  39,981
            Over 3 years                                                                              41,018                  34,585


                                                                                                  11,802,325              12,142,923


      (b)   Balances of other taxes include value-added tax payables, consumption tax payables and other taxes payable.

      (c)   The balance represents deposits mainly placed by customers to a subsidiary of the Group in relation to its provision of
            financing service. The interest rate as at 31 December 2020 is adjusted to the prevailing savings interest rate published by
            the PBOC.

      (d)   The carrying amounts of the Group’s trade and other payables are denominated in the following currencies:


                                                                                                    As at 31 December
                                                                                                       2020              2019
                                                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000


            RMB                                                                                   34,460,213              33,860,335
            HKD                                                                                       38,920                  19,008
            USD                                                                                        3,191                       –


                                                                                                  34,502,324              33,879,343




294
                                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




26. BORROWINGS
                                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                                                     2020           2019
                                                                                  RMB’000        RMB’000


   Non-current
   Borrowings from banks and other financial institutions
    – secured (Note (a))                                                           578,106                  416,419
    – unsecured                                                                  2,300,777                1,437,159


                                                                                 2,878,883                1,853,578


   Convertible bonds (Note (h))                                                  2,602,981                2,550,677
   Corporate bonds – guaranteed (Notes (i))                                      2,991,309                2,987,685
   Debentures – unsecured (Note (k))                                                     –                  299,682


   Total non-current borrowings                                                  8,473,173                7,691,622


   Current
   Borrowings from banks and other financial institutions
    – secured (Note (a))                                                         1,869,373                  945,779
    – unsecured                                                                  3,713,302                2,201,033


                                                                                 5,582,675                3,146,812


   Corporate bonds – guaranteed (Notes (j))                                               –               2,245,284
   Debentures – unsecured (Note (k))                                                299,847                 306,979
   Entrusted loans from related parties – unsecured                                  70,000                  70,000
   Short-term debentures – unsecured (Notes (l))                                    399,980                 399,854
   Interest payables                                                                151,709                       –


   Total current borrowings                                                      6,504,211                6,168,929


   Total borrowings                                                             14,977,384               13,860,551




                                                            Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   295
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  26. BORROWINGS (Continued)
      (a)   As at 31 December 2020, the Group’s borrowings were secured by the Group’s certain property, plant and equipment,
            restricted cash, inventories, trade receivables and long-term receivables.

      (b)   The exposure of the Group’s borrowings to interest rate changes and the contractual repricing dates at the balance sheet
            dates are as follows:


                                                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                                                                     2020              2019
                                                                                                  RMB’000           RMB’000


            Within 1 year                                                                       11,559,762                 9,701,827
            Between 1 and 5 years                                                                3,417,622                 4,158,724


                                                                                                14,977,384                13,860,551


      (c)   The maturities of the Group’s total borrowings at respective balance sheet dates are set out as follows:


                                                                As at 31 December                        As at 31 December
                                                                       2020                                     2019
                                                                   Bank
                                                             borrowings           Others        Bank borrowings                Others
                                                               RMB’000         RMB’000                RMB’000                RMB’000


            Within 1 year                                      5,582,675             921,536           3,216,812            2,952,117
            Between 1 and 2 years                              1,941,979           2,602,981           1,305,165              299,682
            Between 2 and 5 years                                932,454           2,991,309             548,413            5,538,362
            Over 5 years                                           4,450                   –                   –                    –


                                                               8,461,558           6,515,826           5,070,390            8,790,161


      (d)   The carrying amounts of the Group’s borrowings are all denominated in RMB.

      (e)   The weighted average effective interest rates at the respective balance sheet dates are set out as follows:


                                                                                                    As at 31 December
                                                                                                       2020                     2019


            Borrowings from banks and other financial institutions                                    4.35%                    5.13%
            Corporate bonds                                                                           5.23%                    5.12%
            Debentures                                                                                4.56%                    4.84%
            Convertible bonds                                                                         2.98%                    2.98%
            Entrusted loans                                                                           2.25%                    2.25%
            Short-term debentures                                                                     2.16%                    3.25%




296
                                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




26. BORROWINGS (Continued)
    (f)   As at 31 December 2020, the fair value of the non-current borrowings is RMB8,526,269,000 (2019: RMB7,906,630,000).
          The fair values of the Group’s current borrowings approximate to their carrying amounts.

    (g)   The Group has complied with the financial covenants of its borrowing facilities during the years ended 31 December 2020
          and 2019.

    (h)   Convertible bonds


          On 22 January 2016, the Group issued 41,055,800 units of convertible bonds at a total par value of RMB4,105,580,000,
          with an interest rate of 0.20% in the first year, 0.50% in the second year, 1.00% in the third year, 1.50% in the fourth
          year, 1.50% in the fifth year and 1.60% in the sixth year. The bonds mature six years from the issue date at their par
          value of RMB4,105,580,000 or can be converted into shares at the holder’s option. At the time of issuance, after netting
          of transaction cost of RMB44,546,000 (transaction cost was allocated proportionally to liability component and equity
          component of convertible bonds), the Company determined the value of the liability component (RMB3,672,418,000) and
          the equity component (RMB387,578,000). The fair value of the liability component of convertible bonds included in non-
          current borrowings was calculated using a market interest rate for equivalent non-convertible bonds. The liability component
          is subsequently stated at amortised cost until the bonds are converted to shares or the maturity of the bonds. The residual
          amount, representing the value of the equity component, is included in other reserves of shareholders’ equity.

          The conversion price of convertible bonds will be adjusted upon occurrence of issuance of bonus shares, transfer of
          reserve to share capital, issuance of new shares (excluding issue of new shares upon conversion of convertible bonds),
          share allotment and distribution of cash dividends. As at 31 December 2020, the conversion price has been adjusted to
          RMB14.23 per share (2019: RMB14.41 per share).

          The convertible bonds recognised in the consolidated balance sheet is calculated as follows:


                                                                                                                            RMB’000


          Liability component at 1 January 2019                                                                            2,496,398
          Conversion of convertible bonds                                                                                           (4)
          Interest expense                                                                                                     91,832
          Interest included in trade and other payables                                                                       (37,549)


          Liability component at 31 December 2019                                                                          2,550,677


          Liability component at 1 January 2020                                                                            2,550,677
          Conversion of convertible bonds                                                                                     (3,180)
          Interest expense                                                                                                    93,733
          Interest payables                                                                                                  (38,249)


          Liability component at 31 December 2020                                                                          2,602,981


          In 2020, certain convertible bond holders partially converted the convertible bonds in the principal amount of RMB3,180,000
          into shares of the Company. The Company allotted and issued a total of 222,859 shares to such convertible bond holders
          at a conversion price from RMB14.23 to RMB14.41 per share. Upon the conversion, the Company derecognised the liability
          component of RMB3,180,000 and transferred this amount with equity component (convertible bonds reserve) into share
          capital and share premium.



                                                                          Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020       297
        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  26. BORROWINGS (Continued)
      (i)   In March 2013, the Company issued ten-year period corporate bonds with par value of RMB3,000,000,000 at the weighted
            average effective interest rate of 5.23% per annum. The related interest is payable on an annual basis. These corporate
            bonds will be fully redeemed at par in March 2023, and are with a full-amount, unconditional, irrevocable and jointly-liability
            guarantee by GAIG.

      (j)   In January 2015, the Company issued five-year period corporate bonds with par value of RMB2,000,000,000 at the weighted
            average effective interest rate of 4.95% per annum. The related interest is payable on an annual basis. These corporate
            bonds have been fully redeemed at par in January 2020.

      (k)   In November 2018, the Company issued debentures with principals of RMB300,000,000 at the weighted average effective
            interest rate of 4.56%. The related interest is payable on an annual basis. These debentures will be fully redeemed at
            par on 23 November 2021. The net proceeds of these debentures, after deducting the transaction costs, amounted to
            RMB299,508,000.

      (l)   In May 2020, GAC Business issued 270-days period debentures with principals of RMB400,000,000 at the effective interest
            rate of 2.16% per annum. These debentures will be fully redeemed at par on 19 February 2021. The net proceeds of these
            short-term debentures, after deducting the transaction costs, amounted to RMB399,910,000.




  27. PROVISIONS
                                                                                                    As at 31 December
                                                                                                       2020           2019
                                                                                                    RMB’000        RMB’000


      Non-current
      Warranty provisions (Note (i))                                                                 595,514                1,013,136
      Other provisions                                                                                 7,065                    1,640


      Total non-current provisions                                                                   602,579                1,014,776


      Current
      Warranty provisions (Note (i))                                                                 262,467                           –


      Total provisions                                                                               865,046                1,014,776

      (i)   Provision for product warranties granted by the Group for certain products is recognised based on sales volume and past
            experience of the level of repairs and returns, discounted to their present value as appropriate.




298
                                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




28. GOVERNMENT GRANTS
                                                                    Year ended 31 December
                                                                          2020           2019
                                                                      RMB’000         RMB’000


   Beginning of the year                                               2,795,975                3,262,220
   Increase in grant                                                     245,133                  192,744
   Amount recognised in profit or loss                                  (485,283)                (658,989)


   End of the year                                                     2,555,825                2,795,975




                                                  Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   299
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  29. PROFIT BEFORE INCOME TAX
      The Group’s profit before income tax is arrived at after charging/(crediting):


                                                                               Year ended 31 December
                                                                                     2020           2019
                                                                                 RMB’000         RMB’000


       Raw materials and consumables used                                       42,138,654      44,234,629
       Changes in inventories of finished goods, merchandise and
         work-in-progress                                                         1,029,736       (324,987)
       Depreciation and amortisation (Notes 7, 8, 9 and 10)                       5,110,394      4,283,666
       Impairment charges of property, plant and equipment (Note 7)                   5,609         81,998
       Impairment charges of intangible assets (Note 10)                            662,164        443,217
       Impairment charges of inventories                                             47,938         30,183
       Taxes and levies                                                           1,363,862      1,355,523
       Transportation and traveling expenses                                      1,830,886      2,258,261
       Advertising costs                                                          1,867,465      2,231,640
       Warranty expenses                                                            517,614      1,130,113
       Amortisation of government grants (Note 28)                                 (485,283)      (658,989)
       Operating lease expenses (Note 8(b))                                          16,706         29,006
       Auditors’ remuneration
       —Audit service                                                                  12,436      11,485
       —Non-audit service                                                               7,407       7,586


      For the Year ended 31 December 2020, the Group recognised research and development expenditure of
      RMB3,074,504,000 (2019: RMB2,706,419,000) as cost of sales and administrative expenses in the profit
      or loss, including current year expensed research costs of RMB887,635,000 (2019: RMB959,362,000) and
      amortisation of capitalised development costs of RMB2,186,869,000 (2019: RMB1,747,057,000) (Note 10).


      For the information of employee benefit expenses, please refer to Note 30.




300
                                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




30. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES

                                                                                           Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                 2020           2019
                                                                                             RMB’000         RMB’000


      Wages and salaries                                                                      6,674,332                6,284,753
      Defined benefits and other social security costs (Note (a))                               744,115                  963,993
      (Reversal)/recognition of share-based compensation expenses
        for SO-II (Notes 23)                                                                    (237,900)                 158,980
      Share-based compensation recognised for the Third A Share
        Options Scheme and Restricted Shares Incentive Scheme
        (Notes 23)                                                                                42,372                        –
      Housing benefits (Note (b))                                                                521,697                  471,609
      Welfare, medical and other expenses                                                        536,111                  636,038


                                                                                              8,280,727                8,515,373


    (a)   The Group’s employees in the PRC are covered by certain defined contribution pension schemes regulated by the relevant
          municipal and provincial governments in the PRC, pursuant to which the municipal and provincial governments undertake
          to assume the retirement benefit obligations payable to all existing and retired employees. The contributions to the scheme
          are expensed as incurred.

          The Group operates defined benefit pension plan and post-employment medical plans for certain employees. Expenses are
          recognised when employees have rendered services entitling them to the contribution. During the year ended 31 December
          2020, a provision of RMB83,840,000 was recognised related to defined benefit pension plan and post-employment medical
          plans.




                                                                         Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   301
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  30. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES (Continued)
      (a)   The significant actuarial assumptions for the defined benefit pension plan and post-employment medical plans were as
            follows:

            Discount rate                                                                                                     3.25%
            Growth rate of post-employment medical plan                                                                         2.0%
            Growth rate of pension                                                                                              4.0%
            Death rate                                                                                       China life Insurance life
                                                                                                             expectancy(2010-2013)

      (b)   The Group’s contributions to the defined contribution housing fund scheme administered by a government agency are
            determined at a certain percentage of the salaries of the employees. The contributions to the scheme are expensed as
            incurred.

      (c)   Five highest paid individuals

            The five individuals whose emoluments were the highest in the Group for the year ended 31 December 2020 include 2
            directors and supervisors (2019: 5 directors and supervisors) whose emoluments are reflected in the analysis presented in
            Note 43. The emoluments to the remaining 3 (2019: Nil) individuals during the year are as follows:

                                                                                                                      Year ended
                                                                                                                    31 December
                                                                                                                            2020
                                                                                                                        RMB’000


            Basic salaries, housing fund and other allowances                                                                 3,327
            Employer’s contributions to a retirement benefit scheme                                                             226
            Discretionary Bonuses                                                                                             2,521


                                                                                                                              6,074




302
                                                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




30. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES (Continued)
    (c)    Five highest paid individuals (Continued)

           The number of non-directors/non-supervisors, highest paid employees whose remuneration fell within the following bands
           are as follows:


                                                                                                                       Number of
                                                                                                                       employees
                                                                                                                            2020


           RMB2,000,001 – 2,500,000                                                                                                 3



31. OTHER GAINS – NET

                                                                                          Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                2020           2019
                                                                                            RMB’000         RMB’000


      Net foreign exchange (losses)/gains                                                        (14,037)                  40,071
      (Losses)/gains on disposal of property, plant and equipment
        and intangible assets                                                                   (48,176)                   8,895
      Donations                                                                                 (29,579)                 (14,127)
      Gains on disposals of joint ventures and associates                                         7,403                   22,493
      Government grants                                                                         796,041               2,239,317
      Net investment income related to investment in financial assets                           319,380                 191,875
      Net fair value gains on financial assets at fair value through
        profit or loss                                                                          292,692                    95,354
      Others                                                                                     55,966                    36,462


                                                                                             1,379,690                2,620,340




                                                                        Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020       303
      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  32. INTEREST INCOME

                                                                Year ended 31 December
                                                                      2020           2019
                                                                  RMB’000         RMB’000


       Interest income from time deposits                          291,210        278,549
       Interest income from restricted cash and cash and cash
         equivalents                                               127,551        171,565
       Interest income from entrusted loans                         13,023         12,145


                                                                   431,784        462,259



  33. FINANCE COSTS

                                                                Year ended 31 December
                                                                      2020           2019
                                                                  RMB’000         RMB’000


       Interest expense                                            440,559        521,299
       Interest expense on lease liabilities                        76,154          59,503
       Interest capitalised in qualifying assets                   (77,146)        (64,321)


                                                                   439,567        516,481




304
                                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




34. INCOME TAX CREDIT

                                                                                  Year ended 31 December
                                                                                        2020           2019
                                                                                    RMB’000         RMB’000


     Current income tax                                                                 107,405                  203,893
     Deferred tax (Note 13)                                                            (463,395)                (621,079)


                                                                                       (355,990)                (417,186)


    The tax on the Group’s profit before tax differs from the theoretical amount that would arise using the
    average tax rate applicable to profits of the consolidated entities as follows:


                                                                                  Year ended 31 December
                                                                                        2020           2019
                                                                                    RMB’000         RMB’000


     Profit before income tax                                                        5,691,961                6,291,671


     Notional tax on profit before income tax, calculaed at the rates
       applicable to profits in the tax jurisdictions concerned (Note(i))            1,512,261                 1,801,795
     Share of profit of joint ventures and associates                               (2,383,145)               (2,342,764)
     Fair value gains on financial assets at fair value through profit or
       loss                                                                              (32,757)                  (7,232)
     Expenses not deductible for corporate income tax                                     66,061                  38,588
     Utilisation of previously unrecognised tax losses                                   (21,899)               (274,478)
     Unused tax losses and deductible temporary differences for
       which no deferred tax asset was recognised                                       585,871                  431,765
     Super deduction of research and development expenses                               (82,382)                  (64,860)


     Income tax credit                                                                 (355,990)                (417,186)




                                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020    305
        NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  34. INCOME TAX CREDIT (Continued)
      (i)       The tax rates applicable to the Company and its major subsidiaries for the Year ended 31 December 2020 are 15% or 25%
                (2019: 15% or 25%).

                Certain subsidiaries are subject to Hong Kong profits tax, which has been provided at the rate of 16.5% (2019: 16.5%) on
                the estimated assessable profits for the Year ended 31 December 2020.

                The Group’s subsidiaries, China Lounge Investment Ltd. and Denway, are recognised as PRC resident taxpayer by Guangzhou
                Yuexiu District Local Taxation Bureau, and are subject to the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law.




  35. OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME, NET OF TAX

                                                                                               Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                     2020           2019
                                                                                                 RMB’000         RMB’000


            Change in fair value of FVOCI                                                            133,153                   8,974
            Exchange difference on translation of foreign operations                                  (5,128)                  1,151
            Share of other comprehensive income/(loss) of joint ventures
             and associates accounted for using the equity method                                         335                   (419)


                                                                                                     128,360                   9,706



  36. EARNINGS PER SHARE
      (a)       Basic
                Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the consolidated profit attributable to owners of
                the Company by the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the year.

                                                                                               Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                     2020           2019
                                                                                                 RMB’000         RMB’000


                  Profit attributable to owners of the Company                                    5,964,055              6,616,265
                  Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue
                    (thousands)                                                                  10,238,230             10,235,610


                  Basic earnings per share (RMB per share)                                               0.58                   0.65


306
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




36. EARNINGS PER SHARE (Continued)
    (b)   Diluted
          Diluted earnings per share is calculated by adjusting the weighted average number of ordinary shares
          outstanding to assume conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares. The Company had two
          categories of dilutive potential ordinary shares: convertible bonds and share options. The convertible
          bonds are assumed to have been converted into ordinary shares, and the net profit is adjusted to
          eliminate the interest expense. For the share options, a calculation is done to determine the number
          of shares that could have been acquired at fair value (determined as the average market share price
          of the Company’s shares for the year ended 31 December 2020) based on the monetary value of
          the subscription rights attached to outstanding share options. The number of shares calculated
          as above is compared with the number of shares that would have been outstanding assuming the
          exercise of the share options.


                                                                                Year ended 31 December
                                                                                      2020           2019
                                                                                  RMB’000         RMB’000


           Profit attributable to owners of the Company                            5,964,055                6,616,265
           Add: Interest expense on convertible bonds                                 93,733                   91,832


           Profit used to determine diluted earnings per share                     6,057,788                6,708,097


           Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue
            (thousands)                                                           10,238,230               10,235,610
           Add: weighted average number of ordinary shares
                 assuming conversion of all share options
                 (thousands)                                                             2,084                    2,612
           Add: weighted average number of ordinary shares
                  assuming conversion of all convertible bonds
                  (thousands)                                                         179,238                  177,118


           Weighted average number of ordinary shares for diluted
            earnings per share (thousands)                                        10,419,552               10,415,340


           Diluted earnings per share (RMB per share)                                      0.58                     0.64



                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020    307
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  37. DIVIDENDS

                                                                           Year ended 31 December
                                                                                 2020           2019
                                                                             RMB’000         RMB’000


       Interim dividend paid of RMB0.03 (2019: RMB0.05) per ordinary
         share                                                                  307,138           511,885
       Proposed final dividend of RMB0.15 (2019: RMB0.15) per
         ordinary share                                                       1,552,649         1,535,656


                                                                              1,859,787         2,047,541


      Dividends paid in 2020 and 2019 were RMB1,842,794,000 and RMB3,377,880,000, respectively. A final
      dividend in respect of the year ended 31 December 2020 of RMB0.15 per ordinary share, amounting to
      a total dividend of approximately RMB1,552,649,000 is to be proposed at the forthcoming annual general
      meeting. These financial statements do not reflect this dividend payable.




308
                                                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




38. CASH FLOWS INFORMATION
    (a)   Cash generated from operations
                                                                                            Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                  2020             2019
                                                                                              RMB’000           RMB’000


           Profit for the year                                                                6,047,951                6,708,857
           Adjustments for:
             – Income tax credit (Note 34)                                                     (355,990)                (417,186)
             – Depreciation (Notes 7, 8 and 9)                                                2,743,793                2,390,301
             – Amortisation (Notes 10)                                                        2,366,601                1,893,365
             – Amortisation of government grants related to assets (Note 28)                   (485,283)                (658,989)
             – Impairment provision                                                             770,821                  609,229
             – Losses/(gains) on disposal of property, plant and equipment
                   and intangible assets (Note 31)                                                48,176                     (8,895)
             – Interest income (Note 32)                                                        (431,784)                (462,259)
             – Finance costs (Note 33)                                                           439,567                  516,481
             – Gains on disposals of joint ventures and associates (Note 31)                      (7,403)                  (22,493)
             – Foreign exchange losses/(gains) on cash and cash equivalents                       26,558                   (26,152)
             – Share of profit of joint ventures and associates (Note 11)                     (9,570,978)              (9,399,343)
             – Net investment income relating to financial assets (Note 31)                     (319,380)                (191,875)
             – Fair value gains on financial assets at fair value through profit
                   or loss (Note 31)                                                            (292,692)                 (95,354)


           Changes in working capital (excluding the effects of exchange
             differences on consolidation):
             – Inventories                                                                       255,076                 (295,308)
             – Trade and other receivables                                                    (3,054,820)              (1,223,579)
             – Restricted cash                                                                  (406,297)               1,527,622
             – Trade and other payables                                                         (445,702)              (2,295,681)
             – Contract liabilities                                                              (35,898)                 193,061
             – Provisions                                                                       (149,730)                 340,220
             – Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                             (27,010)              (1,199,583)
             – Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive
                  income                                                                        (303,741)                          –


           Cash used in operations                                                            (3,188,165)              (2,117,561)

                                                                       Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020       309
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  38. CASH FLOWS INFORMATION (Continued)
      (b)   Non-cash transaction
            Non-cash transaction of acquisition of right-of-use assets is disclosed in Note 8.


      (c)   Reconciliation of liabilities
            The reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities is as follows:


                                                                             Liabilities from financing activities
                                                                                  Trade and
                                                                            other payables-
                                                                                       assets
                                               Borrowings                         sold under         Trade and
                                                due within Borrowings due agreements to other payables-                  Leases
                                                    1 year     after 1 year      repurchase other payables            liabilities       Total
                                                 RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000


             As at 1 January 2020               (6,168,929)       (7,691,622)         (252,235)        (104,759)     (1,408,643)    (15,626,188)
             Financing cash flows                2,627,205        (3,125,209)          150,143          (24,259)        238,952        (133,168)
             Others                               (258,596)                –                 –                –          76,154        (182,442)
             Reclassification                   (2,400,089)        2,400,089                 –                –               –               –
             Non-cash changes:
                -Interest charge                  (303,802)          (59,611)                –                 –        (76,154)      (439,567)
                -Conversion of convertible
                   bonds                                 –             3,180                 –                 –               –          3,180
                -Acquisition of right-of-use
                   assets                                –                 –                 –                 –      (343,047)       (343,047)
                -Disposals of right-of-use
                   assets                                –                 –                 –                 –            197            197


             As at 31 December 2020             (6,504,211)       (8,473,173)         (102,092)        (129,018)     (1,512,541)    (16,721,035)




310
                                                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




38. CASH FLOWS INFORMATION (Continued)
    (c)   Reconciliation of liabilities (Continued)
          The reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities is as follows: (Continued)


                                                                                Liabilities from financing activities
                                                                              Trade and other
                                                                             payables- assets
                                              Borrowings                            sold under Trade and other
                                             due within 1   Borrowings due agreements to payables-other
                                                     year       after 1 year       repurchase              payables     Leases liabilities        Total
                                               RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000              RMB’000             RMB’000          RMB’000


           As at 1 January 2019               (3,122,586)        (9,611,461)           (378,955)           (119,964)           (361,120)     (13,594,086)
           Financing cash flows                  670,481         (1,643,264)            126,720              15,205             194,192         (636,666)
           Others                                362,756                  –                   –                   –                   –          362,756
           Reclassification                   (3,620,981)         3,620,981                   –                   –                   –                –
           Non-cash changes:
              -Interest charge                  (458,599)           (57,882)                   –                   –                    –       (516,481)
              -Conversion of convertible
                 bonds                                 –                   4                   –                   –                    –              4
              -Acquisition of right-of-use
                 assets                                –                   –                   –                   –         (1,241,715)      (1,241,715)


           As at 31 December 2019             (6,168,929)        (7,691,622)           (252,235)           (104,759)         (1,408,643)     (15,626,188)




                                                                                    Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020               311
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  39. COMMITMENTS
      (a)   Capital commitments
            The capital commitments as at each of the balance sheet dates during the year are as follows:


                                                                                                   As at 31 December
                                                                                                      2020           2019
                                                                                                   RMB’000        RMB’000


                  Property, plant and equipment
                    – Contracted but not provided for                                              1,872,340              1,054,365
                    – Authorised but not contracted for                                              660,650              1,233,384


                                                                                                   2,532,990              2,287,749


                  Intangible assets
                    – Contracted but not provided for                                                 10,313                 12,880
                    – Authorised but not contracted for                                            2,219,433              2,754,435


                                                                                                   2,229,746              2,767,315


                  Investments
                    – Authorised but not provided for (Notes (i), (ii) and (iii))                  1,107,075              1,402,920


                                                                                                   5,869,811              6,457,984


            (i)        In 2016, the Board of Directors of the Company approved an additional capital contribution of RMB360,000,000 to
                       GAC FCA, according to the proportion of shares. Up to 31 December 2020, none of the amount has been paid.

            (ii)       In 2017, the Board of Directors of the Company approved an additional capital contribution to GAC Mitsubishi, with
                       an amount of RMB79,470,000 and RMB266,605,000, respectively, according to the proportion of shares. Up to 31
                       December 2020, none of the amount has been paid.

            (iii)      In 2019, the Board of Directors of the Company approved an additional capital contribution to GAC Toyota with an
                       amount of USD37,855,000 (equivalent to RMB260,890,000) and USD20,330,000 (equivalent to RMB140,110,000),
                       respectively, according to the proportion of shares. Up to 31 December 2020, none of the amount has been paid.




312
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




39. COMMITMENTS (Continued)
    (b)   Non-cancellable operating leases
          The investment properties and certain property, plant and equipment are leased to tenants under
          operating leases with rentals payable monthly. For details of the leasing arrangements of investment
          properties, refer to Note 9.


                                                                                   As at 31 December
                                                                                      2020           2019
                                                                                   RMB’000        RMB’000


           Minimum lease payments receivable on leases of
             investment properties and certain property, plant and
             equipment are as follows:
           Within 1 year                                                             267,907                  240,182
           Between 1 and 2 years                                                     224,473                  194,715
           Between 2 and 3 years                                                     196,717                   23,196
           Between 3 and 4 years                                                     178,594                   13,595
           Between 4 and 5 years                                                       3,684                    7,491
           Later than 5 years                                                          1,365                        6


                                                                                     872,740                  479,185


          The Group leases various properties, vehicles, offices and other equipment under non-cancellable
          operating leases expiring within 6 months to 20 years. The leases have varying terms and renewal
          rights. On renewal, the terms of the leases are renegotiated.


          From 1 January 2019, the Group has recognised right-of-use assets for these leases, except for
          short-term and low-value leases, see Note 6 and Note 8 for further information.




                                                             Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   313
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  39. COMMITMENTS (Continued)
      (b)   Non-cancellable operating leases (Continued)
            As at 31 December 2020, the Group’s future aggregate minimum lease payments of leases not
            yet commended to which the Group is committed are listed as follows:


                                                                                                      As at
                                                                                               31 December
                                                                                                      2020
                                                                                                   RMB’000


             Within 1 year                                                                              1,143
             Between 1 and 5 years                                                                      5,174
             Over 5 years                                                                                 463


                                                                                                        6,780



  40. TRANSACTIONS WITH NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS
      During the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group acquired additional equity interests of a non-wholly
      owned subsidiary, Chengdu Changyuan Automotive Selling Corporation (“Chengdu Changyuan”), from
      a third party investor at a consideration of RMB19,575,000. Immediately after the equity acquisition,
      the Group’s equity interests in Chengdu Changyuan increased from 55% to 100%. Taking into account
      the effect of the transaction, the Group recognised a decrease of RMB4,441,000 in share premium and
      RMB15,134,000 in non-controlling interests.


      During the year ended 31 December 2019, the Group and a third party investor subscribed for additional
      shares issued by a non-wholly owned subsidiary, Urtrust Insurance, at considerations of RMB636,300,000
      and RMB916,575,000, respectively. Immediately after the share subscription, the Group’s equity interest
      in Urtrust Insurance decreased from 60% to 53.55%. In addition, the Company disposed of its directly
      held equity interest of 50.2% in another non-wholly owned subsidiary, Guangai Insurance Brokers Ltd.,
      to Urtrust Insurance. After taking into account the effect of these two transactions, the Group recognised
      an increase of RMB138,640,000 in other reserves attributable to owners of the Company and a decrease
      of RMB138,640,000 in non-controlling interests.




314
                                                   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




41. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
    Related parties are those parties that have the ability to control the other party or exercise significant
    influence in making financial and operating decisions. Parties are also considered to be related if they are
    subject to common control. The Group is subject to the control of the PRC Government.


    In accordance with HKAS 24 “Related Party Disclosures”, other state-owned enterprises and their
    subsidiaries, directly or indirectly controlled by the PRC Government (“state-owned enterprises”) are
    regarded as related parties of the Group.


    In addition to the related party information shown elsewhere in the consolidated financial statements,
    the following is a summary of significant related party transactions entered into in the ordinary and usual
    course of business and balances between the Group and its related parties, during the year.


    These transactions were conducted in the ordinary and usual course of business in accordance with
    terms agreed between the Group and its related parties.




                                                               Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   315
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  41. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
      (a)   Significant related party transactions


                                                     Year ended 31 December
                                                           2020           2019
                                                       RMB’000         RMB’000


             Sales of goods


             Sales of automotive parts and steels
             – Joint ventures                         2,867,907      2,618,828
             – Associates                               118,338         65,141
             – Subsidiaries of GAIG                         303              –


                                                      2,986,548      2,683,969


             Sales of passenger vehicles
             – Joint ventures                           283,318        135,725
             – Associates                                11,594            297
             – Subsidiaries of GAIG                           –            441


                                                        294,912        136,463


             Sales of production facility
             – Joint ventures                                 –         69,351


                                                      3,281,460      2,889,783


             Loan interest from related parties
             – Joint ventures                           158,935         42,114
             – Associates                                 1,684          2,015


                                                        160,619         44,129




316
                                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




41. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
    (a)   Significant related party transactions (Continued)


                                                                          Year ended 31 December
                                                                                2020           2019
                                                                            RMB’000         RMB’000


           Rendering of labour and insurance services
           – Joint ventures                                                  1,022,758                1,354,737
           – Associates                                                        670,638                  560,401
           – GAIG                                                                   90                       99
           – Subsidiaries of GAIG                                                  365                      354


                                                                             1,693,851                1,915,591


           Income of trustee management of equity assets
           – GAIG (Note (i))                                                      23,809                   22,250


           Purchases of goods


           Purchases of automotive parts and materials
           – Joint ventures                                                     754,712               1,199,353
           – Associates                                                         974,269                 689,999
           – GAIG                                                                     –                       3


                                                                             1,728,981                1,889,355


           Purchases of passenger vehicles
           – Joint ventures                                                 10,538,066                9,077,429
           – Associates                                                          3,605                        –


                                                                            10,541,671                9,077,429


                                                                            12,270,652               10,966,784



                                                        Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   317
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  41. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
      (a)   Significant related party transactions (Continued)


                                                                 Year ended 31 December
                                                                       2020           2019
                                                                   RMB’000         RMB’000


             Interest on customer deposits
             – Joint ventures                                       106,481        107,343
             – Associates                                            16,226         14,712


                                                                    122,707        122,055


             Purchases of labour services and settlement of
               insurance claims
             – Joint ventures                                        43,572         52,860
             – Associates                                            41,628         85,798
             – Subsidiaries of GAIG                                  47,359         52,373


                                                                    132,559        191,031


             Provision of entrusted loans to related parties
             – Joint ventures                                      1,008,294       240,000
             – Associates                                              7,350             –


                                                                   1,015,644       240,000


             Rental from related parties
             – Joint ventures                                       257,509        237,735
             – Associates                                               807            660
             – Subsidiaries of GAIG                                  12,095         15,082


                                                                    270,411        253,477




318
                                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




41. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
    (a)   Significant related party transactions (Continued)


                                                                             Year ended 31 December
                                                                                   2020           2019
                                                                               RMB’000         RMB’000


           Interest charges for lease liabilities to related
             parties
           – Joint ventures                                                              614                     844
           – GAIG                                                                        843                   1,236
           – Subsidiaries of GAIG                                                        510                     617


                                                                                      1,967                    2,697


           Rental of right-of-use assets to related parties
           – Joint ventures                                                          21,276                   21,524
           – GAIG                                                                    31,786                   33,287
           – Subsidiaries of GAIG                                                    13,738                   15,239


                                                                                     66,800                   70,050


           Repayment of entrusted loans from related parties
           – Joint ventures                                                        500,000                  180,000
           – Associates                                                                  –                    9,400


                                                                                   500,000                  189,400


           Entrusted loan interest from related parties
           – Joint ventures                                                          12,339                   10,038
           – Associates                                                                   –                      190


                                                                                     12,339                   10,228




                                                           Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   319
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  41. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
      (a)   Significant related party transactions (Continued)


                                                                 Year ended 31 December
                                                                       2020           2019
                                                                   RMB’000         RMB’000


             Entrusted loans from a related party
             – A joint venture                                       70,000              –
             – An associate                                               –         70,000


                                                                     70,000         70,000


             Repayment of entrusted loans to a related party
             – An associate                                          70,000        100,000


             Entrusted loan interest to related parties
             – A joint venture                                        1,457              –
             – An associate                                               –          1,554


                                                                      1,457          1,554


             Borrowings from a related party
             – A joint venture                                     2,128,363     2,476,250


             Repayment of borrowings to a related party
             – A joint venture                                     2,090,901     2,506,313


             Borrowing interest to a related party
             – A joint venture                                        9,654         14,290




320
                                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




41. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
    (a)   Significant related party transactions (Continued)


                                                                          Year ended 31 December
                                                                                2020           2019
                                                                            RMB’000         RMB’000


           Loans to related parties
           – Joint ventures                                                  4,637,462                4,261,400
           – Associates                                                         38,500                   59,701


                                                                             4,675,962                4,321,101


           Repayment of loans from related parties
           – Joint ventures                                                  3,408,225                2,232,895
           – Associates                                                         26,631                   90,090


                                                                             3,434,856                2,322,985


           Guarantee fees to a related party
           – GAIG                                                                  3,000                    5,000


           Sales of intangible assets and property, plant and
             equipment
           – Joint ventures                                                     189,389                    22,271




                                                        Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   321
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  41. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
      (b)   Significant balances with related parties


                                                        As at 31 December
                                                           2020           2019
                                                        RMB’000        RMB’000


             Trade receivables
             – Joint ventures                            937,224       652,947
             – Associates                                138,993        24,102
             – GAIG                                            –             7
             – Subsidiaries of GAIG                            –             1


                                                        1,076,217      677,057


             Interest receivable
             – Joint ventures                             21,456         6,837
             – Associates                                     43            30


                                                          21,499         6,867


             Other receivables and prepayments
             – Joint ventures                            569,688       509,182
             – Associates                                  2,919           603
             – GAIG                                       26,824        21,233
             – Subsidiaries of GAIG                        1,300         1,686


                                                         600,731       532,704


             Dividend receivable
             – Joint ventures                           3,752,145     3,588,956
             – Associates                                       –        25,459


                                                        3,752,145     3,614,415



322
                                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




41. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
    (b)   Significant balances with related parties (Continued)


                                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                                                     2020           2019
                                                                                  RMB’000        RMB’000


           Notes receivable
           -Joint ventures                                                            50,080                   14,259


           Entrusted loans due from
           – Joint ventures                                                         582,599                  240,000


           Loans to related parties – current (Note (ii))
           – Joint ventures                                                      2,931,961                1,621,503
           – Associates                                                             30,930                   24,152


                                                                                 2,962,891                1,645,655


           Loans to related parties – non current (Note (ii))
           – Joint ventures                                                         831,617                  918,004
           – Associates                                                               5,264                        –


                                                                                    836,881                  918,004


           Long-term receivables
           – Joint ventures                                                                –                    3,590
           – Associates                                                               72,115                      115


                                                                                      72,115                    3,705




                                                            Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   323
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  41. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
      (b)   Significant balances with related parties (Continued)


                                                                    As at 31 December
                                                                       2020           2019
                                                                    RMB’000        RMB’000


             Trade payables
             – Joint ventures                                        139,216       211,210
             – Associates                                            395,264       401,927
             – Subsidiaries of GAIG                                        8             8


                                                                     534,488       613,145


             Other payables
             – Joint ventures                                         28,021        31,951
             – Associates                                             11,786         8,076
             – GAIG                                                  504,731       504,731
             – Subsidiaries of GAIG                                    3,444           696


                                                                     547,982       545,454


             Contract liabilities
             – Joint ventures                                         45,817        60,106
             – Associates                                             12,788         6,012
             – GAIG                                                        –             2
             – Subsidiaries of GAIG                                        –            38


                                                                      58,605        66,158


             Notes payable
             – Joint ventures                                        880,231       421,015




324
                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




41. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
    (b)   Significant balances with related parties (Continued)


                                                                              As at 31 December
                                                                                 2020           2019
                                                                              RMB’000        RMB’000


           Customer deposits
           – Joint ventures                                                  6,149,280                7,445,849
           – Associates                                                      1,466,974                1,080,180


                                                                             7,616,254                8,526,029


           Short-term borrowings
           – A joint venture (Note (iii))                                       342,698                  306,210


           Long-term borrowings
           – A joint venture (Note (iii))                                             974                           –


           Entrusted loans due to
           – A joint venture                                                      70,000                        –
           – An associate                                                              –                   70,000


                                                                                  70,000                   70,000


           Interest payable
           – Joint ventures                                                        7,353                    7,093
           – Associates                                                            6,146                    2,689


                                                                                  13,499                    9,782




                                                        Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020       325
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  41. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
      (b)   Significant balances with related parties (Continued)


                                                                                                 As at 31 December
                                                                                                    2020           2019
                                                                                                 RMB’000        RMB’000


                  Lease liabilities
                  – Joint ventures                                                                   11,169                 20,829
                  – Associates                                                                           15                      –
                  – GAIG                                                                             15,652                 25,303
                  – Subsidiaries of GAIG                                                             10,265                 12,202


                                                                                                     37,101                 58,334


            (i)       On 11 November 2017, the Board of Directors of the Company passed a resolution in relation to the Company
                      being entrusted by its controlling shareholder GAIG to manage certain equity investments held by GAIG. The period
                      of the entrusted management is three years. The annual management fee is made up of basic and floating portions,
                      with an annual limit of RMB49,000,000.

            (ii)      As at 31 December 2020, the Group recorded provision of RMB64,164,000 for joint ventures and RMB535,000
                      for associates for impairment of loans relating to financing services to related parties (2019: RMB58,998,000 and
                      RMB707,000).

            (iii)     Borrowings from a joint venture, which is a financial institution, are interest bearing. As at 31 December 2020,
                      borrowings from a joint venture were secured by the Group’s inventories with carrying value of approximately
                      RMB219,059,000 (2019: RMB273,515,000).




326
                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




41. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
    (c)   Commitments for related parties
          As at 31 December 2020, the bill acceptance provided by the Group to joint ventures amounted
          to approximately RMB50,603,000 (2019: RMB24,358,000).


    (d)   Key management compensation
                                                                                Year ended 31 December
                                                                                      2020           2019
                                                                                  RMB’000         RMB’000


           Salaries and other short-term employee benefits                              23,668                   18,373


          In addition, net expense reversed in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for share
          options and restricted shares granted to the key management for the year ended 31 December
          2020 is RMB3,876,000.


          Expense recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for share options
          granted to the key management for the year ended 31 December 2019 was RMB3,661,000.


    (e)   Transactions and balances with other state-owned enterprises in the PRC
          The Group operates in an economic environment predominated by state-owned enterprises. During
          the year, the Group had transactions with state-owned enterprises including, but not limited to, sales
          of automobiles and other automotive parts and purchases of raw materials and automotive parts.


          For the purpose of related party transactions disclosure, the Group has in place procedures to
          assist the identification of the immediate ownership structure of its customers and suppliers as to
          whether they are state-owned enterprises. However, many state-owned enterprises have multi-
          layered corporate structure and the ownership structures change over time as a result of transfers
          and privatisation programs.




                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   327
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  41. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
      (e)   Transactions and balances with other state-owned enterprises in the PRC (Continued)
            Nevertheless, the Directors consider that transactions with other state-owned enterprises are
            activities in the ordinary course of the Group’s business, and that the dealings of the Group have not
            been significantly or unduly affected by the fact that the Group and other state-owned enterprises
            are ultimately controlled or owned by the PRC Government. The Group has also established pricing
            policies for products and services, and such pricing policies do not depend on whether or not the
            customers are state-owned enterprises. Having due regard to the substance of the relationships, the
            Directors are of the opinion that none of these transactions are material related party transactions
            that require separate disclosure except for the transactions with state-owned financial institutions
            as disclosed below.


            (i)    Balances with state-owned financial institutions
                   As at 31 December 2020 and 2019, majority part of the Group’s bank balances and borrowings
                   were deposited in or financed from various state-owned financial institutions. The Directors
                   are of opinion that such transactions were conducted in the ordinary course of business and
                   in accordance with normal commercial terms.


            (ii)   Guarantees given by state-owned enterprises and GAIG
                   As at 31 December 2020 and 2019, information of borrowings secured by guarantees given
                   by a state-owned financial institution and GAIG is presented in Note 26(i).




328
                                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




42. BALANCE SHEET AND RESERVE MOVEMENT OF THE COMPANY
    Balance sheet of the Company
                                                                                   As at 31 December
                                                                                      2020           2019
                                                                                   RMB’000        RMB’000

     ASSETS
     Non-current assets
     Property, plant and equipment                                                3,203,419                2,856,365
     Right-of-use assets                                                            442,941                  457,547
     Investment properties                                                          466,216                  481,545
     Intangible assets                                                            6,877,153                5,481,217
     Investments in subsidiaries                                                 31,013,643               30,177,381
     Investments in joint ventures and associates                                24,976,451               23,919,556
     Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                          997,006                  980,424
     Prepayments and long-term receivables                                          262,457                  128,570


                                                                                 68,239,286               64,482,605


     Current assets
     Inventories                                                                     29,420                   61,791
     Trade and other receivables                                                  5,677,014                6,995,254
     Time deposits                                                                  765,000                        –
     Cash and cash equivalents                                                   10,713,994                9,734,366


                                                                                 17,185,428               16,791,411


     Total assets                                                                85,424,714               81,274,016




                                                             Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   329
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  42. BALANCE SHEET AND RESERVE MOVEMENT OF THE COMPANY (Continued)
      Balance sheet of the Company (Continued)
                                                                          As at 31 December
                                                           Note              2020           2019
                                                                          RMB’000        RMB’000


       LIABILITIES
       Non-current liabilities
       Borrowings                                                        5,594,290         5,538,362
       Lease liabilities                                                     2,873             4,240
       Government grants                                                   484,674           556,190


                                                                         6,081,837         6,098,792


       Current liabilities
       Trade and other payables                                          6,303,645         5,670,137
       Contract liabilities                                                 28,889            36,169
       Borrowings                                                          156,111         2,245,284
       Lease liabilities                                                     1,823            10,273


                                                                         6,490,468         7,961,863


       Total liabilities                                                12,572,305        14,060,655


       Net assets                                                       72,852,409        67,213,361


       EQUITY
       Share capital                                                    10,349,697        10,237,708
       Reserves                                              (a)        36,939,144        36,388,226
       Retained earnings                                     (a)        25,563,568        20,587,427


       Total equity                                                     72,852,409        67,213,361


      The balance sheet of the Company was approved by the Board of Directors on 25 March 2021 and was
      signed on its behalf:


                           Zeng Qinghong                                Feng Xingya
                              Director                                    Director




330
                                                                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




42. BALANCE SHEET AND RESERVE MOVEMENT OF THE COMPANY (Continued)
    (a)   Reserve movements of the Company
                                                                             Statutory
                                                                               surplus Employee
                                            Share      Capital     FVOCI       reserve share option Convertible       Total    Retained
                                         premium      reserve     Reserve         fund     scheme       bonds      reserves     earnings       Total
                                         RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000              RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000


          As at 1 January 2019          30,622,548     18,262           –    3,817,298    589,193      240,942 35,288,243 15,654,324 50,942,567


          Profit for the year                    –          –           –            –           –            –          –    9,234,426    9,234,426
          Appropriation to statutory
             surplus reserve fund                –          –           –     923,443            –            –    923,443     (923,443)           –
          Dividend declared by the
             Company                             –          –           –            –           –            –          –    (3,377,880) (3,377,880)
          Employee share scheme
          – Value of employee
             services                            –          –           –            –    158,980             –    158,980            –      158,980
          – Proceeds from shares
             issued                        24,401           –           –           –       (6,834)           –     17,567            –       17,567
          Convertible bonds
          – Conversion of convertible
             bonds                              3           –           –           –            –            –          3            –            3
          Others                                –           –         (10)          –            –            –        (10)           –          (10)


          As at 31 December 2019 30,646,952            18,262         (10)   4,740,741    741,339      240,942 36,388,226 20,587,427 56,975,653




                                                                                  Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020            331
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  42. BALANCE SHEET AND RESERVE MOVEMENT OF THE COMPANY (Continued)
      (a)   Reserve movements of the Company (Continued)
                                                                                           Statutory
                                                                                             surplus Employee
                                               Share    Treasury     Capital     FVOCI       reserve share option Convertible        Total      Retained
                                            premium        stock     reserve    Reserve         fund     scheme       bonds       reserves      earnings        Total
                                            RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000     RMB’000 RMB’000 RMB’000                RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000


             As at 1 January 2020          30,646,952          –      18,262        (10)   4,740,741     741,339      240,942    36,388,226    20,587,427    56,975,653


             Profit for the year                    –          –           –          –            –           –            –             –     7,576,595     7,576,595
             Appropriation to statutory
                 surplus reserve fund               –          –           –          –     757,660            –            –      757,660       (757,660)            –
             Dividend declared by the
                 Company                            –          –           –          –            –           –            –             –    (1,842,794)   (1,842,794)
             Employee share scheme
                 (Note 23)
             – Value of employee
                 services                           –          –           –          –            –    (195,528)           –      (195,528)            –      (195,528)
             – Proceeds from shares
                 issued                      515,731    (509,486)          –          –            –     (20,393)           –       (14,148)            –       (14,148)
             Convertible bonds (Note
                 26(g))
             – Conversion of convertible
                 bonds                          3,257          –           –          –            –           –         (300)        2,957             –         2,957
             Others                                 –          –           –        (23)           –           –            –           (23)            –           (23)


             As at 31 December 2020        31,165,940   (509,486)     18,262        (33)   5,498,401     525,418      240,642    36,939,144    25,563,568    62,502,712




332
                                                                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




43. BENEFITS AND INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS
    (a)   Directors’, supervisors’ and general manager’s emoluments
          The remuneration of every director, supervisor and the general manager for the year ended 31
          December 2020 is set out as below:

                                                                                  Employer’s
                                              Basic salaries, housing      contributions to a                           Remunerations paid or
                                                      fund and other       retirement benefit                          receivable in respect of
           Name                          Fees             allowances                 scheme Discretionary bonuses   accepting office as director     Total
                                      RMB’000                RMB’000                RMB’000              RMB’000                       RMB’000     RMB’000

           Name of director
             Zeng Qinghong                  –                     684                   75                    290                             –      1,049
             Feng Xingya                    –                   1,155                   75                  1,163                             –      2,393
             Zhao Fuquan (Note(ii))         –                      88                    –                      –                             –         88
             Xiao Shengfang
                 (Note(ii))                 –                     88                     –                      –                             –         88
             Wong Hakkun
                 (Note(ii))                 –                     88                     –                      –                             –         88
             Song Tiebo (Note(ii))          –                     88                     –                      –                             –         88
             Fu Yuwu (Note(iii))            –                     63                     –                      –                             –         63
             Lan Hailin (Note(iii))         –                     63                     –                      –                             –         63
             Leung Lincheong
                 (Note(iii))                –                     63                     –                      –                             –         63
             Wang Susheng
                 (Note(iii))                –                      63                    –                      –                             –         63
             Chen Xiaomu (Note(ii))         –                     606                   63                    217                             –        886
             Chen Maoshan                   –                   1,081                   75                    847                             –      2,003
             Chen Jun                       –                       –                    –                      –                             –          –
             Ding Hongxiang                 –                       –                    –                      –                             –          –
             Han Ying                       –                       –                    –                      –                             –          –
             Yan Zhuangli
                 (Note (iii))               –                       –                    –                      –                             –          –

           Name of supervisor
             Ji Li (Note(iii))              –                      –                     –                      –                             –          –
             Chen Tian                      –                      –                     –                      –                             –          –
             Long Yong                      –                      –                     –                      –                             –          –
             Wang Junyang                   –                      –                     –                      –                             –          –
             Jiang Xiuyun                   –                    715                    75                    195                             –        985
             He Jinpei (Note(iii))          –                    518                    56                    153                             –        727
             Shi Lei (Note(ii))             –                    220                    26                     60                             –        306
             Wang Lu                        –                    563                    75                    133                             –        771


          The above emoluments do not include the fair value of share options granted under SO-II Phase I
          in 2017, SO-II Phase II in 2018 and SO-III and RS in 2020.
                                                            Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020 333
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  43. BENEFITS AND INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS (Continued)
      (a)   Directors’, supervisors’ and general manager’s emoluments (Continued)
            The remuneration of every director, supervisor and the general manager for the year ended 31
            December 2019 is set out as below:


                                                                        Employer’s                       Remunerations paid
                                               Basic salaries,   contributions to a                          or receivable in
                                            housing fund and     retirement benefit                     respect of accepting
             Name                    Fees   other allowances               scheme Discretionary bonuses     office as director      Total
                                  RMB’000           RMB’000              RMB’000               RMB’000              RMB’000      RMB’000


             Name of director
               Zeng Qinghong            –                 625                131                    352                     –       1,108
               Feng Xingya              –               1,055                131                    884                     –       2,070
               Fu Yuwu                  –                 150                  –                      –                     –         150
               Lan Hailin               –                 150                  –                      –                     –         150
               Leung Lincheong          –                 150                  –                      –                     –         150
               Wang Susheng             –                 150                  –                      –                     –         150
               Yan Zhuangli             –                 628                132                    341                     –       1,101
               Chen Maoshan             –               1,000                127                    691                     –       1,818
               Chen Jun                 –                   –                  –                      –                     –           –
               Ding Hongxiang           –                   –                  –                      –                     –           –
               Han Ying                 –                   –                  –                      –                     –           –


             Name of supervisor
               Ji Li                    –                   –                  –                      –                     –          –
               Chen Tian                –                   –                  –                      –                     –          –
               Long Yong                –                   –                  –                      –                     –          –
               Wang Junyang             –                   –                  –                      –                     –          –
               Jiang Xiuyun             –                 638                116                    179                     –        933
               He Jinpei                –                 634                143                    163                     –        940
               Wang Lu                  –                 526                109                    128                     –        763


            The above emoluments do not include the fair value of share options granted under SOs-I in 2014,
            SOs-II Phase I in 2017 and SOs-II Phase II in 2018.




334
                                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements




43. BENEFITS AND INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS (Continued)
    (a)   Directors’, supervisors’ and general manager’s emoluments (Continued)
          Expense recognised in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for share options
          granted to the above directors, supervisors and the general manager for the year ended 31 December
          2020 and 2019 is set out as below:


                                                                            Year ended 31 December
                                                                           2020                                     2019

                                                                                               Net
                                                                                         expense
                                                                                         reversed
                                                                                           for the
                                                                                            share                          Expense
                                                                                          options                       recognised
                                                          Number     Number                    and         Number            for the
                                                          of share         of           restricted         of share           share
                                                           options restricted              shares           options         options
                Name                                                  shares              granted          granted          granted
                                                                                         RMB’000                          RMB’000


                Name of director
                Zeng Qinghong                              373,336              –               (547)    1,120,000                346
                Feng Xingya                                644,668        290,000               (400)    1,064,000                329
                Chen Xiaomu                                261,336              –               (383)            –                  –
                Chen Maoshan                               581,000        245,000               (390)    1,008,000                311
                Yan Zhuangli                                     –              –                  –     1,064,000                329


          (i)       The amount represented emoluments throughout their terms of directors or supervisors in 2020 and 2019.

          (ii)      In March 2020, Mr. Chen Xiaomu was appointed as director. In May 2020, Mr. Zhao Fuquan, Mr. Xiao Shengfang,
                    Mr. Wong Hokkun and Mr. Song Tiebo were appointed as directors. In September 2020, Mr. Shi Lei was appointed
                    as supervisor.

          (iii)     In January 2020, Mr. Yan Zhuangli resigned from director. In May 2020, Mr. Fu Yuwu, Mr. Lan Hailin, Mr. Leung
                    Lincheong and Mr. Wang Susheng resigned from directors. In September 2020, Mr. Ji Li and Mr. He Jinpei resigned
                    from supervisors.

          (iv)      In 2020 and 2019, there was no emoluments paid to or receivable by directors in respect of their other services in
                    connection with the management of the affairs of the Company or its subsidiary undertaking.




                                                                           Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020    335
       NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


  43. BENEFITS AND INTERESTS OF DIRECTORS (Continued)
      (b)   Directors’ retirement benefits
            None of the directors received or will receive any retirement benefits for the year ended 31 December
            2020 (2019: Nil).


      (c)   Directors’ termination benefits
            None of the directors received or will receive any termination benefits for the year ended 31
            December 2020 (2019: Nil).


      (d)   Consideration provided to third parties for making available directors’ services
            For the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group did not pay consideration to any third parties
            for making available directors’ services (2019: Nil).


      (e)   Information about loans, quasi-loans and other dealings in favour of directors, controlled
            bodies corporate by and connected entities with such directors
            As at 31 December 2020, there are no loans, quasi-loans and other dealing arrangements in favor
            of directors, controlled bodies corporate by and connected entities with such directors (2019: Nil).


      (f)   Directors’ material interests in transactions, arrangements or contracts
            No significant transactions, arrangements and contracts in relation to the Group’ s business to which
            the Company was a party and in which a director of the Company had a material interest, whether
            directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year (2019: Nil).




336
    Difference in Accounting Data under Different Accounting Standards


DIFFERENCE IN ACCOUNTING DATA UNDER DIFFERENT ACCOUNTING
STANDARDS
The differences in net profits and net assets in accordance with overseas financial reporting
standards and PRC Accounting Standards


                                                                                        Unit: 0'000 Currency: RMB

                                                              Net profits                        Net assets
                                                           Current            Last            End of       Beginning
                                                            period          period            period        of period
In accordance with PRC Accounting Standards                596,583        661,754         8,432,101         8,013,409
Adjusted items and amounts under overseas financial
   reporting standards:
(1) Amortisation of equity investment difference                 0                  0           4,501             4,501
(2) Difference in accounting treatment for the reversal
      of provision for impairment of non-current assets          0                  0              901               901
(3) Staff and workers’ bonus and welfare fund included
       in profit allocation as current cost and expenses
       items                                                  -177             -127                   0                   0
In accordance with overseas financial reporting
   standards                                               596,406        661,627         8,437,503         8,018,811



Financial statements of the Group for the year 2020 prepared in accordance with the Hong Kong Financial
Reporting Standards have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers.




                                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020       337
         Five-Year Financial Summary


  A summary of the published financial results and assets, liabilities and non-controlling interests of the Group for
  the last five financial years, as extracted from the audited financial statements of the Group, is set out below:

                                                               Year ended 31 December
                                               2020            2019        2018       2017                     2016
                                            RMB’000         RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000                  RMB’000

  Revenue                                  63,156,985     59,704,322      72,379,779      71,574,939      49,417,676
  Cost of sales                           (60,860,992)   (57,181,363)    (60,835,699)    (58,716,478)    (41,961,379)

  Gross profit                              2,295,993      2,522,959      11,544,080      12,858,461       7,456,297
  Selling and distribution costs           (3,641,480)    (4,553,402)      (5,073,033)     (5,250,070)    (3,396,393)
  Administrative expenses                  (3,850,327)    (3,589,516)      (4,519,380)     (4,021,804)    (2,738,874)
  Net impairment losses on financial
    assets                                    (55,110)        (53,831)         (7,257)             –               –
  Interest income                             304,233        290,694         453,389         342,643         488,696
  Other gains – net                         1,379,690      2,620,340       1,067,991         562,459         331,196
  Operating (loss)/profit                  (3,567,001)    (2,762,756)      3,465,790       4,491,689       2,140,922
  Interest income                             127,551        171,565         103,021          52,676          97,240
  Finance costs                              (439,567)      (516,481)       (458,858)       (646,477)       (962,927)
  Share of profit of joint ventures and
    associates                              9,570,978      9,399,343       8,753,300        8,296,387      5,774,362
  Profit before income tax                  5,691,961      6,291,671      11,863,253      12,194,275       7,049,597
  Income tax credit/(expense)                 355,990        417,186        (920,808)      (1,154,259)      (754,342)
  Profit for the year                       6,047,951      6,708,857      10,942,445      11,040,016       6,295,255

  Profit attributable to:
  Owners of the Company                     5,964,055      6,616,265      10,899,603      11,004,671       6,287,542
  Non-controlling interests                    83,896         92,592          42,842          35,345           7,713


                                            6,047,951      6,708,857      10,942,445      11,040,016       6,295,255


                                                                  As at 31 December
                                               2020            2019         2018       2017                    2016
                                            RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000    RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                                           (Restated)
  Assets, liabilities and
   non-controlling interests
  Total assets                            142,860,688    137,463,551     132,173,759     119,656,441     82,146,241
  Total liabilities                        56,147,060     54,955,305      54,199,052      49,188,448     37,252,780
  Non-controlling interests                 2,338,597      2,320,135       1,370,853       1,043,725      1,037,308


338
    Definitions


In this annual report, unless the context otherwise requires, all terms used shall have the following meaning:

“Articles of Association”             the articles of association of the Company, as amended from time to
                                      time

“associated companies” or             all entities over which the Company has significant influence but not
  “associated enterprises”            control, generally accompanying a shareholding of between 20% and
                                      50% of the voting rights of such entities

“Board”                               the board of directors of the Company

“China Lounge Investments”            China Lounge Investments Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the
                                      Company incorporated in Hong Kong

“Company” or “GAC”                    Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. (廣州汽車集團股份有限公司)

“Company Law”                         the Company Law of the People’s Republic of China

“CSRC”                                China Securities Regulatory Commission

“Da Sheng Technology”                 Da Sheng Technology Co., Ltd. (大聖科技股份有限公司), a subsidiary
                                      of the Company established in June 2016 under PRC law, in which
                                      the Company and Urtrust Insurance hold approximately 74.30% equity
                                      interests in total

“Denway Motors”                       Denway Motors Limited (駿威汽車有限公司), a wholly-owned subsidiary
                                      of the Company incorporated in Hong Kong in June 1992

“GAC AION”                            GAC AION New Energy Automobile Co., Ltd. (廣 汽 埃 安 新 能 源 汽 車
                                      有 限 公 司) (formerly known as Guangzhou Automobile New Energy
                                      Automobile Co., Ltd. (廣 汽 新 能 源 汽 車 有 限 公 司)), a wholly-owned
                                      subsidiary of the Company incorporated in July 2017 under PRC law

“GAC Aisin”                           GAC Aisin Automatic Gearbox Co., Ltd. (廣汽愛信自動變速器有限公司),
                                      an associated company jointly funded and established by GAMC, AISIN
                                      AW Co., Ltd. and Aida (China) Investment Co., Ltd. in December 2018
                                      under PRC law, in which the Company indirectly holds 40% equity
                                      interests




                                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   339
        Definitions


  “GAC Business”      GAC Business Co., Ltd. (廣 汽 商 貿 有 限 公 司) (formerly known as
                      Guangzhou Automobile Group Business Co., Ltd. (廣州汽車集團商貿
                      有限公司)), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company incorporated in
                      March 2000 under PRC law

  “GAC BYD”           Guangzhou GAC BYD New Energy Passenger Vehicle Co., Ltd. (廣州
                      廣汽比亞迪新能源客車有限公司), a jointly controlled entity incorporated
                      in August 2014 under PRC law by the Company and BYD Company
                      Limited, in which the Company holds 49% equity interests

  “GAC Capital”       GAC Capital Co., Ltd. (廣汽資本有限公司), a wholly-owned subsidiary
                      incorporated by the Company in April 2013 under PRC Law

  “GAC Changfeng”     GAC Changfeng Motor Co., Ltd. (廣 汽 長 豐 汽 車 有 限 公 司) (formerly
                      known as Hunan Changfeng Motor Co., Ltd. (湖南長豐汽車製造股份有
                      限公司)), a company incorporated in November 1996 under PRC Law,
                      in which the Company holds 100% equity interests

  “GAC Component”     GAC Component Co., Ltd. (廣汽零部件有限公司) (formerly known as
                      Guangzhou Automobile Group Component Co., Ltd. (廣州汽車集團零部
                      件有限公司)), a wholly-owned subsidiary incorporated in August 2000
                      under PRC law by the Company and its subsidiaries

  “GAC FCA”           GAC Fiat Chrysler Automobiles Co., Ltd. (廣汽菲亞特克萊斯勒汽車有
                      限公司) (formerly known as GAC FIAT Automobiles Co., Ltd. (廣汽菲亞
                      特汽車有限公司)), a jointly controlled entity incorporated in March 2010
                      under PRC law by the Company and Fiat Chrysler Automobiles

  “GAC Finance”       Guangzhou Automobile Group Finance Co., Ltd. (廣 州 汽 車 集 團 財 務
                      有限公司), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company incorporated in
                      January 2017 under PRC law

  “GAC Hino”          GAC Hino Motors Co., Ltd. (廣汽日野汽車有限公司), a jointly controlled
                      entity incorporated in November 2007 under PRC law by the Company
                      and Hino Motors, Ltd.

  “GAC (Honda)”       GAC Honda Automobile Co., Ltd. (廣 汽 本 田 汽 車 有 限 公 司) (formerly
                      known as Guangzhou Honda Automobile Co., Ltd. (廣州本田汽車有限公
                      司)), a jointly controlled entity incorporated in May 1998 under PRC law
                      by the Company and Honda Motor Co., Ltd.



340
                                                                                          Definitions




“GAC Mitsubishi”      GAC Mitsubishi Motor Co., Ltd. (廣 汽 三 菱 汽 車 有 限 公 司), a jointly
                      controlled entity incorporated in September 2012 under PRC law by the
                      Company, Mitsubishi Motors Corporation and Mitsubishi Corporation

“GAC Nio”             GAC Nio New Energy Automobile Technology Co., Ltd. (廣汽蔚來新
                      能源汽車科技有限公司), a company jointly funded and established by
                      the Company and Nio, Inc. in April 2018 under PRC law, in which the
                      Company and its subsidiaries hold 25% equity interests in total after
                      completion of capital injection in January 2021

“GAC Toyota Engine”   GAC Toyota Engine Co., Ltd. (廣汽豐田發動機有限公司), an associated
                      company incorporated in February 2004 under PRC law by the
                      Company and Toyota Motor Company, in which the Company holds
                      30% equity interests

“GAC Toyota”          GAC Toyota Motor Co., Ltd. (廣汽豐田汽車有限公司) (formerly known
                      as Guangzhou Toyota Motor Co., Ltd. (廣州豐田汽車有限公司)), a jointly
                      controlled entity incorporated in September 2004 under PRC law by the
                      Company and Toyota Motor Company

“GAC-SOFINCO”         GAC-SOFINCO Automobile Finance Co., Ltd. (廣汽滙理汽車金融有限公
                      司), a jointly controlled entity incorporated in May 2010 under PRC law
                      by the Company and Société de Financement Industriel et Commercial
                      (SOFINCO)

“GAEI”                Guangzhou Automobile Group Company Automotive Engineering
                      Institute (廣 州 汽 車 集 團 股 份 有 限 公 司 汽 車 工 程 研 究 院), a branch
                      company of the Company established in June 2006 for the purpose of
                      conducting research and development of the products and technology
                      in which the Company has proprietary rights

“GAIG”                Guangzhou Automobile Industry Group Co., Ltd. (廣州汽車工業集團有
                      限公司), a state-owned enterprise incorporated in October 2000 under
                      PRC law and the controlling shareholder of the Company

“GAMC”                GAC Motor Co., Ltd. (廣 汽 乘 用 車 有 限 公 司) (formerly known as
                      Guangzhou Automobile Group Motor Co., Ltd. (廣州汽車集團乘用車有
                      限公司)), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company incorporated in
                      July 2008 under PRC law




                                              Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   341
          Definitions


  “GAMC (Hangzhou)”                   its predecessor was GAC Gonow Automobile Co., Ltd. (廣汽吉奧汽車有
                                      限公司), a subsidiary incorporated in December 2010 under PRC Law
                                      by the Company and Gonow Auto Co., Ltd., in which the Company
                                      holds 51% equity interests. In March 2016, GAMC, a wholly-owned
                                      subsidiary of the Company acquired the remaining 49% equity interests
                                      and renamed the entity as Guangzhou Automobile Group Motor
                                      (Hangzhou) Co., Ltd. (廣州汽車集團乘用車(杭州)有限公司) in May 2016
                                      which was renamed as GAMC (Hangzhou) Co., Ltd. (廣汽乘用車(杭州)
                                      有限公司) in June 2019

  “Group” or “GAC Group”              the Company and its subsidiaries

  “independent director”              has the same meaning as that of independent executive director

  “joint venture, joint enterprise,   joint venture company under direct or indirect joint control, and the
    jointly controlled entity”        direct or indirect joint control causes no participating party to have
                                      any unilateral control power over the economic activities of that jointly
                                      controlled entity

  “Listing Rules”                     the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange, as
                                      amended from time to time

  “MPV”                               multi-purpose passenger vehicle

  “ON TIME”                           a mobile mobility platform established in April 2019 and launched by the
                                      Company through Chenqi Technology Limited (including its subsidiaries)
                                      established by China Lounge Investments and Tencent, and its holding
                                      company, and is indirectly held 35% by the Group

  “PRC” or “China”                    the People’s Republic of China

  “RMB”                               Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC

  “Securities Law”                    the Securities Law of the People’s Republic of China

  “SFO”                               the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong
                                      Kong)




342
                                                                                             Definitions




“Shanghai Hino”         Shanghai Hino Engine Co., Ltd. (上 海 日 野 發 動 機 有 限 公 司), an
                        associated company incorporated by the Company and Hino Motors,
                        Ltd. in October 2003 under PRC law, in which the Company holds 30%
                        equity interests

“SSE”                   the Shanghai Stock Exchange

“SSE Listing Rules”     the Rules Governing the Listing of Shares on the SSE, as amended
                        from time to time

“Stock Exchange”        The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

“SUV”                   sports utility vehicle

“Times GAC”             Times GAC Energy Battery System Co., Ltd. (時代廣汽動力電池有限公司),
                        an associated company jointly funded and established by the Company,
                        GAC AION and Contemporary Amperex Technology Co., Ltd. in
                        December 2018 under PRC law, in which the Company and GAC AION
                        hold 49% equity interests in total

“Tong Fang Logistics”   Tong Fang Global (Tianjin) Logistics Co., Limited (同方環球(天津)物流
                        有限公司), an associated company established by the Company, China
                        First Automobile Works Group and Toyota Motor Company in July
                        2007, in which the Company holds 25% equity interests

“Urtrust Insurance”     Urtrust Insurance Co., Ltd. (眾誠汽車保險股份有限公司), a subsidiary
                        incorporated in June 2011 under PRC law, in which the Group directly
                        and indirectly holds a total of 53.55% equity interests

“Wuyang-Honda”          Wuyang-Honda Motors (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd. (五羊－本田摩托(廣州)有
                        限公司), a jointly controlled entity incorporated by the Company, Honda
                        Motor Co., Ltd. and Honda Technology & Research Industry (China)
                        Investment Co., Ltd. in July 1992 under PRC law




                                                 Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   343
       Honours and Awards


  I.   AWARDS

       (I)   AWARDS WON BY THE GROUP AND ITS MAJOR INVESTEES
             Subject       Awards won by the Group and              Organiser/theme
                           its major investees


             The Company   First prize of Guangdong Science and     Guangdong Provincial People’s
                             Technology Award for the “Self-         Government
                             development and Industrialisation of
                             Key Technologies for A-Level Pure
                             Electric Passenger Vehicles"
                           Second prize of China Automotive         China Society of Automotive
                             Industry Awards for Science and         Engineers
                             Technology for the “Development
                             and Industrialisation of Key
                             Technologies for Medium-sized
                             SUV"
                           Special prize of China Automotive        China Society of Automotive
                             Industry Awards for Science             Engineers
                             and Technology for the “Key
                             Technologies and Application of
                             Cloud-based Control System for
                             Intelligent Networking Vehicles"
                           Second prize of Science and              Guangdong Mechanical Engineering
                             Technology Award of Guangdong           Society
                             Mechanical Engineering Society for
                             the “Development and Application
                             of Key Technologies for High-
                             performance Platform-based GPMA
                             Car Body"
                           Third prize of Science and               Guangdong Mechanical Engineering
                             Technology Award of Guangdong           Society
                             Mechanical Engineering Society for
                             the “R&D and Application of Key
                             Technologies of Electronic Control
                             System for New Energy Vehicles"
                           The 21st session of China                China National Intellectual Property
                             Appearance Design Gold Award for        Administration, World Intellectual
                             Automobiles                             Property Organisation




344
                                                                       Honours and Awards




Subject     Awards won by the Group and                  Organiser/theme
            its major investees


            The 21st session of China Patent             China National Intellectual Property
              Excellence Award for the invention          Administration
              patent of “an intake manifold and
              automobile engine"
            The 7th session of Guangdong                 Guangdong Provincial People’s
              Patent Gold Award for Automobiles           Government
            The 7th session of Guangdong                 Guangdong Provincial People’s
              Patent Silver Award for the                 Government
              invention patent of “an engine
              design method"
            The Best Boards of Companies                 Securities Times
              Listed on the Main Board
            The Best Companies in Investor               Securities Times
              Relations
            New Fortune Best IR Company Listed           New Fortune
              in Hong Kong

GAEI        China Excellent Industrial Design            Ministry of Industry and Information
             Gold Award                                   Technology of the People’s
                                                          Republic of China

GAMC        No. 1 among Chinese brands in J.D.           J.D. Power
              Power Initial Quality Study (IQS)
            First place among Chinese domestic           J.D. Power
              brands in J.D. Power 2020 China
              Customer Service Index (CSI) Study
            Anti-pandemic Active Contribution            Hubei General Chamber of
              Award                                       Commerce

GAC Honda   No. 1 among mass market brands in            J.D. Power
             the Initial Quality Study (IQS)
            No. 2 among mass market segment              J.D. Power
             brands in J.D. Power 2020 China
             Sales Satisfaction Index (SSI) Study




                                            Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   345
      Honours and Awards


        Subject      Awards won by the Group and              Organiser/theme
                     its major investees


        GAC Honda    No. 2 in the Green Development           Energy-saving and Green-
                      Index (GDI) of Automotive                development Assessment Centre
                      Companies in 2020                        for Automotive Industry
                     Guangdong Environmental Education        Department of Ecology and
                      Base                                     Environment of Guangdong
                                                               Province
                     Model Enterprise in VOCs Treatment       China Automotive Data Co., Ltd.
                      in the Green Environmental
                      Protection Action of Automobile
                      Industry in China
                     No. 1 among joint venture brands         China Association for Quality
                      for after-sales satisfaction in 2020
                      China Automobile Customer
                      Satisfaction Index (CACSI)

        GAC Toyota   Gold Award in the “Toyota Global         Toyota Motor Corporation
                      Service Excellence Recognition"
                     No. 1 among joint venture brands         China Association for Quality
                      for after-sales satisfaction in China
                      Automobile Customer Satisfaction
                      Index (CACSI)
                     No. 1 among joint venture brands         China Association for Quality
                      for sales satisfaction in China
                      Automobile Customer Satisfaction
                      Index (CACSI)
                     No. 1 among joint venture brands         China Automotive Maintenance and
                      for after-sales satisfaction in China    Repair Trade Association
                      Automobile After-sales Customer
                      Satisfaction Research (CAACS)
                     Outstanding Pandemic Response            People.cn
                      Award
                     Annual Green Development Enterprise      Southern Weekly
                     Responsibility Model Award               Yicai




346
                                                                           Honours and Awards




Subject          Awards won by the Group and                 Organiser/theme
                 its major investees


GAC FCA          2020 Model Unit in Regularised              Changsha Ecological Environment
                  Management of Hazardous Wastes              Bureau
                  in Changsha
                 National Credible Model Enterprise in       China Association for Quality
                  Product and Quality Service – Jeep          Inspection
                  Vehicle

GAC Mitsubishi   Annual Social Responsibility Public         China Automobile TV General
                  Charity Enterprise                          Review
                 Annual Innovative Marketing Award           Netease

GAC AION         Best New Energy Automobile                  Sohu Auto
                  Manufacturer
                 China Internet of Vehicles Technology       Securities Daily
                  Application Award
                 2020 World Intelligent Vehicles             Organising Committee of World
                  Conference-Intelligent                      Intelligent Vehicles Conference
                  Manufacturing Award
                 Most Anticipated New Energy Brand           Che Shi Hong Dian

GAC-SOFINCO      2020 Best Automobile Finance                21st Century Business Herald
                  Company




                                                Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   347
      Honours and Awards


        Subject        Awards won by the Group and           Organiser/theme
                       its major investees


        GAC Component Ranked 36th among 2020 China           China Machinery Enterprise
                       Machinery Top 500                      Management Association
                      Ranked 68th among 2020 Global          China Automotive News
                       Top 100 Auto Parts Companies,
                       and 7th among Top 100 Auto Parts
                       Companies in China
                      Ranked 8th among Top 30 Auto           China Association of Automobile
                       Parts Companies in China               Manufacturers
                       Automobile Industry

        GAC Business   Ranked 22nd among Top 100             China Automobile Dealers
                        Automobile Dealer Groups in China,    Association
                        Top 100 Excellent Dealers in China
                       Outstanding Industry Management       Guangdong Automobile Dealers
                        Elite Award                           Association

        GAC Capital    2020 Top 30 Best Private Equity       Fund of Funds Union
                        Investment Fund in China, 2020
                        Top 30 Best Investment Institution
                        in Hard Technology in China, 2020
                        TOP 20 Most Popular PE Fund
                        Founding Partner among FoFs in
                        China




348
                                                                                 Honours and Awards




(II)   VEHICLE MODELS AND OTHER AWARDS
       Vehicle Model             Name of Award                                Awarded by


       GAC 7WDCT Gearbox     Top Ten Gearboxes in the World            CarBingo Academy
       GAC 2.0ATK Engine     Energy Efficiency Star (highest effective CATARC
                               thermal efficiency reaches 42.1%)
       GAC Trumpchi GS3      No.1 Mini-sized SUV in J.D. Power         J.D. Power
                               Initial Quality Study (IQS)
       GAC Trumpchi GS4      2020 Top 10 SUV                           Yiche
       GAC Trumpchi M8       Commercial Vehicle of the Year            Netease
       GAC Trumpchi M8       Annual Fengyun MPV                        Pcauto
       GAC Trumpchi EMPOW55 2020 Most Anticipated Sedan                Cheshi.com
       GAC Honda Accord      Best-selling Car of the Year in the “2020 CCTV
                               China Automobile Festival"
       GAC Honda Accord      No. 1 Mid-sized Sedan in the Research 58che, Uxin
                               Report on China’s Automobile
                               Preservation Rate
       GAC Honda Accord      No.1 Mid-sized High-end Sedan in J.D. J.D. Power
                               Power Initial Quality Study (IQS)
       GAC Honda Avancier    No.1 Large-sized SUV in J.D. Power        J.D. Power
                               Initial Quality Study (IQS)
       GAC Honda Breeze      Automobile of the Year 2020               12gang.com
       GAC Honda Odyssey     No. 2 MPV in the Research Report on 58che, Uxin
                               China’s Automobile Preservation Rate
       GAC Honda Fit         Small-sized Vehicle of the Year           Netease
       GAC Honda Vezel       SUV of the Year                           Yiche
       GAC Acura NEW CDX     Sports SUV of the Year 2020               Pcauto
       GAC Toyota Camry      No. 1 Preservation Rate among Mid-        J.D. Power
                               sized Vehicles
       GAC Toyota Highlander No. 1 Preservation Rate among Mid-        J.D. Power
                               sized SUVs
       GAC Toyota Wildlander SUV of the Year                           Netease
       GAC Toyota Wildlander 2020 Most Concerned Elite Automobile 21st Century Business
                                                                         Herald
       GAC Toyota Camry HEV  Best Hybrid Sedan of the Year             Gongfuauto
       GAC AION AION LX      2020 TTA New Energy Vehicle of the        Tencent Auto
                               Year
       GAC AION AION LX      Comprehensive Champion in SUV             Organising Committee
                               Challengers Group, Recommended            of China New Energy
                               Model of the Year                         Vehicles Competition
       GAC AION AION LX      Intelligent Cockpit Invention of the Year Gasgoo
       GAC AION AION V       Best Smart Electric SUV                   National Business Daily
       GAC AION AION V       2020 Most Concerned New Energy            21st Century Business
                               Elite Vehicle                             Herald
       GAC AION AION V       New Energy Smart SUV of the Year          Netease
       GAC AION AION Y       Best First Launch of New Energy           Sohu Auto
                               Vehicle Model Award
       GAC AION AION Y       Top 10 New Iconic Vehicles                Huanqiuauto.com

                                                      Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   349
        Corporate Information


  I.    CORPORATE INFORMATION
        Chinese name of the Company                   廣州汽車集團股份有限公司
        Chinese abbreviation                          廣汽集團
        English name of the Company                   Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd.
        English abbreviation                          GAC Group
        Legal representative                          Zeng Qinghong



  II.   CONTACT PERSON AND CONTACT METHOD
                                                      Company Secretary/Secretary to the Board
        Name                                          Sui Li
        Address                                       GAC Centre, No. 23 Xingguo Road, Zhujiang New
                                                        Town, Tianhe District, Guangzhou
        Telephone                                     020-83151139
        Facsimile                                     020-83150319
        E-mail                                        ir@gac.com.cn



  III. BASIC INFORMATION
        Registered address of the Company             23/F, Chengyue Building, 448-458 Dong Feng Zhong
                                                       Road, Yuexiu District, Guangzhou
        Postal code of the Company’s registered       510030
         address
        Office address of the Company                 GAC Centre, No. 23 Xingguo Road, Zhujiang New
                                                        Town, Tianhe District, Guangzhou
        Postal code of the Company’s office address   510623
        Principal place of business in Hong Kong      Room 808, Citicorp Centre, 18 Whitfield Road,
                                                        Causeway Bay, Hong Kong
        Company’s website                             www.gac.com.cn
        E-mail                                        ir@gac.com.cn
        Investor hotline                              020-83151139 Ext.3




350
                                                                                      Corporate Information




IV. INFORMATION DISCLOSURE AND PLACE OF INSPECTION
     Newspapers selected by the Company for            China Securities Journal, Shanghai Securities News,
       information disclosure                          Securities Times and Securities Daily
     Website designated by CSRC for publishing the     www.sse.com.cn
       annual report
     Website designated by the Stock Exchange for      www.hkexnews.hk
       publishing the annual report
     Place of inspection of the annual report of the   22/F, GAC Centre, No. 23 Xingguo Road, Zhujiang
       Company                                         New Town, Tianhe District, Guangzhou



V.   INFORMATION ON THE COMPANY’S SHARES
                                   Information on the Company’s shares
                                Stock Exchange
     Class of shares            of listing shares      Stock abbreviation                Stock code


     A shares                   SSE                       GAC GROUP                      601238
     H shares                   Stock Exchange            GAC GROUP                      02238




                                                             Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd. | Annual Report 2020   351
      Corporate Information


  VI. OTHER RELEVANT INFORMATION
      Auditors            Name                        BDO China Shu Lun Pan Certified Public Accountants
       (domestic)                                       LLP
                          Business address            4th Floor, 61 Nanjing East Road, Huangpu District,
                                                        Shanghai
                          Name of signatory           Xu Dan, Li Jiajun
                           accountants

      Auditors            Name                        PricewaterhouseCoopers
       (overseas)                                     Certified Public Accountants and Registered PIE Auditor
                          Business address            22/F, Prince’s Building, Central, Hong Kong
                          Name of signatory           Pang Ho Yin
                           accountants

      Sponsor             Name                        China International Capital Corporation Limited
       performing         Business address            27th Floor & 28th Floor, China World Office 2,
       continuous                                       1 Jianguomenwai Avenue, Chaoyang District, Beijing
       supervisory        Signing representative of   Zhou Jiaqi, Long Liang
       duty during the      sponsor
       reporting period   Period of continuous        The Company completed the issuance of A shares
                            supervision                 convertible corporate bond in February 2016,
                                                        during which the corresponding continuous
                                                        supervision period was from 4 February 2016 to
                                                        31 December 2017, and the sponsor continued
                                                        to perform the relevant ongoing supervision
                                                        obligations before the conversion of convertible
                                                        corporate bonds was completed

      Sponsor             Name                        China International Capital Corporation Limited
       performing         Business address            27th Floor & 28th Floor, China World Office 2,
       continuous                                       1 Jianguomenwai Avenue, Chaoyang District, Beijing
       supervisory        Signing representative of   Zhou Jiaqi, Long Liang
       duty during the      sponsor
       reporting period   Period of continuous        The Company completed the non-public issuance
                            supervision                of A shares in November 2017, during which the
                                                       corresponding continuous supervision period was
                                                       from 17 November 2017 to 31 December 2018,
                                                       and the sponsor continued to perform the relevant
                                                       ongoing supervision obligations before the raised
                                                       proceeds were fully utilised

      H share registrar Name                          Tricor Investor Services Limited
       of the Company Address of the registrar        Level 54, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East,
                                                        Hong Kong
352
                     Guangzhou Automobile Group Company Limited
                     廣州汽車集團股份有限公司
                     （a joint stock company incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability）
                     H Share Stock Code: 2238
                     A Share Stock Code: 601238




                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT




2020 ANNUAL REPORT
