(A joint-stock company incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)
A Share Stock Code : 601916
H Share Stock Code : 2016




                                             Annual Report
                                                    2025
Important Notice
The Board of Directors, the Supervisory Committee, Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management of the
Company warrant that the contents in this report are true, accurate and complete and contain no false records,
misleading statements, or material omissions, and they jointly and severally accept full legal responsibility for the
report.

The eighth meeting of the seventh session of the Board of the Company held on March 30, 2026, approved the
Annual Report of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2025 and its Summary. The Company has 11 directors,
among whom 11 directors attended the meeting in person, which was in compliance with the requirements of the
Company Law of the People’s Republic of China and the Articles of Association of the Company, and 9 Supervisors
of the Company attended the meeting as non-voting delegates.

KPMG Huazhen LLP and KPMG (both being auditors of the Company) have audited the 2025 annual financial
report of the Company prepared in accordance with the China Accounting Standards and the International Financial
Reporting Accounting Standards, and have issued standard unqualified auditing reports, respectively.

Unless otherwise illustrated in this report, the currency for any amount herein is RMB. Certain amounts and
percentage numbers in this report have been rounded. Any discrepancies in any table between totals and sums of
the amounts listed are due to rounding.

The Board of the Company has proposed to declare a cash dividend of RMB1.31 per 10 shares (tax inclusive) for
2025, payable in RMB to holders of A Shares and in HK dollars to holders of H Shares. The above proposal on
dividend distribution is subject to consideration and approval at the 2025 annual general meeting of the Company.

Chen Haiqiang (陳海強), Chairman of the Board of the Company, Lyu Linhua (呂臨華), President, Jing Feng (景峰),
Principal in charge of Finance, and Zhang Jian (張簡), Director of the Financial Department warrant that the financial
report in the annual report is true, accurate and complete.

Significant Risk Warning
Please refer to the section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis – Risk Management” of this report for
information about major risks faced and measures to be taken by the Company.

The forward-looking statements about matters like future plans of the Company in this report do not constitute
substantive commitments of the Company to the investors, and the investors and related persons shall maintain
sufficient risk awareness in this regard, and shall understand the difference among plans, forecasts and
commitments.
Contents

3     Definitions                                          158   Independent Auditor’s Report
4     Chairman’s Statement                                 168   Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
7     President’s Statement                                          Other Comprehensive Income
10    Company Profile                                      170   Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
12    Corporate Overview                                   172   Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
13    Development Strategies and Core Competitiveness      173   Consolidated Cash Flow Statement
20    Honors and Awards                                    175   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement
22    Financial Summary                                    318   Unaudited Supplementary Financial Information
26    Management Discussion and Analysis
82    Corporate Governance
110   Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders
120   Information on Directors, Supervisors,
           Senior Management, Employees and Institutions
140   Directors’ Report
155   Report of the Supervisory Committee
156   Significant Events
                                                                                          Annual Report 2025   003




                                                                                       Definitions


“Company”, “Bank”, “our Bank”, “China   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.
  Zheshang Bank” or “CZBank”:

“Former CBIRC”:                         the Former China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission

“CSRC”:                                 China Securities Regulatory Commission

“Hong Kong Stock Exchange”:             The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

“SFO”:                                  Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong
                                        Kong)

“Hong Kong Listing Rules”:              The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock
                                        Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

“Model Code”:                           The Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed
                                        Issuers, as set out in Appendix C3 to Hong Kong Listing Rules

“Zheyin Financial Leasing”:             Zhejiang Zheyin Financial Leasing Co., Ltd., a holding subsidiary of
                                        the Company, in which the Company holds 51% of equity interest

“CZB Wealth Management”:                CZB Wealth Management Co. Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary of the
                                        Company

“Group”:                                the Company and its subsidiaries
004    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Chairman’s Statement


      2025 is the concluding year of China’s “14th Five-Year Plan”, and also the concluding year of CZBank’s “4th
      Five-Year Plan”. Amidst the complex internal and external development environment, we thoroughly studied and
      implemented the decisions and deployments of the CPC Central Committee and the State Council. Under the
      strong leadership of the Zhejiang Provincial Party Committee and Provincial Government, anchoring the vision of
      being “a first-class commercial bank”, the whole bank united as one, firmed up its direction, and forged ahead with
      courage and determination, maintaining a positive development trend. The Group’s total assets reached RMB3.48
      trillion, representing an increase of RMB1.43 trillion or 70% over five years; various deposits exceeded RMB2
      trillion, representing an increase of RMB700 billion or 52% over five years; various loans amounted to RMB1.9
      trillion, also representing an increase of RMB700 billion or 60% over five years; operating income successively
      surpassed the two thresholds of RMB50 billion and RMB60 billion, and the foundation for our high-quality
      development has become even more solid and stable.

      Looking back on the past year, the macroeconomic environment was highly volatile, the industry cycle moved
      forward under pressure, and operational challenges were unprecedented. By identifying dynamic accurately,
      responding to changes scientifically and seeking transformation proactively, we secured one crucial victory after
      another, delivering hard-won important achievements.

      This year, we consolidated our foundation towards “stability”, and the Bank as a whole embraced a new
      look in its development. We earnestly carried out the study and education to fully implement the spirit of the
      eight-point decision of the Central Government and the theme activity of “Instructions for 20 Years: Further
      Advancing Integrity and Strict Governance”. We deepened the development of the five-word ecosystem featuring
      “integrity, simplicity, professionalism, cooperation and honesty”, embedded the values of integrity, strictness and
      practicality deeply into our corporate culture, fostering an increasingly sound and upright working environment.
      We maintained strategic resolve, firmly established sound operational philosophies on operation, performance, and
      risk management, and followed the action guidelines of “stability, progress, innovation, reform, and excellence”.
      Meanwhile, we actively cultivated a new corporate image of prudence and steadiness, restraint and control,
      professionalism and focus, and quiet dedication.

      This year, we sought progress towards “practicality”, and our operating results generally met expectations.
      We adhered to serving the real economy, deeply and solidly carried out the “Five Finances”, with half of the new
      loans invested in science and technology innovation, green, and inclusive finance. Significant results were achieved
      in customer base breakthroughs, and business lines such as financial market, bills, financial institutions, investment
      banking, and international business maintained strong competitiveness among peers in the industry. Zheyin
      Financial Leasing maintained a good operating trend, and CZB Wealth Management commenced operations and
      delivered a good inaugural performance. Against the backdrop of a challenging internal and external environment,
      in 2025, we realized operating income of RMB62.558 billion and net profit attributable to shareholders of the parent
      company of RMB12.931 billion; the non-performing loan ratio was 1.36%. All operating indicators were generally in
      line with expectations, demonstrating strong development resilience.

      This year, we took root towards “depth”, and served the overall situation powerfully and effectively. We
      comprehensively launched a new round of action of “Deepening the Development in Zhejiang”, thoroughly fulfilled
      the major task of “serving Zhejiang, serving Zhejiang merchants, and serving Zhejiang people”, and steadily
      promoted the “Three Doublings”. Centering on the decisions and deployments of the Provincial Party Committee
      and Provincial Government, the total volume of financing services provided to the whole province was nearly
      RMB1.2 trillion, and 2/3 of the new credit throughout the year was invested in the province. Deposits in the
      province exceeded RMB630 billion, ranking the first among the 12 joint-stock banks. The cumulative underwriting
      of non-financial bonds and local government bonds continued to rank among the top of peers. The coverage,
                               Annual Report 2025   005




                    Chairman’s Statement




Mr. Chen Haiqiang
Chairman
006    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Chairman’s Statement


      depth, and influence of cooperation with governments at all levels were significantly improved, and we were
      awarded the first prize in the comprehensive evaluation of supporting Zhejiang’s economic and social development
      for 10 consecutive years.

      This year, we accumulated momentum towards “distance”, and continued to deepen reform and innovation.
      We initiated the formulation of the 5th Five-Year Plan, systematically laid out the development strategy for the next
      stage, stayed committed to the blueprint, and worked steadily to deliver on it. We stayed committed to self-reform,
      conducted a thorough review of existing problems, took building a strong head office as our “core engine”, built a
      “standardized, refined, empowered, systematic, and scientific” management system, and created a powerful head
      office that integrates strategic leadership, empowerment, and oversight. We further improved corporate governance
      and the internal control system, embedded compliance review and management audit into the business decision-
      making process, built off-site management platforms for three major areas, and improved management and control
      efficiency. We strengthened the construction of AI application capabilities, accelerated the implementation of the
      “replacing core system to consolidate our foundation” project, advanced the three-year action for data governance,
      and actively embraced the new opportunities of technological revolution.

      This year, we gathered towards the “heart”, and jointly built a community with a shared future for CZBank.
      We advocated the value philosophy of “striver-oriented”, and inspired the entire bank to forge ahead through the
      stories of “CZBank Pioneers”. We created a good atmosphere of “taking the bank as home and taking the bank as
      pride”, and the whole bank thought with one mind, worked with one heart, and twisted into one rope. We deeply
      built “a bank favored by young people” and “the advocate and practitioner of happy life”, held the “818 CZBank
      Culture Week”, and permeated every corner with “Literary CZBank”. We established a cadre and talent system
      mainly based on internal cultivation, strengthened the leadership construction of executives, and improved the
      training mechanism for young talents and professional talents, which enhanced cohesion and combat effectiveness
      across the Bank.

      Looking ahead to the “15th Five-Year Plan”, the impact of changes in the external environment will continue to
      deepen, major power relations will affect the international situation, and the evolution of the international situation
      will profoundly influence domestic development. Our country’s development is in a period where strategic
      opportunities and risk challenges coexist, and uncertain and unpredictable factors are increasing. The new
      leadership team of CZBank will unite and lead all managements and employees of the bank, resolutely implement
      the various decisions and deployments of the Provincial Party Committee and Provincial Government, and
      follow the operating laws of commercial banks. We will maintain strategic resolve, recognize, adapt to, and seek
      changes, and enhance our confidence in victory. We will consolidate and expand our advantages, break through
      bottleneck constraints, and strengthen our weak links. Through arduous, united, and unremitting efforts, we will
      win the strategic initiative in market competition, respond to various external uncertainties with the certainty of our
      own high-quality development, and spare no effort to break new ground for high-quality development with a new
      look and new actions. We will always anchor the vision of building “a first-class commercial bank”. We adhere to
      the strengthening of the Party’s leadership as the fundamental guarantee, take “Deepening the Development in
      Zhejiang” and serving the real economy as our foothold, take reform and innovation and improving governance as
      the fundamental path, and regard risk prevention and safe development as bottom-line requirements. We adhere
      to the principles of developing the bank through refined management, upgrading the bank through quality service,
      invigorating the bank through technological innovation, and strengthening the bank through talent cultivation.
      As a committed long-termist, we will better play a strategic supporting role in serving the modern industrial
      system and the construction of a strong financial nation, and make important contributions to advancing Chinese
      modernization.
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025    007




                                                                              President’s Statement


Time engraves the course of our struggle, and development witnesses the power of our original aspiration. 2025 is
the concluding year of the “Fourth Five-Year” Plan of CZBank. Based on the critical juncture of cycle transition and
new strategic layout, we deeply practiced the five-word action guidelines of “stability, progress, innovation, reform,
and excellence”, navigated through cycles with a steady and progressive posture, and scientifically responded with
long-term strategies, demonstrating strong resilience in our operating results. The Group’s total assets approached
RMB3.5 trillion, and the business scale made steady progress; the annual net interest margin was 1.60%, with the
decline significantly narrowing; the non-performing loan ratio was 1.36%, and asset quality continued to maintain a
stabilizing and improving trend.

Uphold the fundamental nature of finance, deepen the development in Zhejiang, and demonstrate our
responsibility by serving the real economy. We have always taken serving the real economy as our fundamental
purpose, deeply embodied the political nature and people-centered orientation of financial work, fully aligned with
the overall development strategy, and strived to provide high-quality and efficient financial services to society. In
2025, we effectively implemented the “Five Finance” initiative, continuously increased support for major national
strategies, key areas, and weak links in the national economy, and built a competitive business matrix covering
sci-tech innovation finance and supply chain finance. Adhering to a Zhejiang-based and steady development
approach, we fully launched a new round of the three-year action plan for “Deepening Development in Zhejiang,”
and fully served Zhejiang Province, enterprises rooted in Zhejiang, and the people of Zhejiang. The total volume
of financing services in Zhejiang Province reached nearly RMB1.2 trillion, and we have won the First Prize for
Supporting Zhejiang’s Economic and Social Development for 10 consecutive years. We have strived to be a loyal
force for the Party committee and government and a pacesetter in policy implementation. Focusing on key areas
such as technological innovation, stabilizing foreign trade, and boosting consumption, we have introduced targeted
measures to ensure that policies directly benefit the real economy and people’s well-being. In the new year, we will
consolidate the foundation of our strategic positioning, focus on priorities to serve the overall situation, concentrate
on key areas and major customer groups, strengthen characteristic and comprehensive operations, and build
distinctive competitive advantages through customized products and differentiated services.

Build a solid risk defense line, strictly uphold the compliance bottom line, and safeguard steady and
long-term development through prudent operation. We have always taken risk prevention and control as an
enduring theme and compliance in operation as a fundamental requirement, and firmly implemented a “prudent
and steady” risk appetite as well as the risk philosophy of “low risk and balanced returns”. In 2025, we adhered
to the principle of “risk priority”, strengthened forward-looking analysis and judgment on key regions, industries,
sectors and customers, strictly controlled the credit approval threshold, and enhanced credit review and monitoring
to prevent the emergence of large-amount new risks. We remained committed to defusing risks in the course
of development, accelerated the resolution of existing stock risks, intensified the disposal of non-performing
assets, and maintained a downward trend in the non-performing loan ratio. We further improved our risk
management systems and mechanisms, put in place an independent, balanced, vertical and professional risk
review system, refined the accountability system, enhanced the risk management mechanism for small enterprises,
and continuously strengthened institutional safeguards. We deepened the philosophy that “compliance is the
foundation”, prioritized system development and advance compliance, stepped up systematic rectification of issues
identified in internal and external inspections, and strived to foster a strong risk and compliance culture. In the new
year, we will consolidate the foundation of risk control and compliance, focus on controlling increments, mitigating
existing stock, optimizing mechanisms, and shaping concepts, operate prudently under the premise of controllable
risks, and conduct businesses in compliance within the regulatory purview.
008     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      President’s Statement




      Mr. Lyu Linhua
      President
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025    009




                                                                                  President’s Statement


Strengthen the guidance of Party building, deepen management reform, and consolidate the foundation to
gather momentum for development. We have always taken the leadership of the Party as the “compass” to set
direction and oversee overall work, and regarded management reform as the “booster” to drive implementation and
promote development, gathering a powerful synergy of shared goals from top to bottom and coordinated efforts
internally and externally. In 2025, we conducted in-depth study and education programs to fully implement the spirit
of the Eight Rules of the Central Government and continued to improve the political ecosystem. We accelerated
the compilation of the new round of five-year development plan, systematically outlining the development ideas
for the next stage. We fully launched the “Strong Head Office” initiative to build a powerful head office that equally
emphasizes leadership, empowerment, and management control. We accelerated the implementation of the
“core reconstruction and foundation enhancement” project, and continuously strengthened AI empowerment. We
advocated the ethos of “treating the Bank as home and taking pride in the Bank”, intensified the construction
of the talent pipeline and independent training, and formed an employment orientation where “the capable are
promoted, the mediocre are demoted, and the inferior are eliminated”. In the new year, we will consolidate the
internal management foundation, adhere to problem-oriented and goal-oriented approaches, comprehensively
deepen reforms, and further enhance the quality and efficiency of operation and management.

Those who observe trends are clear-sighted, those who follow trends are wise, and only those who harness trends
can seize development opportunities. Standing at a new historical starting point, only by accurately recognizing
changes, scientifically responding to changes, and proactively seeking changes can we make precise moves in
serving the real economy, hold the bottom line when facing risks and challenges, and steer the right course in the
tide of era transformations. In 2026, we will firmly practice developing the bank through management, upgrading
the bank through service, invigorating the bank through technology, and strengthening the bank through talent,
persist in providing comprehensive financial services with a customer-centric approach, accumulate strength while
consolidating foundations, and break through obstacles while deepening reforms. With the power of finance, we
will serve the needs of the country, respond to the expectations of the people, and contribute our financial strength
to Chinese-style modernization.
010        China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Company Profile


      1.        Company name in Chinese:                           浙商銀行股份有限公司(Abbreviation in Chinese: 浙商銀行)
                Company name in English:                           CHINA ZHESHANG BANK CO., LTD. (Abbreviation in
                                                                    English: CZBANK)

      2.        Legal Representative1:                             Chen Haiqiang

      3.        Registered address:                                No. 1788, Hongning Road, Xiaoshan District, Hangzhou,
                                                                     Zhejiang Province, the PRC
                Postcode:                                          311200
                Principal office address:                          No. 1 Minxin Road, Shangcheng District, Hangzhou,
                                                                     Zhejiang Province, the PRC
                Postcode:                                          310020
                E-mail:                                            ir@czbank.com
                Website:                                           www.czbank.com
                Customer service and complaint hotline:            95527
                Tel for investor relations management:             86-571-88268966
                Fax:                                               86-571-87659826

      4.        Principal place of business in Hong Kong:          15/F, Three Exchange Square, No. 8 Connaught Place,
                                                                     Central, Hong Kong, the PRC

      5.        Authorized representatives:                        Chen Haiqiang, Luo Feng

      6.        Secretary to the Board:                            Luo Feng
                Joint Company Secretaries:                         Luo Feng, Chan Yin Wah
                Representative of securities affairs:              Chen Ning

      7.        A Shares
                Stock exchange where the securities are            Shanghai Stock Exchange
                  listed:
                Stock abbreviation:                                CZBANK
                Stock code:                                        601916

                H Shares
                Stock exchange where the securities are            Hong Kong Stock Exchange
                  listed:
                Stock abbreviation:                                CZBANK
                Stock code:                                        2016




      Note 1: On February 13, 2026, the qualification of Mr. Chen Haiqiang to serve as the Chairman was approved by the National
              Financial Regulatory Administration. In accordance with the Articles of Association, the Chairman serves as the Bank’s
              Legal Representative, and the change of registration with the market supervision authorities has not yet been completed
              as of the publication date of this annual report.
                                                                                           Annual Report 2025   011




                                                                                  Company Profile


8.    Share registrar:
      A Shares:                                    China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation
                                                    Limited Shanghai Branch
                                                   No. 188 South Yanggao Road, Pudong New Area,
                                                    Shanghai, the PRC

      H Shares:                                    Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
                                                   Shops 1712-1716, 17/F, Hopewell Center, 183 Queen’s
                                                     Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong, the PRC

9.    Legal advisers:
      As to Mainland China Laws:                   Zhejiang T&C Law Firm
      As to Hong Kong Laws:                        Freshfields



10.   Accounting firms engaged by the Company:
      Domestic auditor:                        KPMG Huazhen LLP
                                               Office address: 8/F, Tower E2, Oriental Plaza, 1 East
                                                 Chang’an Avenue, Dongcheng District, Beijing, PRC
                                               Signing certified accountants: Pan Sheng, Jin Rui

      International auditor:                       KPMG
                                                   Office address: 8/F, Prince’s Building, 10 Chater Road,
                                                     Central, Hong Kong, the PRC

11.   Newspapers and websites designated for
       information disclosure:
      Mainland China:                              China Securities Journal, Shanghai Securities News,
                                                     Securities Times and Securities Daily
                                                   Website of the Shanghai Stock Exchange (www.sse.com.cn)
                                                   Website of the Company (www.czbank.com)
      Hong Kong:                                   Website of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (www.hkex.com.hk)
                                                   Website of the Company (www.czbank.com)
      Place for inspection of the annual report:   Office of the Board of the Company
                                                   (No. 1 Minxin Road, Shangcheng District, Hangzhou,
                                                     Zhejiang Province, the PRC)

12.   Other information about the Company:         Uniform social credit code: 91330000761336668H
                                                   Financial institution license serial number:
                                                     B0010H133010001
                                                   Registration date: July 26, 2004
012    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Corporate Overview


      As one of the twelve nationwide joint-stock commercial banks, CZBank officially commenced business on August
      18, 2004, with its head office in Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province. CZBank is an “A+H” listed bank and a domestic
      systemically important bank in China. Since its establishment, CZBank has maintained a foothold in Zhejiang while
      adopting a global vision. The bank has been committed to serving national strategies, providing high-quality and
      efficient financial services to society, and has grown into a sound commercial bank with solid fundamentals, strong
      profitability and prudent risk management.

      Anchoring the development vision of being “a first-class commercial bank”, CZBank has always adhered to taking
      the comprehensive strengthening of the Party’s leadership as the fundamental guarantee, taking Deepening the
      Development in Zhejiang and serving the real economy as the foothold, taking reform and innovation and refining
      governance as the basic path, and taking risk prevention and safe development as the bottom-line requirement.
      We thoroughly practice the strategies of developing the bank through management, improving the Bank through
      services, prospering the Bank through technology, and strengthening the Bank through talents, continuously build
      distinctive competitive advantages, systematically consolidate the foundation for steady development, and embark
      on a new journey of high-quality development in all respects.

      In 2025, CZBank’s operating income was RMB62.558 billion, representing a decrease of 7.60% over last year;
      net profit attributable to shareholders of the Bank was RMB12.931 billion, representing a decrease of 14.85%
      over last year. As at the end of the reporting period, total assets were RMB3.48 trillion, representing an increase
      of 4.68% compared with the end of last year, of which: total loans and advances to customers were RMB1.92
      trillion, representing an increase of 3.53% compared with the end of last year; total liabilities were RMB3.27 trillion,
      representing an increase of 4.83% compared with the end of last year, of which: the balance of customer deposits
      was RMB2.04 trillion, representing an increase of 6.30% compared with the end of last year. The non-performing
      loan ratio was 1.36%, and allowance to non-performing loans was 155.37%.

      CZBank has established 373 branch outlets in 22 provinces (autonomous regions or municipalities directly under
      the Central Government) and the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, effectively covering key areas such
      as Zhejiang, where its headquarters are located, the Yangtze River Delta, and the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao
      Greater Bay Area. It controls two subsidiaries, namely Zheyin Financial Leasing and CZB Wealth Management. In
      the “Top 1000 World Banks 2025” ranking by The Banker, U.K., CZBank ranked 82nd in terms of tier-one capital.
      China Chengxin International granted CZBank the highest AAA corporate credit rating among financial institutions,
      while S&P and Moody’s granted CZBank a “investment grade” in the international rating.
                                                                                            Annual Report 2025   013




                   Development Strategies and Core Competitiveness


(I)   Development Strategies
1.    Vision, Mission and Culture
      Vision: To build a first-class commercial bank

      Mission: Strive to provide high-quality and efficient financial services to society

      Culture: See deeds, feel hearts, envision the future

2.    Guiding Principles.
      Guided by the Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era, we deeply
      implement the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress and all plenary sessions of the 20th CPC Central
      Committee, fully implement General Secretary Xi Jinping’s important expositions on financial work,
      adhere to the strengthening of the Party’s leadership as the fundamental guarantee, take “Deepening
      the Development in Zhejiang” and serving the real economy as our starting point and ultimate goal, take
      reform and innovation and improving governance as the fundamental path, and regard risk prevention
      and safe development as bottom-line requirements. We adhere to the principles of “developing the
      bank through refined management, upgrading the bank through quality service, invigorating the bank
      through technological innovation, and strengthening the bank through talent cultivation”. As a committed
      long-termist, we will continuously enhance CZBank’s core competitiveness and brand influence, better
      play a strategic supporting role in the construction of a strong financial province, and make important
      contributions to achieving decisive progress in the high-quality development and construction of the
      demonstration zone for common prosperity and taking the lead in presenting a vivid picture of basically
      realizing socialist modernization.
014    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Development Strategies and Core Competitiveness


      3.       Strategic Goals
               To build a high-quality commercial bank with sound governance, adequate capital, standard
               management, controllable risks, outstanding core competitiveness, and significant brand influence.

      4.       Strategic Path
               To strive to achieve our vision, mission, and strategic goals, we will unswervingly follow the four strategic
               paths over the next five years: developing the bank through refined management, upgrading the bank
               through quality service, invigorating the bank through technological innovation, and strengthening the
               bank through talent cultivation, comprehensively breaking new journey for high-quality development.

      (II)     Core Competitiveness
               1.        Developing the bank through refined management – Strengthen systematic management
                         capabilities. Comprehensively build a “standardized, refined, empowered, systematic, and
                         scientific” management system, continuously improve a comprehensive institutional system
                         with clear powers and responsibilities, standardized processes, and strong execution,
                         and build a dynamic updating mechanism of “establishing, modifying, and abolishing” the
                         institutional system. Strengthen the head office’s capabilities in leadership, empowerment, and
                         oversight, implement the main responsibilities of branches for operational development such
                         as customers, business, efficiency, and quality, promote sub-branches to consolidate basic
                         management and strengthen execution, and achieve the integrated development of “building
                         a strong head office, optimizing branches, and consolidating sub-branches”. Coordinate and
                         improve resource allocation and incentive mechanisms, and arrange long-term plans in five
                         aspects: customer base, risk, structure, efficiency, and scale from a systems perspective.

               2.        Upgrading the bank through quality service – Build a customer-centric integrated service
                         system. Adhere to the service positioning of “Deepening the Development in Zhejiang”, linkage
                         between corporate and financial markets, and serving the modern industrial system, and
                         establish the service concept of “thinking what you think, accompanying you forward”. Carry
                         out comprehensive customer operations, build bank-wide industry research capabilities, create
                         a “three-in-one” service system of customers, products, and teams, and form differentiated and
                         characteristic service brands such as CZBank supply chain, Zheyin Financial Leasing, CZBank
                         science and technology innovation, financial market of CZBank, CZBank cross-border, CZBank
                         wealth, CZBank trading, and CZBank non-financial. Deeply cultivate the service culture of “the
                         head office serving branches, the middle and back offices serving the front office, leaders
                         serving employees, and the whole bank serving development”, and reshape the comprehensive
                         service capabilities of being “customer-centric”.
                                                                                      Annual Report 2025    015




                   Development Strategies and Core Competitiveness


3.   Invigorating the bank through technological innovation – Maintain a relatively leading position
     among peers. Strengthen the basic support of technology, fully promote the construction of a
     new core system, improve the data governance system, and build a data management system
     and capabilities superior to the industry average. Closely focusing on the needs of business
     efficiency enhancement, management quality improvement, and customer satisfaction,
     promote the deep integration of technology and operation management, and comprehensively
     empower management decision-making and business implementation. Systematically build an
     AI infrastructure system, deepen the large-scale implementation of AI scenario applications in
     marketing, risk control, product services, and other fields, and strengthen the leading role of
     technology in business.

4.   Strengthening the bank through talent cultivation – Strengthen professional and expert
     governance. Firmly establish the employment orientation of “having both ability and political
     integrity, being recognized by the masses, focusing on actual performance, matching people
     with positions, and tiered training”, vigorously create the value concept of a “striver-oriented
     philosophy”, continuously optimize the talent development environment, and improve the
     talent incentive and growth mechanism, so that all kinds of talents can fully display their
     talents without distractions. Establish a distinct orientation giving priority to internal training,
     strengthen the reserve of excellent cadres and talents, steadily promote tiered and classified
     training, solidly advance the reform of the position sequence system, and establish more
     abundant professional sequence channels step by step. We will coordinate bank-wide research
     resources, and implement the bank-wide industry research “132N Five Policies in One” working
     mechanism, to provide professional support for the whole bank’s operation.
016     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Five Finances
      The Company thoroughly executes the decisions and deployment of the CPC Central Committee and the State
      Council, fully implements the spirit of the Central Financial Work Conference. We deeply understand the political and
      people-oriented nature of financial work, strengthen organizational leadership, formulate work plans, intensify the
      resource allocation, and optimize financial products and services. We continuously enhance our support to major
      national strategies, key areas and vulnerable areas in the national economy, and ensure to effectively carry out “Five
      Finances” of finance, promoting the high-quality development of the real economy.




               Technology Finance
               The Company closely follows the pace of the national strategy, fully promotes the development of new productive
               forces, establishes a distinctive sci-tech financial service system underpinned by its talent pool, and has seen a
               sustainable increase in the number of science and technology-based enterprises served and the scale of financing
               provided. The Company has rolled out the Science for Good Companionship Plan as a dedicated sci-tech finance
               development initiative, built a professional sci-tech finance team, and developed a tailored evaluation mechanism.
               We have iteratively upgraded 30 major exclusive product lines covering 15 key sci-tech finance scenarios.
               Focusing on key industries including biomedicine, integrated circuits, aerospace, and artificial intelligence, we
               have actively supported a large number of technology enterprises and continuously strengthened financial support
               for priority sci-tech sectors. By the end of 2025, the balance of sci-tech loans1 of the Company amounted to RMB
               270.807 billion.




               Green Finance
               The Company actively supports green and low-carbon development by issuing the “CZB Green Finance
               Development Strategy and Implementation Outline” to establish a green finance organizational framework system,
               clarify strategic objectives and implementation path, and contribute to the comprehensive green transformation
               of economic and social development and the construction of a beautiful China. The Company continuously
               strengthens policy guidance for green finance by launching “green factory loans” and “transition finance loans”,
               actively explores environmental rights pledge financing, strengthens the categorization management and dynamic
               assessment of customers’ ESG (environmental, social and governance) risks, and continues to increase financial
               support for green, low-carbon, circular economy and biodiversity initiatives. By the end of 2025, the balance of
               green loans of the Company amounted to RMB256.835 billion, representing an increase of 8.01% compared with
               that at the end of last year.




      Note1: The relevant indicators of the “Five Finances” for the current period have been adjusted in accordance with the “Notice of
             the General Office of the People’s Bank of China on the Statistical Work of ‘Five Finances’” (Yin Ban Fa [2025] No. 66), and
             the relevant comparative figures are also in accordance with the new standards.
                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025   017




          Inclusive Finance
          The Company continues to enhance its inclusive financial service capacity, improves risk management systems
          and mechanisms, promotes the transformation of inclusive financial services into digitalization and scenario-
          based services, actively supports rural revitalization, and promotes the high-quality development of inclusive
          financial services. It actively implements the coordination mechanism for financing of small and micro foreign trade
          enterprises, providing full support for their stable development. Focusing on service scenarios such as small and
          micro enterprise parks and individually business operators, it delivers comprehensive financial services to small
          and micro enterprise clients, continues to intensify financial support for private, small-and micro-enterprises and
          individually business operators, and effectively addresses the practical difficulties of small and micro enterprises.
          By the end of 2025, the balance of loans to key inclusive sectors of the Company amounted to RMB358.198
          billion, representing an increase of 0.30% compared with that at the end of last year. The balance of agriculture-
          related loans1 amounted to RMB175.300 billion, representing an increase of 3.06% compared with that at the end
          of last year.




          Aging Finance
          In response to the national strategy for addressing population aging, the Company has issued the “CZB Aging
          Finance Development Strategy and Implementation Outline”, and launched the “Golden Life, Silver Joy” ( 金
          桂 人 生 銀 發 樂 享 ) aging finance brand. By catering to the diverse needs of the silver-haired customer base, it
          integrates financial products with non-financial services through dedicated products, benefits, services, activities
          and channels to enhance service quality and efficiency for them. The Company has promoted ageing-friendly
          renovation across all channels, upgraded ageing-friendly hardware facilities to meet local needs, set up special
          care service window, created “warmth stations” and revamped the “senior-friendly edition” of its mobile banking
          app. It has actively promoted third-pillar pension insurance, opened a total of 303,900 individual pension fund
          accounts with a total deposit of RMB387 million, and strengthened cooperation with insurance companies with
          retained amount of commercial pension products of RMB1.793 billion. The Company has steadily advanced
          financial development in the aging industry, with its balance of loans in the aging industry amounting to RMB1.039
          billion by the end of 2025, representing a significant increase as compared with last year.




          Digital Finance
          The Company has steadily advanced its digital transformation, and enhanced digital operation and service
          capabilities to drive innovation and quality improvement in the digital economy. It has comprehensively
          implemented the “replacing core system to consolidate our foundation” project, orderly promoted the construction
          of new-generation core systems, systematically enhanced data governance level, accelerated the release of
          data asset value, and established a full-process digital risk management system to consolidate the base of
          digital finance. The Company has actively promoted scenario-based service innovation, delivering a series of
          representative digital finance application achievements. In particular, it has focused on financial services for
          small and micro enterprise parks, and launched digital applications such as the smart park platform, providing
          tailored comprehensive financial services to park operators and those enterprises in the park. Focusing on supply
          chain finance scenarios, the Company has iteratively optimized multiple supply chain finance platforms including
          electronic certificates for accounts receivable. As at the end of 2025, it had formed differentiated solutions in
          key industries such as electric power, energy, new energy automobile, and modern communications, and had
          cumulatively provided financing of more than RMB1.1 trillion, served more than 4,000 core enterprises, and
          extended services to more than 98,000 upstream and downstream enterprises.



Note1:    Starting from 2025, the Company’s agriculture-related loans have been calculated in accordance with the revised new
         standards specified in the “Notice of the Survey and Statistics Department of the People’s Bank of China on Issuing
         the Revised Content of Financial Statistics for Financial Institutions in 2024” (Yin Diao Fa [2024] No. 2), and the relevant
         comparative figures are also in accordance with the new standards.
018        China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




         Deepening Zhejiang development

         Main indicators in Zhejiang Province                                         Main achievements

                                                                                       01

                                                                                           Provided forceful and effective
                                                                                           services for the overall development
       Total financing services              Deposit balance                               of the province.

      RMB  1,175.5 billion               RMB   633.3 billion                               By the end of 2025, the total amount of
                                                                                           financing services in the province reached
       increased by      15.19%         increased by       12.17%                          RMB1,175.5 billion, representing an increase
                                                                                           of RMB155.0 billion over the beginning of
                                                                                           the year, with additional financing from major
                                                                                           projects of RMB10.6 billion. More than
                                                                                           30 targeted measures were introduced to
                                                                                           focus on key initiatives such as the “415X”
                                                                                           advanced manufacturing cluster construction
                                                                                           and co nsumption tra nsformation and
                                                                                           upgrading. It has been awarded the first
            Loan balance                 Small and micro loans                             prize for supporting the economic and social
                                         under inclusive finance                           development of Zhejiang for 10 consecutive
            661.4 billion                                                                  years, and the “Most Satisfactory Bank for
                                              144.3 billion
       RMB
                                        RMB                                                Private Enterprises” for 6 consecutive years.
       increased by      7.56%
                                        increased by       1.41%




                                                                                                Continuously strengthened
                                                                                                cooperation with government
              Green loan                Loans to manufacturing                                  departments at all levels.
                                              industries
             105.1 billion
                                                                                                It has signed agreements with 20 provincial-
       RMB                                                                                      level units, continuously strengthened
       increased by       5.10%         RMB   127.9 billion                                     systematic cooperation with the provincial
                                                                                                Department of Economics and Information
                                        increased by       3.81%
                                                                                                Technology, Department of Commerce,
                                                                                                Market Supervision Administration and
                                                                                                Government Offices Administration. The
                                                                                                contract coverage rate with district and
                                                                                                county governments reached 86.59%,
                                                                                                representing an increase of 19.92 percentage
                                                                                                points over the beginning of the year. It newly
       Agricultural-related loan1                                                               acquired 102 types of dedicated qualification
                                                                                                accounts, achieving full coverage of housing
         RMB  98.6 billion                                                                      fund loan qualifications across all cities within
                                                                                                the province, and successful connections
       increased by       5.12%                                                                 with the provincial civil servant payroll
                                                                                                management system and the Provincial High
                                                                                                Court’s intelligent bankruptcy adjudication
                                                                                                and the case payment system.


                                                                                            02


         Note1: Starting from 2025, the Company’s agriculture-related loans have been calculated in accordance with the revised new
                standards specified in the “Notice of the Survey and Statistics Department of the People’s Bank of China on Issuing
                the Revised Content of Financial Statistics for Financial Institutions in 2024” (Yin Diao Fa [2024] No. 2), and the relevant
                comparative figures are also in accordance with the new standards.
                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025      019




                                                                                        06
                                         05                                              Enhanced service quality and expanded
                                                                                         coverage for customer groups.
03                                          Market position has                          By the end of 2025, the basic customers,
                                            significantly improved.                      small and micro enterprise customers and
                                                                                         retail customers in the province amounted to
 Deepening development                      By the end of 2025, the
                                            balance of all deposits                      65,000, 83,000 and 5.23 million respectively,
 extended into county-                                                                   representing an increase of 21.35%, 30.02%
                                            and loans in the province
 level areas.                               reached RMB633.3                             and 31.12% over the beginning of the year,
 By the end of 2025, the                    billion and RMB661.4                         respectively. It served nearly 15,000 upstream
 comprehensive financial                    b i l l i o n re s p e c t i v e l y, a n    and downstream supply chain enterprises in
 ecosystem coverage rate in                 increase of RMB68.7                          Zhejiang Province, and provided services to
 county-level areas within the              billion and RMB46.5 billion                  approximately 11,000 Zhejiang-based overseas
 province reached 85.71%,                   re s p e c t i v e l y, c o m p a re d       enterprises, providing foreign exchange trading
 representing an increase of                with the beginning of the                    services exceeding US$45 billion.
 40.48 percentage points over               year, with both growth rates
 the beginning of the year,                 outperforming the joint-
 and achieved full coverage of              stock peers.
 districts and counties under
 6 cities and municipalities
 including Hangzhou and
 Ningbo. It launched the
 “government services in
 the hall” ( 政 務 服 務 進 廳 堂 )
 initiative, and 11 high-frequency
 services including housing fund                                                                  Digital service capabilities
 contributions, ID card renewals
 and business license issuance                                                                    continued to strengthen.
 have been implemented.                                                                           It actively aligned with digital service
                                                                                                  demands across all levels of government,
                                                                                                  and has implemented various digital
                                                                                                  government service projects. It continued
                                                                                                  to enhance the effectiveness of digital
                                                                                                  applications, and the “comprehensive
                                                                                                  digital supply chain finance service
                                                                                                  platform” was selected as an outstanding
                                                                                                  case of the 2025 Zhejiang National Digital
      Supporting the construction of a demonstration zone for                                     Economy Innovation and Development
      common prosperity with precision and effectiveness.                                         Pilot Zone, being the only banking
                                                                                                  institution on the list.
      It has deepened tailored services for mountainous and island counties
      through the “one county, one policy” approach, implementing in-depth
      paired assistance for Suichang County in Lishui and Longyou County
      in Quzhou. By the end of 2025, the balance of loans in mountainous
                                                                                             07
      and island counties amounted to RMB60.2 billion, with a growth rate
      of 24.55%. It has developed scenario-based service solutions for
      distinctive clusters in mountainous and island counties, such as the
      edible fungus cluster in Longquan, Lishui, the green crab common
      prosperity loan cluster in Sanmen, Taizhou, and the high-altitude
      fruit and vegetable common prosperity loan cluster in Wencheng,
      Wenzhou. By the end of 2025, it has supported 35 distinctive industrial
      clusters in mountainous and island counties. Industrial assistance
      was provided to over 10 villages, including Xiajiang Village in Chun’an
      County, Hangzhou, and Xijia Village in Longyou County, Quzhou, to
      boost added value and expand sales channels, contributing financial
      support to rural revitalization.


     04
020   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Honors and Awards




                     The Banker, magazine of the UK                                      MSCI



                    82nd in the “Top 1000 World                           “AAA” in MSCI ESG rating
                       Banks 2025” ranking

                                                                            Thirteen departments, including the
                      Eight ministries and commissions, including the       Ministry of Industry and Information
                      State Administration for Market Regulation, the     Technology, the People’s Bank of China
                    National Development and Reform Commission, the        and the National Financial Regulatory
                    Ministry of Finance and the People’s Bank of China                 Administration


                           Corporate Standards                                Typical Cases of
                                “Leader”                                  Cybersecurity Technology
                                                                                Applications

                                                                          Zhejiang Provincial Committee of the
                     Zhejiang Provincial Committee of the                 Communist Party of China, People’s
                    Communist Party of China and People’s                 Government of Zhejiang Province and
                      Government of Zhejiang Province                      Military Region in Zhejiang Province


                      The 8th “Zhejiang Charity                             Patriotic and Military-
                               Award”                                    Supporting Model Collective
                                                                            in Zhejiang Province


                           People’s Bank of China,                          China Central Depository &
                              Zhejiang Branch                                   Clearing Co., Ltd.

                      Most Satisfactory Bank for                         “Outstanding ABS Originator”
                         Private Enterprises                              at the China Debt Member
                                                                            Business Development
                                                                               Quality Evaluation

                           China Foreign Exchange                          Zhejiang Provincial Finance &
                                Trade System                                      Trading Unions

                     Market Innovation Business                             Honorary title of “Most
                       Institution（Inter-bank                                 Beautiful Station”
                        Deposits by CFETS）
                                                                Annual Report 2025   021




                                                Honors and Awards




         Sina Finance                Economic Observer



Outstanding Bank in Inclusive     2025 Private Bank Star
     Finance of the Year



 China Bank Insurance Journal      Securities Market Weekly



   Outstanding Case in          2025 Listed Companies ESG
   Financial Consumer               Crystal Ball Awards
  Protection and Service
        Innovation

         China Times                   Securities Times



 2025 Outstanding Case in        Tianji Award of Regional
  Smart Pension Finance          Influence Bank in 2025



     Economic Observer           21st Century Business Herald



 The Leading Bank of the        Financial Competitiveness
    Year for Financial              Outstanding Case
Innovation in Supply Chain


     People’s Daily Online          SSE•Golden Wealth
                                 Management (上證•金理財 )

   Cases of Innovative             Annual Fixed-Income
Practices in Building China          Product Award
      into a Financial
    Powerhouse 2025
022    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Financial Summary


      (The financial data and indicators set forth in this annual report are prepared in accordance with the International
      Financial Reporting Accounting Standards, are consolidated data of the Bank and its subsidiaries and presented in
      RMB, unless otherwise specified.)




                              Total assets                                               Net profit
                         In 100 millions of RMB                                     In 100 millions of RMB


                                                        34,810.92                          154.93     156.93
                                            33,255.39
                                31,438.79                                       139.89                         135.61
                                                                      129.16
                    26,219.30
        22,867.23




           2021       2022        2023        2024        2025          2021     2022       2023       2024    2025




                        Operating income                                       Net non-interest income
                         In 100 millions of RMB                                     In 100 millions of RMB


                                                                                                      225.45
                                             677.02
                     611.52      637.64                  625.58                                                180.99
                                                                                           162.36
         545.84                                                                 140.90
                                                                      126.32




           2021       2022        2023        2024        2025         2021      2022       2023        2024    2025
                                                                                Annual Report 2025   023




                                                                    Financial Summary




            Operating expenses                             Cost-to-income ratio (%)
              In 100 millions of RMB



                                219.28   220.49                                         34.04
                    201.59                                          30.43    31.16
                                                            27.77
           176.68                                 25.50
147.72




 2021       2022      2023        2024    2025    2021      2022    2023     2024        2025




        Non-performing loan ratio (%)             Allowance to non-performing loans (%)


 1.53       1.47                                           182.19   182.60
                      1.44        1.38            174.61                     178.67
                                          1.36
                                                                                       155.37




 2021       2022      2023        2024    2025     2021     2022     2023     2024       2025
024     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Financial Summary



      Key Financial Data and Indicators
                                                           2025        2024        2023        2022        2021


      Operating results (RMB million)
      Operating income                                   62,558      67,702      63,764      61,152      54,584
      Profit before taxation                             16,129      17,579      17,492      15,831      14,981
      Net profit attributable to shareholders of the
        Bank                                             12,931      15,186      15,048      13,618      12,648


      Scale indicators (at the end of the
        reporting period, RMB million)
      Total assets                                     3,481,092   3,325,539   3,143,879   2,621,930   2,286,723
      Total loans and advances to customers            1,922,711   1,857,116   1,716,240   1,525,030   1,347,239
      Total liabilities                                3,273,757   3,122,796   2,954,302   2,456,000   2,119,840
      Customer deposits                                2,043,466   1,922,289   1,868,659   1,681,443   1,415,705
      Equity attributable to shareholders of the
        Bank                                            202,868     198,903     186,245     162,933     164,169


      Per share (RMB)
      Net assets per share at the end of the period
        attributable to shareholders of the Bank(1)         6.48        6.33        5.87        6.49        5.84
      Basic earnings per share attributable to
        shareholders of the Bank(2)                         0.44        0.52        0.57        0.53        0.53
      Diluted earnings per share attributable to
        shareholders of the Bank                            0.44        0.52        0.57        0.53        0.53


      Profitability indicators (%)
      Return on average total assets(3)                    0.40        0.49        0.54        0.57        0.60
      Weighted average return on net assets (4)            6.80        8.49        9.45        9.01        9.83
      Net interest margin                                  1.60        1.71        2.01        2.21        2.27
      Net interest spread                                  1.46        1.52        1.81        2.02        2.07
      Net non-interest income to operating income         28.93       33.30       25.46       23.04       23.14
      Cost-to-income ratio(5)                             34.04       31.16       30.43       27.77       25.50


      Asset quality indicators (%)
      Non-performing loan ratio(6)                         1.36        1.38        1.44        1.47        1.53
      Allowance to non-performing loans(7)               155.37      178.67      182.60      182.19      174.61
      Allowance to total loans(7)                          2.11        2.46        2.63        2.67        2.68


      Capital adequacy indicators (%)
      Core tier-one capital adequacy ratio(8)              8.40        8.38        8.22        8.05        8.13
      Tier-one capital adequacy ratio(8)                   9.60        9.61        9.52        9.54       10.80
      Capital adequacy ratio(8)                           12.12       12.61       12.19       11.60       12.89
                                                                                                              Annual Report 2025      025




                                                                                               Financial Summary


Notes:

(1)   Net assets per share attributable to shareholders of the Bank = (Equity attributable to shareholders of the Bank minus other
      equity instruments) divided by the total number of ordinary shares at the end of the period.

(2)   Basic earnings per share attributable to shareholders of the Bank = Net profit attributable to shareholders of ordinary
      shares of the Bank (excluding net profit attributable to other equity instruments of the Bank) divided by weighted average
      number of ordinary shares outstanding. The Bank completed the A-share right issue and the H-share right issue on June
      and July 2023, respectively. As a result of the Right Issue, the earnings per share for 2022 and previous years have been
      recalculated.

(3)   Return on average total assets = Net profit divided by the average balance of total assets at the beginning and at the end of
      the period.

(4)   Calculated in accordance with the Rules for the Compilation and Submission of Information Disclosure by Companies that
      Offer Securities to the Public No. 9 – Calculation and Disclosure of Return on Equity and Earnings per Share (2010 Revision)
      issued by the CSRC.

(5)   Cost-to-income ratio = Operating expenses (excluding taxes and surcharges) divided by operating income.

(6)   Since the 2023 annual report, the Bank has calculated the non-performing loan ratio and allowance to total loans in
      accordance with the Guidelines for the Calculation of Major Financial Indicators in China’s Banking Industry (Yin Xie Fa
      [2023] No. 34) (《中國銀行業主要財務指標計算指引》(銀協發[2023]34號)) issued by the China Banking Association, where:
      Non-performing loan ratio = Balance of non-performing loans divided by total loans and advances to customers (excluding
      interest accrued).

(7)   Allowance to non-performing loans = Balance of the allowance for ECLs of loans divided by balance of non-performing
      loans; allowance to total loans = Balance of the allowance for ECLs of loans divided by total loans and advances to
      customers (excluding interest accrued). There is no difference between the indicator for the Group and the Bank. According
      to the Notice on Adjusting the Regulatory Requirements for Loan Loss Provisions of Commercial Banks (Yin Jian Fa [2018]
      No. 7), a differentiated and dynamically adjusted provision regulatory policy is implemented for joint-stock banks. The
      regulatory standards for the allowance to non-performing loans and allowance to total loans applicable to the Group are
      140% and 2.1%.

(8)   Since 1 January 2024, the Group has calculated the capital adequacy indicators in accordance with the requirements under
      the Administrative Measures for the Capital of Commercial Banks (No. 4 Order [2023] of National Financial Regulatory
      Administration) (《商業銀行資本管理辦法》(國家金融監督管理總局令2023年第4號)).


Explanation of Differences between Financial Statements Prepared under
Domestic and International Accounting Standards
The net profit attributable to shareholders of the Bank for the reporting period ended December 31, 2025 and
the equity attributable to shareholders of the Bank as at the end of the reporting period presented in the financial
statements prepared by the Group under the China Accounting Standards are the same with that presented in the
financial statements prepared by the Group under the International Financial Reporting Accounting Standards.
026    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis


      (I)      Economic, Financial and Regulatory Environments
               In 2025, the global economy showed a resilient growth trend amidst multiple challenges, but the pressure
               of slowing growth remained significant. The frequently adjusted tariff policies of the United States
               became the main disruptive factor for global trade, leading to a slowdown in total international trade
               growth and triggering structural adjustments. Global inflation generally showed a downward trend, but
               rebounded in some economies due to tariff policies and internal factors. Important progress was made in
               frontier areas such as large artificial intelligence models and innovative biological drugs, and the process
               of industrialization and commercialization accelerated, becoming an important driving force for economic
               transformation and upgrading. Overall, the world economy presented the characteristics of low growth
               and high uncertainty in the complex intertwining of trade frictions, geopolitical risks and the driving force
               of technological revolution.

               The year 2025 was the concluding year of the 14th Five-Year Plan. Under the strong leadership of the
               Central Party Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping at its core, China adhered to the general principle
               of seeking progress while maintaining stability and improving quality and efficiency, overcame internal
               and external difficulties, pushed the economy to forge ahead under pressure, and successfully achieved
               the major expected goals of economic and social development, bringing a successful conclusion to the
               14th Five-Year Plan. GDP for the year crossed RMB140 trillion for the first time, a 5.0% increase over
               the previous year at constant prices, and per capita GDP stabilized at over USD13,000, making it the
               major contributor to global economic growth. Multiple core indicators improved, with total imports and
               exports of goods exceeding RMB45 trillion, overall employment remaining stable, and real growth in
               per capita disposable income keeping pace with economic growth. The high-quality development was
               enhanced, new quality productive forces were cultivated and expanded, the added value of high-tech
               manufacturing grew steadily, the vitality of service consumption was released, and a diversified export
               pattern accelerated to form. At the same time, China’s economy still faced challenges such as external
               trade constraints, strong domestic supply but weak demand, and insufficient endogenous momentum,
               but the favorable conditions outweighed the unfavorable factors, and the trend of economic rebound and
               long-term improvement remained unchanged.

               In 2025, the financial regulatory system continued to be deepened. On the basis of the framework of “One
               Bank (PBOC), One Administration (NFRA), and One Commission (CSRC)” (一行一局一會), the regulatory
               coordination mechanism was further refined. Regulatory priorities shifted to emerging areas including
               fintech and cross-border capital flows, while penetrating supervision capacity was notably strengthened.
               Coordination between central and local financial regulators became more effective, providing a more solid
               institutional underpinning for the prevention and resolution of financial risks.

               In 2025, monetary policy maintained a moderately accommodative stance, strengthened cross-cyclical
               adjustment, innovatively applied structural tools while lowering relevant interest rates. Net injections
               through open market operations exceeded RMB6 trillion to ensure abundant liquidity, the weighted
               average interest rate for newly issued corporate and personal housing loans dropped to around 3.1%,
               and credit resources accurately flowed to key areas such as sci-tech innovation and green development.
               Fiscal policy stepped up to enhance efficiency, the deficit rate was raised to around 4%, the quota for
               new special bonds was RMB4.4 trillion, and ultra-long-term special government bonds of RMB1.3 trillion
               were issued. The investment direction and management mechanism of bonds were being continuously
               optimized, with efforts focused on the fields of “Two Focuses (兩重)” and “Two News (兩新)”, so as to
               further expand domestic demand, stabilize investment and boost consumption.
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025    027




                                                     Management Discussion and Analysis


       The banking industry has made great efforts to improve the quality and efficiency of its services to
       the real economy and strengthened its credit support to key areas. At the end of 2025, the local and
       foreign currency assets of banking financial institutions amounted to RMB480 trillion, an increase of
       8.0% year-on-year; the total local and foreign currency liabilities of banking financial institutions reached
       RMB441.5 trillion, an increase of 8.2% year-on-year. The balance of inclusive loans to small and micro
       enterprises from banking financial institutions was RMB37 trillion, an increase of 11.0% year-on-year; the
       balance of inclusive agriculture-related loans was RMB14.2 trillion, an increase of 10.3% year-on-year.
       Commercial banks achieved an annual net profit of RMB2.4 trillion, representing a year-on-year growth
       of approximately 2.3%; the balance of non-performing loans was RMB3.5 trillion, and the non-performing
       loan ratio was 1.50%, overall asset quality remained generally stable.

(II)   Analysis of Overall Operation Performance
       During the reporting period, the Group fully implemented the unified decisions and deployments of the
       CPC Central Committee and the Zhejiang Provincial Party Committee. Guided by the spirit of the Fourth
       Plenary Session of the 20th CPC Central Committee, anchoring the “three first-class” goal and vision, the
       Group continuously injected financial momentum into economic and social development.

       As at the end of the reporting period, total assets of the Group amounted to RMB3,481.092 billion,
       representing an increase of RMB155.553 billion or 4.68% compared with the end of last year. Of
       which total loans and advances to customers amounted to RMB1,922.711 billion, representing an
       increase of RMB65.595 billion or 3.53% compared with the end of last year. Total liabilities amounted to
       RMB3,273.757 billion, representing an increase of RMB150.961 billion or 4.83% compared with the end
       of last year. Of which: customer deposits amounted to RMB2,043.466 billion, representing an increase of
       RMB121.177 billion or 6.30% compared with the end of last year.

       During the reporting period, operating income of the Group amounted to RMB62.558 billion, representing
       a decrease of RMB5.144 billion or 7.60% compared with the previous year, of which net interest income
       amounted to RMB44.459 billion, representing a decrease of RMB698 million or 1.55% compared with
       the previous year; net non-interest income amounted to RMB18.099 billion, representing a decrease of
       RMB4.446 billion or 19.72% compared with the previous year. Net profit attributable to shareholders
       of the Bank amounted to RMB12.931 billion, representing a decrease of RMB2.255 billion or 14.85%
       compared with the previous year.

       As at the end of the reporting period, the non-performing loan ratio of the Group was 1.36%,
       representing a decrease of 0.02 percentage point compared with the end of last year. Allowance to
       non-performing loans was 155.37%, representing a decrease of 23.30 percentage points compared with
       the end of last year; allowance to total loans was 2.11%, representing a decrease of 0.35 percentage
       point compared with the end of last year.

       As at the end of the reporting period, the capital adequacy ratio of the Group was 12.12%, representing
       a decrease of 0.49 percentage point compared with the end of last year; the tier-one capital adequacy
       ratio was 9.60%, representing a decrease of 0.01 percentage point compared with the end of last year;
       the core tier-one capital adequacy ratio was 8.40%, representing an increase of 0.02 percentage point
       compared with the end of last year, all satisfying the regulatory requirements.
028    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis



      (III) Analysis of Financial Statements
      1.       Analysis of Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
               During the reporting period, operating income of the Group amounted to RMB62.558 billion, representing
               a decrease of 7.60% compared with the previous year, of which net interest income amounted to
               RMB44.459 billion, representing a decrease of 1.55% compared with the previous year; net non-interest
               income amounted to RMB18.099 billion, representing a decrease of 19.72% compared with the previous
               year. Operating expenses were RMB22.049 billion, representing an increase of 0.55% compared with
               the previous year; the cost-to-income ratio was 34.04%, representing an increase of 2.88 percentage
               points compared with the previous year. Impairment losses amounted to RMB24.380 billion, representing
               a decrease of 13.53% compared with the previous year. Income tax expenses were RMB2.568
               billion, representing an increase of 36.16% compared with the previous year. Net profit attributable to
               shareholders of the Bank amounted to RMB12.931 billion, representing a decrease of 14.85% compared
               with the previous year, return on average total assets was 0.40%, and weighted average return on net
               assets was 6.80%.

               Changes in main items of the consolidated statement of profit or loss

                                                                                   In RMB million, except percentages
                                                                                          Amount of        Increase
                                                                                            increase     (decrease)
               Item                                                2025           2024    (decrease)            (%)


               Net interest income                               44,459         45,157           (698)          (1.55)
               Net non-interest income                           18,099         22,545         (4,446)        (19.72)
               Operating income                                  62,558         67,702         (5,144)          (7.60)
               Less: Operating expenses                          22,049         21,928            121            0.55
               Less: Impairment losses                           24,380         28,195         (3,815)        (13.53)
               Profit before taxation                            16,129         17,579         (1,450)          (8.25)
               Less: Income tax expenses                          2,568          1,886            682          36.16
               Net profit                                        13,561         15,693         (2,132)        (13.59)
               Attributable to: Shareholders of the Bank         12,931         15,186         (2,255)        (14.85)
                                Non-controlling interests           630            507            123          24.26
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025       029




                                                       Management Discussion and Analysis


(1)   Net interest income
      In 2025, net interest income amounted to RMB44.459 billion, representing a decrease of RMB698
      million or 1.55% compared with the previous year, accounting for 71.07% of the operating income.
      Interest income amounted to RMB101.633 billion, representing a decrease of RMB9.064 billion or 8.19%
      compared with the previous year; interest expenses amounted to RMB57.174 billion, representing a
      decrease of RMB8.366 billion or 12.76% compared with the previous year. The net interest spread
      and net interest margin were 1.46% and 1.60%, representing a decrease of 6 and 11 basis points
      respectively compared with the previous year. The main reasons were as follows: The Group firmly
      implemented the policy orientation of surrendering profits to the real economy, continuously promoted
      the reduction of corporate financing costs, and the average yield of interest-earning assets decreased by
      46 basis points compared with the previous year. We actively responded to the pressure of narrowing
      interest spread in the low-interest-rate era, improved the level of liability quality management, and the
      average cost of interest-bearing liabilities decreased by 40 basis points compared with the previous year.

      Average yield of interest-earning assets and average cost of interest-bearing liabilities

                                                                                   In RMB million, except percentages
                                                         2025                                    2024
                                            Average       Interest Average yield      Average     Interest    Average yield
      Item                                  balance        income           (%)       balance     income                (%)


      Interest-earning assets
      Loans and advances to customers      1,904,138      72,061            3.78     1,806,287     80,455             4.45
      Investments(1)                         875,176      24,632            2.81       846,106     25,359             3.00
      Due from banks and other financial
        institutions(2)                     168,242        3,189            1.90      149,962       2,975             1.98
      Balances with central bank(3)         125,121        1,751            1.40      137,528       1,908             1.39


      Total interest-earning assets        3,072,677     101,633            3.31     2,939,883    110,697             3.77

                                                         2025                                         2024
                                            Average       Interest Average cost       Average      Interest   Average cost
      Item                                  balance     expenses            (%)       balance    expenses              (%)

      Interest-bearing liabilities
      Customer deposits                    1,974,803      35,074            1.78     1,855,581     38,924             2.10
      Due to banks and other financial
        institutions(4)                     479,508        9,106            1.90      528,482      13,522             2.56
      Due to central bank                    80,952        1,475            1.82       69,066       1,530             2.22
      Debt securities issued(5)             549,904       11,519            2.09      456,509      11,427             2.50
      Others                                      –            –               –        3,131         137             4.38

      Total interest-bearing liabilities   3,085,167      57,174            1.85     2,912,769     65,540             2.25

      Net interest income                                 44,459                                   45,157
      Net interest spread                                                   1.46                                      1.52
      Net interest margin(6)                                                1.60                                      1.71
030    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis


               Notes:

               (1)    including financial assets measured at amortized cost, financial assets measured at fair value through other
                      comprehensive income and finance lease receivables.

               (2)    including deposits with banks and other financial institutions, placements with banks and other financial
                      institutions, and financial assets purchased under resale agreements.

               (3)    including statutory deposit reserves, surplus deposit reserves, foreign exchange risk reserves and fiscal deposits.

               (4)    including deposits from banks and other financial institutions, placements from banks and other financial
                      institutions, and financial assets sold under repurchase agreements.

               (5)    including issued inter-bank certificates of deposits, financial bonds and subordinated bonds, etc.

               (6)    Net interest margin: the income generated from the business of financial assets measured at fair value through
                      profit or loss was not classified as interest income categorized by accounting item, and its corresponding
                      interest-bearing liabilities and interest expenses shall be adjusted accordingly.

               Analysis of changes in interest income and expenses

                                                                                                                        In RMB million
                                                                                   Comparison between 2025 and 2024
                                                                                      Factors for increase (decrease)
                                                                                                                 Net increase
               Item                                                                Volume(1)   Interest rate(2)   (decrease)(3)


               Interest-earning assets
               Loans and advances to customers                                         4,358             (12,752)               (8,394)
               Investments                                                               871               (1,598)                (727)
               Due from banks and other financial institutions                           363                 (149)                 214
               Balances with central bank                                               (172)                  15                 (157)
               Changes in interest income                                              5,420             (14,484)               (9,064)


               Interest-bearing liabilities
               Customer deposits                                                       2,501               (6,351)              (3,850)
               Due to banks and other financial institutions                          (1,253)              (3,163)              (4,416)
               Due to central bank                                                       263                 (318)                  (55)
               Debt securities issued                                                  2,338               (2,246)                   92
               Others                                                                   (137)                   0                 (137)
               Changes in interest expenses                                            3,712             (12,078)               (8,366)
               Changes in net interest income                                          1,708              (2,406)                 (698)

               Notes:

               (1)    Change in volume represents the average balance for the reporting period minus the average balance for the
                      previous year, multiplied by the average yield or average interest-bearing rate for the previous year.

               (2)    Change in interest rate represents the average yield or average interest-bearing rate for the reporting period
                      minus the average yield or average interest-bearing rate for the previous year, multiplied by the average balance
                      for the reporting period.

               (3)    Net increase or decrease represents interest income (expenses) for the reporting period minus interest income
                      (expenses) for the previous year.
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025       031




                                                          Management Discussion and Analysis


(2)   Interest income
      Interest income from loans and advances to customers
      Interest income from loans and advances to customers amounted to RMB72.061 billion, representing
      a decrease of RMB8.394 billion or 10.43% compared with the previous year. This was primarily
      because the Group fully implemented the policy orientation of the state and regulatory authorities, and
      continuously increased credit investment in key areas. During the reporting period, the average balance
      of loans and advances to customers was RMB1.90 trillion, representing an increase of 5.42% compared
      with the previous year. At the same time, affected by the downward trend of loan market interest rates,
      the average yield of loans and advances to customers decreased by 67 basis points compared with the
      previous year.

      Analysis of average income from loans and advances to customers by business type

                                                                                     In RMB million, except percentages
                                                           2025                                    2024
                                               Average      Interest Average yield      Average     Interest   Average yield
                                               balance       income           (%)       balance     income               (%)


      Corporate loans and advances            1,317,703     49,511            3.76     1,208,730     52,628            4.35
      Personal loans and advances               466,156     20,369            4.37       484,008     25,460            5.26
      Discounted bills                          120,279      2,181            1.81       113,549      2,367            2.08


      Total loans and advances to customers   1,904,138     72,061            3.78     1,806,287     80,455            4.45


      Interest income from investments
      Interest income from investments amounted to RMB24.632 billion, representing a decrease of RMB727
      million or 2.87% compared with the previous year. This was primarily due to the average yield of
      investments decreasing by 19 basis points compared with the previous year.

      Interest income from due from banks and other financial institutions
      Interest income from due from banks and other financial institutions amounted to RMB3.189 billion,
      representing an increase of RMB214 million or 7.19% compared with the previous year, primarily because
      the average balance of due from banks and other financial institutions increased by 12.19% compared
      with the previous year.
032    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis


      (3)      Interest expenses
               Interest expenses on customer deposits
               Interest expenses on customer deposits amounted to RMB35.074 billion, representing a decrease of
               RMB3.850 billion or 9.89% compared with the previous year, primarily because the Group actively guided
               the expansion of low-cost deposits and continuously reduced the deposit interest payment rate. During
               the reporting period, the average cost of customer deposits decreased by 32 basis points compared with
               the previous year.

                                                                                               In RMB million, except percentages
                                                                      2025                                    2024
                                                         Average       Interest Average cost      Average       Interest   Average cost
                                                         balance     expenses            (%)      balance     expenses              (%)


               Corporate deposits and other
                 deposits(1)
               Time                                    1,253,588       25,326           2.02     1,122,027      26,759            2.38
               Demand                                    371,018        2,556           0.69       444,222       5,168            1.16
               Subtotal                                1,624,606       27,882           1.72     1,566,249      31,927            2.04


               Personal deposits
               Time                                      283,127         7,151          2.53      233,248        6,894            2.96
               Demand                                     67,070            41          0.06       56,084          103            0.18
               Subtotal                                  350,197         7,192          2.05      289,332        6,997            2.42


               Total                                   1,974,803       35,074           1.78     1,855,581      38,924            2.10

               Note:

               (1)     Other deposits include remittance payables, temporary deposits, and outward remittances, etc.


               Interest expenses on due to banks and other financial institutions
               Interest expenses on due to banks and other financial institutions amounted to RMB9.106 billion,
               representing a decrease of RMB4.416 billion or 32.66% compared with the previous year, primarily due
               to the average cost of due to banks and other financial institutions standing at 1.90%, representing a
               decrease of 66 basis points from the previous year.
                                                                                             Annual Report 2025    033




                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis


(4)   Net non-interest income
      During the reporting period, the Group’s net non-interest income amounted to RMB18.099 billion,
      representing a decrease of RMB4.446 billion or 19.72% compared with the previous year. Among which,
      net fee and commission income amounted to RMB3.752 billion, representing a decrease of RMB735
      million compared with the previous year; while other net non-interest income amounted to RMB14.347
      billion, representing a decrease of RMB3.711 billion compared with the previous year.

      Net fee and commission income

                                                                           In RMB million, except percentages
                                                                                   Amount of         Increase
                                                                                     increase      (decrease)
      Item                                                 2025           2024     (decrease)             (%)


      Agency and entrustment service                      2,791          2,265             526           23.22
      Commitment and guarantee service                      816          1,031            (215)         (20.85)
      Settlement and clearing service                       806            678             128           18.88
      Custodian and fiduciary service                       662            637               25            3.92
      Underwriting and consultation service                 616            928            (312)         (33.62)
      Fee from bank cards                                   178            197              (19)          (9.64)
      Others                                                 74            225            (151)         (67.11)
      Total fee and commission income                     5,943          5,961              (18)          (0.30)
      Less: Fee and commission expenses                   2,191          1,474             717           48.64
      Net fee and commission income                       3,752          4,487            (735)         (16.38)

      Net fee and commission income was RMB3.752 billion, representing a decrease of RMB735 million
      or 16.38% compared with the previous year. Of which, fee income from agency and entrustment
      service was RMB2.791 billion, representing an increase of RMB526 million compared with the previous
      year, primarily due to the growth of agency sales business income; fee income from commitment and
      guarantee business was RMB816 million, representing a decrease of RMB215 million compared with the
      previous year, primarily due to a decline in the scale of guarantee and commitment business; income
      from underwriting and consultation service was RMB616 million, representing a decrease of RMB312
      million compared with the previous year, primarily due to a decline in the fee rate for bond underwriting
      service.
034    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis


               Other net non-interest income
                                                                                 In RMB million, except percentages
                                                                                         Amount of        Increase
                                                                                           increase     (decrease)
               Item                                               2025          2024     (decrease)            (%)


               Net trading gains                                 5,229        10,771         (5,542)        (51.45)
               Net gains on financial investments                6,952         5,852          1,100          18.80
               Other operating income                            2,166         1,435            731          50.94
               Total                                            14,347        18,058         (3,711)        (20.55)

               Other net non-interest income amounted to RMB14.347 billion, representing a decrease of RMB3.711
               billion or 20.55% compared with the previous year, primarily due to the volatile upward movement of
               bond market yields during the reporting period, leading to a decrease in income from financial assets
               measured at fair value through profit or loss compared with the previous year.

      (5)      Operating expenses
                                                                                 In RMB million, except percentages
                                                                                         Amount of        Increase
                                                                                           increase     (decrease)
               Item                                               2025          2024     (decrease)            (%)


               Staff costs                                      13,048        13,737           (689)         (5.02)
               General and administrative expenses               4,893         4,642            251           5.41
               Depreciation and amortization                     2,055         2,022              33          1.63
               Tax and surcharges                                  755           835             (80)        (9.58)
               Others                                            1,298           692            606          87.57
               Total                                            22,049        21,928            121           0.55

               Operating expenses were RMB22.049 billion, representing an increase of RMB121 million or 0.55%
               compared with the previous year. The Group actively carried out comprehensive cost management and
               continuously optimized the input-output structure.
                                                                                            Annual Report 2025   035




                                                   Management Discussion and Analysis


(6)   Impairment losses
                                                                                               In RMB million
      Item                                                                        2025                  2024


      Deposits with banks and other financial institutions                           1                     (5)
      Placements with banks and other financial institutions                         5                     (2)
      Financial assets purchased under resale agreements                            16                     (4)
      Loans and advances to customers                                           21,219                25,829
      Financial investments                                                      2,262                 1,904
      Finance lease receivables                                                    684                   697
      Off-balance sheet items                                                     (195)                 (433)
      Other assets                                                                 388                   209
      Total                                                                     24,380                28,195

      During the reporting period, impairment losses amounted to RMB24.380 billion, representing a decrease
      of RMB3.815 billion or 13.53% compared with the previous year. Please refer to “Note VI to the Financial
      Statement – 7 Expected credit losses; 25 Impairment Allowance”.

(7)   Income tax expenses
      Income tax expenses amounted to RMB2.568 billion, representing an increase of RMB682 million or
      36.16% compared with the previous year, with an effective tax rate of 15.92%. For the reconciliation
      statement of the income tax expenses calculated at statutory tax rate and the actual income tax
      expenses, please refer to “Note VI to the Financial Statement – 10 Income Tax Expense”.

(8)   Segment information
      Segment operating results by business line

                                                                          In RMB million, except percentages
                                                             2025                           2024
                                                                 Proportion                        Proportion
      Item                                              Amount          (%)           Amount              (%)


      Corporate banking                                  35,181         56.24         38,124           56.31
      Retail banking                                     10,360         16.56         12,568           18.57
      Treasury operations                                12,996         20.77         14,001           20.68
      Others                                              4,021          6.43          3,009            4.44
      Total operating income                             62,558        100.00         67,702          100.00
036    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis


               Segment operating results by geographic region

                                                                                    In RMB million, except percentages
                                                                      2025                            2024
                                                                          Proportion                         Proportion
               Item                                              Amount          (%)           Amount               (%)


               Yangtze River Delta Region                         38,911          62.20         39,054           57.69
               Bohai Rim Region                                    7,844          12.54         10,228           15.11
               Pearl River Delta and Economic Zone on
                 the Western Coast of the Taiwan Straits           5,563           8.89          6,604            9.75
               Midwestern China Region                            10,240          16.37         11,816           17.45
               Total operating income                             62,558         100.00         67,702          100.00

               For detailed information on business segments and geographical segments, please refer to “Note VIII to
               the Financial Statement – Segment Reporting”.

      2.       Analysis of Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
      (1)      Assets
               As at the end of the reporting period, total assets of the Group amounted to RMB3,481.092 billion,
               representing an increase of RMB155.553 billion or 4.68% compared with the end of last year. Of which,
               net loans and advances to customers amounted to RMB1,883.237 billion, representing an increase of
               RMB70.553 billion or 3.89% compared with the end of last year; financial investments amounted to
               RMB1,051.507 billion, representing a decrease of RMB3.944 billion or 0.37% compared with the end of
               last year. In the respect of structure, net loans and advances to customers accounted for 54.10% of total
               assets, representing a decrease of 0.41 percentage point compared with the end of last year; financial
               investments accounted for 30.21% of total assets, representing a decrease of 1.53 percentage points
               compared with the end of last year.

               Assets utilization
                                                                                    In RMB million, except percentages
                                                                December 31, 2025             December 31, 2024
                                                                          Proportion                     Proportion
               Item                                             Amount           (%)           Amount           (%)


               Total loans and advances to customers           1,922,711                     1,857,116
               Less: Allowance for ECLs of loans(1)               39,474                        44,432
               Net loans and advances to customers             1,883,237          54.10      1,812,684           54.51
               Financial investments(2)                        1,051,507          30.21      1,055,451           31.74
               Cash and balances with central bank               125,704           3.61        129,691            3.90
               Precious metals                                    80,929           2.32         16,956            0.51
               Due from banks and other financial
                 institutions(3)                                 170,134           4.89        137,692            4.14
               Other assets                                      169,581           4.87        173,065            5.20


               Total assets                                    3,481,092         100.00      3,325,539          100.00
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025     037




                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis


Notes:

(1)    Allowance for ECLs of loans refers to the allowance made for the loss of loans and advances to customers
       measured at amortized cost.

(2)    Financial investments include financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss, financial assets
       measured at amortized cost, and financial assets measured at fair value through other comprehensive income.

(3)    Due from banks and other financial institutions include deposits with banks and other financial institutions,
       placements with banks and other financial institutions and financial assets purchased under resale agreements.


Loans and advances to customers
The Group fulfilled its mission and responsibility as a state-owned financial enterprise through targeted
placement of credit resources, deepened its presence in the Zhejiang base camp, and maintained steady
growth in total loan placement with continuous structural optimization. On the one hand, we optimized
incremental growth by investing in businesses with controllable risks and suitable returns; on the other
hand, we revitalized existing stock to release efficiency. As at the end of the reporting period, total loans
and advances to customers of the Group amounted to RMB1,922.711 billion, representing an increase of
RMB65.595 billion or 3.53% compared with the end of last year.

Loans and advances to customers structure by business type
                                                                             In RMB million, except percentages
                                                       December 31, 2025                 December 31, 2024
                                                                 Proportion                         Proportion
Item                                                   Amount           (%)               Amount           (%)


Corporate loans and advances                          1,331,459            69.25       1,249,566             67.28
Personal loans and advances                             464,408            24.15         478,631             25.77
Discounted bills                                        116,916             6.08         119,200              6.42
Changes in fair value through other
   comprehensive income                                      706             0.04           1,224             0.07
Interest accrued                                           9,222             0.48           8,495             0.46


Total                                                 1,922,711           100.00       1,857,116           100.00


Corporate loans and advances
The Company’s lending business has focused on the supply chain and technology innovation sectors,
deepened the chain-based financial ecosystem, and addressed the full-cycle, multi-scenario needs of
enterprises. By continuously iterating its distinctive business matrix, the business provides targeted
services to core enterprises and their upstream and downstream partners within industrial chains. As
a result, the Company’s lending business has achieved steady growth in scale, and its comprehensive
service capabilities have continued to strengthen. As at the end of the reporting period, total corporate
loans and advances amounted to RMB1,331.459 billion, representing an increase of 6.55% compared
with the end of last year.
038    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis


               Personal loans and advances
               We seized the general trend of consumption-driven economic growth, focused on optimizing the personal
               loan structure, prioritized the expansion of mortgage and consumption scenarios, and leveraged the
               wealth management ecosystem to achieve synergies. As a result, our retail customer base has been
               further consolidated. As at the end of the reporting period, total personal loans and advances amounted
               to RMB464.408 billion, representing a decrease of 2.97% compared with the end of last year.

               Discounted bills
               We continued to build and enhance the full life-cycle circular operation of bills, expanded the basic
               customer base through scenario marketing and digital enhancement, and gave full play to our
               advantages in liquidity services to support the short-term financing needs of enterprises. As at the end of
               the reporting period, total discounted bills amounted to RMB116.916 billion, representing a decrease of
               1.92% compared with the end of last year.

               Financial investments
               The Group’s financial investment scale remained stable with continuous structure optimization. We seized
               market trends and moderately increased bond investment holdings, diversifying our support for regional
               economic development and the financing needs of the real economy, while reducing other investment
               assets. Portfolio management was adopted to ensure safety and liquidity. As at the end of the reporting
               period, total financial investments amounted to RMB1,051.507 billion, representing a decrease of 0.37%
               compared with the end of last year.

               Financial investment composition
                                                                                     In RMB million, except percentages
                                                                 December 31, 2025              December 31, 2024
                                                                           Proportion                      Proportion
               Item                                              Amount           (%)            Amount           (%)


               Fund investments                                  136,837           13.01        175,096           16.59
               Bond investments                                  832,636           79.18        791,378           74.98
               Trust schemes and asset management plans           91,449            8.70         99,599            9.44
               Other financial investments                         3,853            0.37          5,150            0.49
               Interest accrued                                   11,758            1.12          9,625            0.91
               Allowance for ECLs                                (25,026)          (2.38)       (25,397)          (2.41)


               Total                                            1,051,507         100.00      1,055,451          100.00

               Note: Other financial investments include equity investments, other debt instruments, and wealth management
                     products.
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025     039




                                                      Management Discussion and Analysis


(2)   Liabilities
      The Group comprehensively promoted the optimization project of liability structure, adhered to being
      customer-centric, relying on digitalization, and using scenarios as the entry point, provided customers
      with high-quality and efficient comprehensive services, built a real, stable, and low-cost liability base,
      stimulated the endogenous development driving force of liability business, and further consolidated the
      foundation of high-quality development with low-cost funds. As at the end of the reporting period, total
      liabilities of the Group amounted to RMB3,273.757 billion, representing an increase of RMB150.961
      billion or 4.83% compared with the end of last year.

      Liabilities Composition
                                                                                 In RMB million, except percentages
                                                           December 31, 2025                December 31, 2024
                                                                     Proportion                        Proportion
      Item                                                 Amount           (%)              Amount           (%)


      Due to central bank                                   102,206             3.12          77,821             2.49
      Customer deposits                                   2,043,466            62.42       1,922,289            61.56
      Due to banks and other financial
        institutions                                        515,042            15.73         498,068            15.95
      Debt securities issued                                512,953            15.67         541,533            17.34
      Others                                                100,090             3.06          83,085             2.66


      Total liabilities                                   3,273,757           100.00       3,122,796          100.00

      Note: Due to banks and other financial institutions include deposits from banks and other financial institutions,
            placements from banks and other financial institutions, and financial assets sold under purchase agreements.


      Customer deposits
      The Group was committed to building the acquisition of low-interest and high-quality deposits into a
      core operational capability, and expanding the scale of low-cost deposits and retail deposits. As at the
      end of the reporting period, balance of customer deposits of the Group amounted to RMB2,043.466
      billion, representing an increase of RMB121.177 billion or 6.30% compared with the end of last year.
      With respect to customer structure, corporate deposits increased by RMB25.316 billion or 1.60%; and
      personal deposits increased by RMB91.140 billion or 29.92%. With respect to term structures, time
      deposits increased by RMB123.465 billion or 8.89%; and demand deposits decreased by RMB7.009
      billion or 1.40%.
040    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis


               Structure of our customer deposits by business type
                                                                                   In RMB million, except percentages
                                                               December 31, 2025             December 31, 2024
                                                                         Proportion                     Proportion
               Item                                            Amount           (%)           Amount           (%)


               Corporate deposits
                 Demand                                         417,299          20.42       434,291          22.59
                 Time                                         1,191,219          58.29     1,148,911          59.77


               Sub-total                                      1,608,518          78.71     1,583,202          82.36


               Personal deposits
                 Demand                                          74,934           3.67        64,951           3.38
                 Time                                           320,838          15.70       239,681          12.47


               Sub-total                                        395,772          19.37       304,632          15.85


               Other deposits                                     2,019           0.10            372           0.02


               Interest accrued                                  37,157           1.82        34,083            1.77


               Total                                          2,043,466         100.00     1,922,289         100.00


      (3)      Shareholder’s equity
               As at the end of the reporting period, equity attributable to shareholders of the Bank amounted to
               RMB202.868 billion in total, representing an increase of RMB3.965 billion or 1.99% compared with the
               end of last year. Please see “Financial Statements – Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders’
               Equity”.
                                                                                               Annual Report 2025    041




                                                   Management Discussion and Analysis



(IV) Analysis of Loan Quality
1.    Loans distribution by risk classification
                                                                             In RMB million, except percentages
                                                        December 31, 2025               December 31, 2024
                                                                  Proportion                       Proportion
      Item                                              Amount           (%)             Amount           (%)


      Pass                                             1,841,533           96.24      1,777,415            96.15
      Special mention                                     45,213            2.36         44,488             2.40
      Non-performing                                      26,037            1.36         25,494             1.38
        Substandard                                       11,775            0.62         11,230             0.61
        Doubtful                                           5,556            0.29         10,503             0.57
        Loss                                               8,706            0.45          3,761             0.20
      Changes in fair value through other
        comprehensive income                                  706           0.04           1,224            0.07
      Subtotal                                         1,913,489          100.00      1,848,621          100.00
      Interest accrued                                     9,222            N/A           8,495             N/A


      Total loans and advances to customers            1,922,711             N/A      1,857,116              N/A

      The overall loan quality of our Group was kept at a stable level. As at the end of the reporting period, the
      pass loans amounted to RMB1,841.533 billion, representing an increase of RMB64.118 billion compared
      with the end of last year; loans classified as special mention were RMB45.213 billion, representing an
      increase of RMB725 million compared with the end of last year, and the percentage of loans classified as
      special mention was 2.36%, representing a decrease of 0.04 percentage point compared with the end of
      last year; the non-performing loans were RMB26.037 billion, representing an increase of RMB543 million
      compared with the end of last year, with a non-performing loan ratio of 1.36%, representing a decrease
      of 0.02 percentage point compared with the end of last year.
042    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis


      2.       Distribution of loans and non-performing loans by business type
                                                                                                    In RMB million, except percentages
                                                              December 31, 2025                                December 31, 2024
                                                                          Amount         Non-                               Amount          Non-
                                                                           of non- performing                               of non-   performing
                                                Amount     Proportion performing loan ratio       Amount     Proportion performing     loan ratio
               Item                             of loans          (%)        loans        (%)     of loans          (%)       loans          (%)


               Corporate loans                 1,331,459       69.58      14,646         1.10   1,249,566        67.59      16,996          1.36
               Personal loans                    464,408       24.27      11,378         2.45     478,631        25.89       8,498          1.78
               Discounted bills                  116,916        6.11          13         0.01     119,200         6.45           –             –
               Changes in fair value through
                 other comprehensive income         706         0.04         N/A         N/A        1,224         0.07         N/A           N/A


               Sub-total                       1,913,489      100.00      26,037         1.36   1,848,621      100.00       25,494          1.38
               Interest accrued                    9,222        N/A          N/A         N/A        8,495         N/A          N/A           N/A


               Total loans and advances to
                 customers                     1,922,711         N/A         N/A         N/A    1,857,116         N/A          N/A           N/A

               As at the end of the reporting period, our corporate non-performing loans amounted to RMB14.646
               billion, representing a decrease of RMB2.350 billion compared with the end of last year, with a
               non-performing loan ratio of 1.10%, representing a decrease of 0.26 percentage point compared with the
               end of last year. The personal non-performing loans were RMB11.378 billion, representing an increase
               of RMB2.880 billion compared with the end of last year, with a non-performing loan ratio of 2.45%,
               representing an increase of 0.67 percentage point compared with the end of last year.
                                                                                                                            Annual Report 2025        043




                                                                     Management Discussion and Analysis


3.   Distribution of loans and non-performing loans by industry
                                                                                                    In RMB million, except percentages
                                                           December 31, 2025                                    December 31, 2024
                                                                        Amount           Non-                                 Amount          Non-
                                                                         of non-   performing                                 of non-   performing
                                             Amount     Proportion performing       loan ratio     Amount     Proportion performing      loan ratio
     Item                                    of loans          (%)         loans          (%)      of loans          (%)        loans          (%)


     Corporate loans                        1,331,459       69.58        14,646          1.10    1,249,566        67.59       16,996          1.36
       Leasing and commercial services        339,725       17.75         1,346          0.40      267,267        14.46        2,967          1.11
       Manufacturing                          286,725       14.98         3,797          1.32      273,221        14.78        4,007          1.47
       Wholesale and retail trade             185,808        9.71         4,251          2.29      191,741        10.37        4,268          2.23
       Real estate                            161,815        8.46         2,817          1.74      186,133        10.07        2,885          1.55
       Administration of water
         conservancy, environment and
         public facilities                    87,829          4.59           18          0.02      68,991          3.73           44          0.06
       Construction                           80,505          4.21          972          1.21      74,814          4.05          659          0.88
       Financing                              40,338          2.11           20          0.05      42,009          2.27           52          0.12
       Transportation, storage and postal
         service                              18,930          0.99          116          0.61      17,314          0.93         1,101         6.36
       Accommodation and Catering             17,947          0.94           94          0.52      18,460          1.00            74         0.40
       Electricity, heat, gas and water
         production and supply                17,525         0.92           195          1.11      14,403          0.78            88         0.61
       Mining                                 12,832         0.67             –             –      16,611          0.90             –            –
       Others(1)                              81,480         4.25         1,020          1.25      78,602          4.25           851         1.08
     Personal loans                          464,408        24.27        11,378          2.45     478,631         25.89         8,498         1.78
     Discounted bills                        116,916         6.11            13          0.01     119,200          6.45             –            –
     Changes in fair value through
       other comprehensive income                706          0.04          N/A           N/A        1,224         0.07          N/A           N/A


     Subtotal of loans and advances         1,913,489      100.00        26,037          1.36    1,848,621      100.00        25,494          1.38
     Interest accrued                           9,222        N/A            N/A          N/A         8,495         N/A           N/A           N/A


     Total loans and advances to
       customers                            1,922,711         N/A           N/A           N/A    1,857,116         N/A           N/A           N/A

     Note:

     (1)     Others include various industries such as culture, sports and entertainment; information transmission, computer
             service and software; agriculture, forestry, animal husbandry and fishery; household services and other services;
             scientific research, technology services and geological exploration; education; health, social security and social
             welfare.


     In 2025, the Group adopted a “prudent and solid” risk appetite, anchored the “three first-class” target
     vision, and adhered to the political and people-oriented nature of the financial work. We implemented the
     risk philosophy of “low risk, balanced returns”, and adhered to “risk first, compliance as the foundation”.
     Guided by serving the real economy and focusing on scenarios as the core, we improved investment
     and research capabilities, strengthened the credit-guidance, enhanced the risk prediction, optimized the
     asset allocation, and safeguarded the high-quality development of the Bank.
044    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis


      4.       Distribution of loans and non-performing loans by geographic region
                                                                                                             In RMB million, except percentages
                                                                    December 31, 2025                                    December 31, 2024
                                                                                 Amount           Non-                                 Amount          Non-
                                                                                  of non-   performing                                 of non-   performing
                                                      Amount     Proportion performing       loan ratio     Amount     Proportion performing      loan ratio
               Item                                   of loans          (%)         loans          (%)      of loans          (%)        loans          (%)


               Yangtze River Delta Region            1,067,571       55.79        17,856          1.67     991,127         53.62       16,115          1.63
               Midwestern China Region                 380,390       19.88         3,403          0.89     367,401         19.87        3,487          0.95
               Bohai Rim Region                        245,388       12.82         2,670          1.09     257,185         13.91        3,137          1.22
               Pearl River Delta and Economic
                 Zone on the Western Coast of
                 the Taiwan Straits                   219,434        11.47         2,108          0.96     231,684         12.53         2,755         1.19
               Changes in fair value through other
                 comprehensive income                     706          0.04          N/A           N/A        1,224         0.07          N/A           N/A


               Subtotal                              1,913,489      100.00        26,037          1.36    1,848,621      100.00        25,494          1.38
               Interest accrued                          9,222        N/A            N/A          N/A         8,495         N/A           N/A           N/A


               Total loans and advances to
                 customers                           1,922,711         N/A           N/A           N/A    1,857,116         N/A           N/A           N/A

               Based on a continuous tracking of the development trends in the macro economy and the industry,
               according to changes in the external operating environment, internal operating conditions and risk
               situations, and taking into account economic characteristics of various regions, the Group adjusted
               its credit policies in due course; focused on the primary strategy of “deepening the development in
               Zhejiang”, enhanced the competitiveness of key regions, actively prevented regional risks, supported
               regional development requirements, and comprehensively optimized the structure of credit assets.
                                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025        045




                                                                    Management Discussion and Analysis


5.   Distribution of loans and non-performing loans by security type
                                                                                                   In RMB million, except percentages
                                                          December 31, 2025                                    December 31, 2024
                                                                       Amount           Non-                                 Amount          Non-
                                                                        of non-   performing                                 of non-   performing
                                            Amount     Proportion performing       loan ratio     Amount     Proportion performing      loan ratio
     Item                                   of loans          (%)         loans          (%)      of loans          (%)        loans          (%)


     Mortgage loans                         800,607        41.84        13,782          1.72     813,467         44.00       15,617          1.92
     Pledged loans                           72,451         3.79         1,648          2.27      69,066          3.74          711          1.03
     Guaranteed loans                       490,627        25.64         3,341          0.68     377,355         20.41        3,538          0.94
     Unsecured loans                        432,182        22.58         7,253          1.68     468,309         25.33        5,628          1.20
     Discounted bills                       116,916         6.11            13          0.01     119,200          6.45            –             –
     Changes in fair value through other
       comprehensive income                     706          0.04          N/A           N/A        1,224         0.07          N/A           N/A


     Subtotal                              1,913,489      100.00        26,037          1.36    1,848,621      100.00        25,494          1.38
     Interest accrued                          9,222        N/A            N/A          N/A         8,495         N/A           N/A           N/A


     Total loans and advances to
       customers                           1,922,711         N/A           N/A           N/A    1,857,116         N/A           N/A           N/A

     The secured loan structure of the Group basically remained stable. As at the end of the reporting period,
     the mortgage loans had a relatively high percentage; the mortgage loans balance was RMB800.607
     billion, representing a decrease of RMB12.860 billion compared with the end of last year; the balance of
     non-performing loans among mortgage loans was RMB13.782 billion, with the non-performing loan ratio
     of 1.72%, representing a decrease of 0.20 percentage point compared with the end of last year.
046    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis


      6.       Top ten borrowers
                                                                                   In RMB million, except percentages
               Top ten borrowers       Industry                                           Amount     Proportion (%)


               A                       Information transmission, software and                9,071              0.47
                                          information technology services
               B                       Real estate                                           6,100              0.32
               C                       Real estate                                           4,501              0.24
               D                       Real estate                                           3,944              0.21
               E                       Leasing and commercial services                       3,810              0.20
               F                       Leasing and commercial services                       3,195              0.17
               G                       Real estate                                           3,053              0.16
               H                       Leasing and commercial services                       3,032              0.16
               I                       Manufacturing                                         2,979              0.16
               J                       Manufacturing                                         2,765              0.14


               Total                                                                        42,450              2.23

               As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of loans to the single largest borrower of the Group
               was RMB9.071 billion, representing 3.53% of the Group’s net capital. The total loans to our top ten
               single borrowers amounted to RMB42.450 billion, representing 16.54% of the net capital of the Group.

      7.       Overdue loans
                                                                                   In RMB million, except percentages
                                                                 December 31, 2025           December 31, 2024
                                                                           Proportion                   Proportion
               Overdue period                                    Amount           (%)         Amount           (%)


               Overdue by 1 day to 90 days                         10,384         0.54        12,399            0.67
               Overdue by 90 days to one year                      15,869         0.83        12,615            0.68
               Overdue by one year to three years                   7,165         0.37         7,554            0.41
               Overdue by more than three years                     1,295         0.07           943            0.05


               Total                                               34,713         1.81        33,511            1.81

               As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of overdue loans amounted to RMB34.713 billion,
               representing an increase of RMB1.202 billion compared with the end of last year; specifically, loans
               overdue by more than 90 days amounted to RMB24.329 billion, representing an increase of RMB3.217
               billion compared with the end of last year.
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025    047




                                                     Management Discussion and Analysis


8.    Renegotiated loans
      The Group conducted strict and prudent control over loan renegotiation. As at the end of the reporting
      period, the Group’s total renegotiated loans and advances amounted to RMB15.531 billion, representing
      an increase of RMB2.656 billion compared with the end of last year; among them, total renegotiated
      loans and advances that were overdue by more than 3 months amounted to RMB2.908 billion,
      representing an increase of RMB1.380 billion compared with the end of last year.

9.    Movements in the expected credit loss (“ECL”) allowance on loans
                                                                                                     In RMB million
      Item                                                                                                Amount


      Balance at the beginning of the period                                                               45,551
      Charge for the period                                                                                21,219
      Write-offs                                                                                          (12,843)
      Transfer out                                                                                        (15,596)
      Others                                                                                                2,123


      Balance at the end of the period                                                                     40,454

      Notes:

      (1)    Includes provision made for the loss of loans and advances to customers measured at amortized cost and
             measured at fair value through other comprehensive income.

      (2)    Others include the impacts of recoveries of loans and advances previously written off and exchange rate
             fluctuations.


(V)   Capital Management
      In accordance with the relevant provisions of the Administrative Measures for the Capital of Commercial
      Banks (No. 4 Order [2023] of National Financial Regulatory Administration) (    《商業銀行資本管理辦法》
      (國家金融監督管理總局令 2023 年第 4 號)), the measurement range of the Group’s capital adequacy
      ratio covers credit risk, market risk and operational risk. Among them, credit risk-weighted assets were
      measured by using weight method, and market risk-and operational risk-weighted assets were measured
      by using standardized approach. The Pillar 3 Information Disclosure Report 2025 of China Zheshang
      Bank Co., Ltd. (《浙商銀行股份有限公司 2025 年度第三支柱信息披露報告》                            ) is available for inspection on
      the website of the Bank (www.czbank.com).
048    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis


               As at the end of the reporting period, capital adequacy ratio of the Group was 12.12%, tier-one capital
               adequacy ratio was 9.60%, core tier-one capital adequacy ratio was 8.40%, and leverage ratio was
               5.00%, all of which met regulatory requirements.

               Capital adequacy ratio (the Group)
                                                                                   In RMB million, except percentages
                                                                                December 31,          December 31,
               Item                                                                    2025                  2024


               Net core tier-one capital                                               177,985              173,172
               Other tier-one capital                                                   25,411               25,364
               Net tier-one capital                                                    203,396              198,536
               Tier-two capital                                                         53,286               61,904
               Net capital base                                                        256,682              260,441
               Risk-weighted assets                                                  2,118,335            2,065,287
               Among which: credit risk-weighted assets                              1,974,890            1,924,753
                              market risk-weighted assets                               23,353               22,553
                              operational risk-weighted assets                         120,093              117,981
               Minimum capital requirement (%)                                            8.00                 8.00
               Reserve capital and countercyclical capital requirement (%)                2.50                 2.50
               Additional capital requirement (%)                                            –                    –
               Core tier-one capital adequacy ratio (%)                                   8.40                 8.38
               Tier-one capital adequacy ratio (%)                                        9.60                 9.61
               Capital adequacy ratio (%)                                                12.12                12.61


               Leverage ratio (the Group)
                                                                                   In RMB million, except percentages
                                                                                December 31,              December
               Item                                                                    2025                31, 2024


               Net tier-one capital                                                    203,396              198,536
               Adjusted asset balance inside and
                 outside the balance sheet                                           4,067,144            3,885,727
               Leverage ratio (%)                                                         5.00                 5.11
                                                                                   Annual Report 2025   049




                                          Management Discussion and Analysis


As at the end of the reporting period, capital adequacy ratio of the Company was 11.98%, tier-one
capital adequacy ratio was 9.47%, core tier-one capital adequacy ratio was 8.24%, and leverage ratio
was 4.84%, all of which met regulatory requirements.

Capital adequacy ratio (the Company)
                                                                  In RMB million, except percentages
                                                                December 31,         December 31,
Item                                                                   2025                 2024


Net core tier-one capital                                             167,766               166,402
Other tier-one capital                                                 24,995                24,995
Net tier-one capital                                                  192,761               191,397
Tier-two capital                                                       50,904                59,865
Net capital base                                                      243,664               251,262
Risk-weighted assets                                                2,034,760             1,992,742
Among which: credit risk-weighted assets                            1,894,995             1,855,223
               market risk-weighted assets                             23,226                22,360
               operational risk-weighted assets                       116,539               115,159
Minimum capital requirement (%)                                          8.00                  8.00
Reserve capital and countercyclical capital requirement (%)              2.50                  2.50
Additional capital requirement (%)                                          –                     –
Core tier-one capital adequacy ratio (%)                                 8.24                  8.35
Tier-one capital adequacy ratio (%)                                      9.47                  9.60
Capital adequacy ratio (%)                                              11.98                 12.61


Leverage ratio (the Company)
                                                                  In RMB million, except percentages
                                                                December 31,         December 31,
Item                                                                   2025                 2024


Net tier-one capital                                                  192,761               191,397
Adjusted asset balance inside and
  outside the balance sheet                                         3,979,104             3,812,789
Leverage ratio (%)                                                       4.84                  5.02
050    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis



      (VI) Other Financial Information Disclosed in Accordance with
           Regulatory Requirements
      1.       Balance and status of off-balance sheet items that may have a significant impact on
               the financial position and operating results
               The Group’s off-balance sheet items include commitments and contingencies and others. Specifically,
               commitments and contingencies include credit commitments and financial guarantee, capital expenditure
               commitments, bond underwriting and redemption commitments, outstanding litigations and disputes,
               etc., among which credit commitments and financial guarantee serves as the uppermost component. As
               at the end of the reporting period, balance of the Group’s credit commitments and financial guarantee
               amounted to RMB832.687 billion. For details of commitments and contingent liabilities, please see “Note
               IX to the Financial Statement”.

      2.       Status of overdue debts
               As at the end of the reporting period, the Group had no overdue debts.
                                                                                               Annual Report 2025    051




                                                   Management Discussion and Analysis



(VII) Risk Management
1.   Comprehensive risk management system
     Adopting a “prudent and steady” risk appetite, the Company focuses on the “three first-class” vision,
     proactively upholds the political responsibility and people-centered nature of the financial work,
     implements the risk philosophy of “low risk and balanced returns”, and adheres to the principle of “risk
     first, compliance as the cornerstone”. Guided by serving the real economy, with scenarios as the core,
     the Company enhances investment research capabilities, strengthens credit guidance, reinforces risk
     prediction, and optimizes asset allocation. It improves unified credit management, strengthens the
     whole-process management and control of credit extension, strictly implements the “three checks”
     management of credit extension, and consolidates the foundation of credit management. The Company
     strengthens risk prevention and control in key areas, strictly controls new risks, accelerates the resolution
     and disposal of existing risks, strengthens the classification management of asset risks, and maintains
     stable asset quality; It deepens the empowerment of risk control systems, improves the level of intelligent
     risk control, and safeguards the high-quality development of the whole Bank.

     The Board of Directors takes the ultimate responsibility for comprehensive risk management, and the
     Senior Management is responsible for implementing comprehensive risk management. The Company
     establishes the position of chief risk officer. The Board of Directors has established a Risk and Related
     Party Transaction Control Committee; the Senior Management has established special committees
     including the Risk Management Committee, Asset and Liability Management Committee, Information
     Technology Management Committee, Data Governance Committee, and Innovation Management
     Committee and other deliberative bodies.

     The Risk Management Department at our head office is the coordination department for comprehensive
     risk management and the leading executive department for management of the credit risk, market risk
     (excluding interest rate risk of banking book), country risk, information technology risk, and ESG risk.
     The Asset and Liability Management Department at our head office is the leading executive department
     for management of the interest rate risk of banking book and liquidity risk. The Internal Control and
     Compliance and Legal Affairs Department at our head office is the leading executive department for
     operational risk, compliance risk and outsourced risk management. The Party-Mass Work Department
     (Publicity Department of the Party Committee) at our head office is the leading executive department
     for reputational risk management. The Development and Planning Department at our head office is the
     leading executive department for strategic risk management. The Social Responsibility and Consumer
     Rights Protection Department at our head office is the leading executive department for consumer rights
     protection.

     To meet its comprehensive risk management requirements, the Company appoints risk monitoring
     officers to selected departments at its head office. These officers assist the management of the
     respective departments in overseeing comprehensive risk management, while maintaining independence
     in business judgment and risk reporting. The Company also uniformly deploys risk monitoring officers
     across all its branches. These officers support branch presidents in managing comprehensive risk
     management, perform their duties independently and effectively on a consistent basis, and exercise
     independent business judgment and risk reporting.
052    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis


      2.       Credit risk management
               Credit risk refers to the risk of the Company suffering from losses due to defaults of debtors or
               counterparties or a decline in their credit quality. The Company’s credit risk primarily lies in on and
               off-balance sheet business, including loans, inter-bank lending, bond investments, bill acceptances,
               letters of credit, letters of guarantee, and special purpose vehicle investments.

               The objectives of our credit risk management are to control our credit risk within a reasonable range
               acceptable to us and maximize comprehensive benefits across the Bank denominated in local currency
               and adjusted with respect to risks.

               The Company’s credit risk management system consists of the Board of Directors, the Senior
               Management, the Risk Management Committee, the Credit Review Committee of the head office,
               the Credit Review Committee of the branches, the Credit Review Teams of sub-branches, the Risk
               Management Department of the head office and other credit risk control departments, Business
               Operation and Management Departments, Technology Management Department, Audit Department,
               as well as branches, sub-branches and subsidiaries. The Senior Management is responsible for
               implementing and organizing the credit risk management as well as the formulation and implementation
               of systems and policies relating to credit risk management.

               The Company formulates credit policies based on changes in external operating environment, internal
               operating and risk conditions. Such policies expressly set out guidance on certain aspects of our credit
               business, such as customer structure, industry structure, product structure, regional structure and key
               strategic areas. In addition, the Company adjusts its credit policies in due course based on a continuous
               tracking of the development trends in the macro economy and the industry. In the face of the complex
               and volatile economic environment at home and abroad, where opportunities and challenges coexist,
               the Company comprehensively advances the customer-centric comprehensive collaborative reform,
               adheres to the principle of taking the real economy as the focal point and the growth driver of its credit
               asset business, and continuously expands its customer base to consolidate the cornerstone of its credit
               business. Taking the primary strategy of “Deepening the Development in Zhejiang”, we enhance the
               competitiveness of key regions, insist on intelligent risk control, highlight precise credit risk identification
               and forward-looking prevention and resolution, strictly control new non-performing assets, and
               comprehensively optimize the structure of credit assets.

               The Bank classifies its financial assets in accordance with the criteria set forth in the “Measures for
               Classification of Financial Assets Risks of Commercial Banks” (《商業銀行金融資產風險分類辦法》), taking
               into account factors such as the debtor’s ability to perform, willingness to repay, and repayment record;
               the risk classification process of the Company’s financial assets implements a five-tiered procedure of
               “initial classification, review, examination, deliberation, and approval”.

      (1)      Credit risk management for corporate customers
               The Company conducts a unified credit management of corporate customers, and determines maximum
               comprehensive credit lines and business credit lines for customers based on comprehensive evaluation
               of customers and according to certain standards and procedures.
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025     053




                                                     Management Discussion and Analysis


      The Company strictly complies with regulatory requirements and puts loans (including trade financing),
      bill acceptances and discounting, overdrafts, bond investments, special purpose vehicle investments,
      opening letters of credit, factoring, guarantees, loan commitments and other businesses where credit
      risks are essentially borne by the Company under our unified credit extension management. On the basis
      of comprehensive coverage of various types of credit businesses, the Company continues to improve the
      credit risk limit indicator system, and reasonably determines limit indicators of single corporate customers
      and group customers.

      The Company continuously strengthens its credit policy system, establishes unified credit limit
      management rules for corporate customers, intensifies the comprehensive management and unified
      control of overall corporate customer credit limits, improves standardized and compliant credit approval
      processes, authorization system and position risk accountability mechanism, and adjusts credit policies
      in time and takes effective measures to prevent credit risks.

      The Company further improves the concentration risk management, formulates the concentration risk
      management related systems, clarifies the responsibilities allocation and main methods of concentration
      risk management, and continues to promote the construction of concentration risk management.

      The Company continuously enhances the management of credit risks related to financing platforms
      of local governments, strictly complies with various policies and regulatory requirements of the State
      Council and financial regulatory authorities on financing platforms of local governments, makes dynamic
      adjustments to credit strategies, and further optimizes the credit business structure of financing platforms
      to prevent credit risks that may arise from local governments’ financing platforms; steadily resolves the
      existing debts of financing platforms, strictly controls the debt increase of financing platforms, promotes
      the orderly exit of financing platforms in a standardized manner, and drives the implementation of local
      debt risk resolution.

      The Company continuously enhances the management of real estate loan risks. The Company engages
      in real estate related credit business prudently, and implements categorized management on the regions,
      clients and projects of real estate business in accordance with national policies and industry dynamics. It
      sets credit limits for loans we grant to the customers in the real estate industry and adopts the name list
      system management, and continuously adjusts and optimizes the asset structure, as well as strengthens
      the monitoring and management of risks relating to existing loans.

(2)   Credit risk management for small and micro enterprises
      The Company fortifies the moat for the high-quality development of small and micro business operations
      through digital and intelligent risk control, embedding digital genes into the entire chain of risk
      management for small and micro businesses. Meanwhile, it optimizes the risk management system and
      mechanisms, enhances the proactivity of risk control, and continuously improves the credit risk control
      system for small and micro enterprise businesses.

      The Company reasonably formulates differentiated risk control model rules and customer group access
      standards by region, increases the application of external authoritative data, and accurately calibrates
      credit allocation. It strengthens the application of digital and intelligent risk control tools, creating a risk
      monitoring management system featuring “full coverage”, “strong application” and “quick response”,
      effectively achieving proactive risk control. It continuously optimizes the post-loan management system
      for small enterprises, configures differentiated post-loan system roles and personalized task triggering
      rules, creating a precise post-loan safety net.
054    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis


      (3)      Credit risk management for retail customers
               The Company continuously deepens the whole-process credit risk management for retail credit
               customers. It implements a centralized approval mechanism at the head office, leverages big data
               and intelligent risk control models to achieve a combination of automation and manual intervention,
               dynamically evaluates customer credit status, and improves customer risk profiling. It strictly controls
               pre-lending access thresholds, strengthens in-lending credit monitoring, and implements differentiated
               risk early warning and disposal post-lending. Meanwhile, it optimizes risk strategies and product pricing,
               strengthens asset quality control, promotes risk culture advocacy, and ensures the steady and sound
               development of the retail credit business on the basis of risk control.

               The Company has established a whole-process digital and intelligent risk management system for credit
               card (consumer finance) business, covering pre-lending access, in-lending monitoring and post-lending
               early warning. It has developed core models including the “1+N” machine learning scoring model,
               enabling the transformation of risk control decision-making from “experience and strategy-driven” to
               “algorithm and model-driven”, and comprehensively improving the accuracy, automation and intelligence
               of risk management. By taking into account the risk profiles of different regions, industries and customer
               segments, the Company has formulated and continuously updated differentiated risk control strategies,
               steadily elevating the risk management capacity of its credit card (consumer finance) business.

      (4)      Credit risk management for financial institution customers
               The Company incorporates financial institution customers into its unified credit management framework.
               It has developed unified management measures and corresponding operating procedures for the unified
               credit limits of financial institution customers, and refined a full set of systems and processes for the due
               diligence, review and approval of unified credit granting to such customers.

               Businesses conducted with financial institution customers that involve customer credit risk are subject to
               the Company’s unified credit granting management. In the course of business operations, the Company
               utilizes customers’ credit lines in compliance with applicable policies.

      3.       Market risk management
               Market risk refers to the risk of losses of on and off-balance sheet business arising from unfavorable
               changes in market prices (including interest rates, exchange rates, stock prices and commodity prices).
               The term “market risk” in this section does not include interest rate risk of banking book (for the interest
               rate risk of banking book, please refer to the relevant content of “7. Interest rate risk management of
               banking book” below).

               The objectives of our market risk management are to effectively prevent market risks, control market risks
               within an acceptable range, and achieve a reasonable balance between risk and return.

               The Company’s market risk management system consists of the Board of Directors, Senior Management,
               Risk Management Department, Capital Operation Center, Technology Management Department, Audit
               Department, other departments, as well as branches, sub-branches and subsidiaries. The Senior
               Management is responsible for implementing and organizing the market risk management, overseeing the
               implementation of market risk appetite as well as formulating and regularly evaluating and monitoring the
               implementation of policies and procedures for market risk management, so as to ensure the Company
               can effectively identify, measure, monitor and control various types of market risks borne by various
               businesses.
                                                                                                Annual Report 2025    055




                                                   Management Discussion and Analysis


     The market risk measurement methods adopted by the Company include duration analysis, foreign
     exchange exposure analysis, scenario analysis, sensitivity analysis, Value at Risk (VaR) measurement
     etc., and the measures taken by the Company to control market risks include, among others, limit
     management, hedging, reducing risk exposures etc. The Company has established a market risk
     management system pursuant to the relevant measures of the regulatory authority. The Company has
     formulated market risk management policies and procedures applicable to the nature, scale, complexity
     and risk features of its business and aligned such policies and procedures with its overall business
     development strategy, management capabilities, capital strength and overall risk level that can be borne
     by the Company.

     The Company regularly updates and improves its market risk appetite and limit management system,
     continues to improve the market risk management systems and market risk measurement systems.
     The Company conducts market risk measurement, monitoring and routine management by using the
     independent market risk management platform. The Company values positions of our trading book on
     a daily basis, continuously monitors non-stop-loss limits and stop-loss limits, and regularly evaluates
     market risks through stress testing and other methods.

4.   Liquidity risk management
     Liquidity risk refers to the risk of failure to obtain adequate funds in time at reasonable costs to repay
     debts when they are due, perform other payment obligations and meet other capital needs in the ordinary
     course of business. Factors affecting liquidity risks are divided into external factors and internal factors.
     External factors include domestic and foreign financial conditions, macroeconomic regulation policies,
     depth and width of developments of financial markets and the competition status of the banking industry;
     internal factors include maturities of assets and liabilities, business structures, stability of deposits, and
     market financing capacity and various unexpected events, etc.

     The objectives of our liquidity risk management are to ensure our liquidity needs can be satisfied in time
     at reasonable costs and to control our liquidity risks within a reasonable range acceptable to us.

     The Company’s liquidity risk management system consists of the Board of Directors, Senior Management,
     Risk Management and Internal Control Committee, Asset and Liability Management Committee, Risk
     Management Department, Asset and Liability Management Department, Capital Operation Center, Audit
     Department, Technology Management Department and other operation and management departments
     of the head office, as well as branches, sub-branches and subsidiaries. The Senior Management is
     responsible for implementing and organizing the liquidity risk management as well as the formulation and
     implementation of relevant systems and policies for liquidity risk management.

     The Company managed the liquidity risk in a centralized manner. By establishing a scientific and
     complete liquidity risk management system, the Company can effectively identify, measure, monitor,
     control and report its liquidity risk, continuously strengthen liquidity risk management, and continue
     to improve the foresight and initiative of liquidity management. Specific measures for liquidity risk
     management include: paying close attention to both domestic and foreign macroeconomic and political
     situations and market liquidity changes, as well as adjusting our asset and liability management strategy
     in a timely manner; strengthening debt management, making flexible use of active debt instruments,
     actively broadening long-term sources of fund, promoting bond issuance and continuously increasing
     the proportion of stable liabilities; driving the diversification of financing channels construction and
     actively expanding financing channels while maintaining good relations with major financing counterparts;
056    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis


               strengthening the management of high quality liquid assets to ensure that the size of high quality liquid
               assets matches the potential financing needs of the whole bank, and enhance its ability to mitigate
               liquidity risk; strengthening the early-warning monitoring and management of liquidity, optimizing our
               emergency response program for liquidity risk and conducting emergency drills on a regular basis;
               conducting stress tests for liquidity risk on a quarterly basis, identifying weak links in the Company’s
               liquidity risk management based on results of such tests, adjusting liquidity risk management strategies
               if necessary, and modifying our liquidity risk management measures in a timely manner to improve our
               liquidity risk management mechanism. The results of the stress test indicate that the Group’s liquidity risk
               is within a manageable range under various scenario stress assumptions.

               As at the end of the reporting period, the Company’s total liquidity ratio of the local currencies and
               foreign currencies was 81.57%. Our liquidity coverage ratio was 179.52%, among which, high quality
               liquid assets amounted to RMB369.093 billion, and the net cash outflows over the next 30 days was
               RMB205.599 billion. The Company’s net stable fund ratio was 112.68%, among which, stable fund
               available was RMB1,923.035 billion and stable fund required was RMB1,706.645 billion.

               As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s total liquidity ratio of the local currencies and foreign
               currencies was 81.58%. Our liquidity coverage ratio was 174.01%, among which, the high-quality
               liquid assets amounted to RMB370.301 billion, and the net cash outflows over the next 30 days was
               RMB212.809 billion. The relevant information on the net stable fund ratio of the Group in the last two
               quarters was set out below:

                                                                   Currency: combined of domestic and foreign currency
                                                                                    Stable fund          Stable fund
                                                                                       available            required
                                                                 Net stable      (in 100 million      (in 100 million
               Date                                           fund ratio (%)            of RMB)             of RMB)


               As at December 31, 2025                               109.65             19,517.87              17,799.44
               As at September 30, 2025                              111.41             19,384.04              17,399.52


      5.       Operational risk management
               Operational risk refers to the risk of losses that may be incurred due to problematic internal procedures,
               personnel and information technology systems, as well as external events, including legal risks but
               excluding strategic risks and reputational risks. Types of incidents of losses due to operational risks
               that the Company may expose to mainly include seven categories, i.e. internal fraud incidents, external
               fraud incidents, employment systems and safety incidents at working places, incidents related to clients,
               products and business activities, damage to physical assets, incidents related to information technology
               system and incidents related to execution, closing and procedure management.

               The Company’s operational risk management system consists of the Board of Directors, Senior
               Management, Risk Management Department, Internal Control and Compliance and Legal Affairs
               Department, Asset and Liability Management Department, Audit Department, other departments
               of the head office, as well as branches, sub-branches and subsidiaries. The Company adopts a
               three-lines-of-defense based management framework for operational risk management under the
               leadership of the Board of Directors and Senior Management. The Board of Directors takes the ultimate
               responsibility for operational risk management. The Senior Management undertakes the responsibility
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025    057




                                                    Management Discussion and Analysis


     of implementing operational risk management, and is responsible for organizing the formulation
     and implementation of all basic systems and relevant management measures for operational risk
     management, clarifying the duties of and requirements for all departments and institutions, setting
     operational risk preferences and their transmission mechanisms, and reasonably allocating sufficient
     resources, etc.

     The objectives of the Company’s operational risk management are to effectively prevent operational risks,
     minimize losses, and enhance resilience to internal and external events, thereby ensuring the stability
     of business operations. The Company has established an operational risk management system aligned
     with the nature, scale, and complexity of its business to implement whole-process operational risk
     management. Recognizing that robust internal controls are fundamental to mitigating operational risk, the
     Company has formulated unified procedures for the identification, assessment, monitoring, measurement,
     and control/mitigation of such risks.

     During the reporting period, adhering to the operational risk management principles of prudence,
     comprehensiveness, compatibility and effectiveness, the Company adjusted its management strategies
     and priorities in a timely manner in line with its business strategy, management philosophy and changes
     in the external financial environment. It continuously implemented regulatory requirements on operational
     risk management and operational risk capital measurement; clarified its operational risk appetite and
     improved transmission mechanisms; expanded the application of operational risk management tools to
     strengthen its capabilities in operational risk identification, assessment, control and mitigation; refined the
     outsourcing risk management system and consolidated the foundation for outsourcing risk management;
     optimized the development of information systems to enhance digital and intelligent support; effectively
     prevented and mitigated legal risks and conducted legal research on emerging hot topics; fostered
     a sound operational risk management culture and strengthened employee conduct management;
     and enhanced safety and security management, focused on key areas in safety and security work,
     and promptly eliminated potential risks. During the reporting period, the Company’s operational risk
     management systems operated steadily, and operational risk was generally under control.

6.   Country risk management
     Country risk refers to the risk incurred due to any economic, political or social change and incident in a
     country or region which results in the debtors in such country or region being unable or refusing to repay
     their debts or results in any losses to the business presence of the Company in such country or region or
     any other losses to the Company.

     The objectives of our country risk management are to control our country risk within a reasonable range
     acceptable to us and maximize comprehensive benefits across the Bank denominated in local currency
     and adjusted with respect to risks.

     The Company’s country risk management system consists of the Board of Directors, Senior
     Management, Risk Management Department, Development and Planning Department, Planning and
     Finance Department, International Business Department, Capital Operation Center, Retail Credit
     Department, Credit Card (Consumer Finance) Department and other business operation and management
     departments of the head office, Technology Management Department and Audit Department, as well
     as branches, sub-branches and subsidiaries. The Senior Management is responsible for implementing
     and organizing the country risk management as well as the formulation and implementation of relevant
     systems and policies for country risk management.
058    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis


               The Company continuously advances the country risk management work pursuant to the relevant
               measures of the regulatory authority. The Company has formulated basic country risk management
               systems, quota management measures and schemes, clarified the organizational structure and division
               of responsibilities, limit framework, management mechanism, etc., with respect to country risk limit
               management, and set the index and threshold of country risk limits; we regularly assess and monitor the
               country risks.

      7.       Interest rate risk management of banking book
               Interest rate risk in the banking book refers to the risk of losses in the economic value and overall gain
               of the banking book arising from adverse changes in interest rate levels and term structure etc., mainly
               including gap risk, benchmark risk and option risk.

               The objectives of our interest rate risk management of banking book are to control our interest rate
               risk of banking book within a reasonable range acceptable to us and reduce fluctuations in net interest
               income and economic value of banking book to maximize the comprehensive benefits across the Bank.

               The Company’s interest rate risk management system of banking book consists of the Board of
               Directors, Senior Management, Risk Management and Internal Control Committee, Asset and Liability
               Management Committee, Risk Management Department, Planning and Finance Department, Asset and
               Liability Management Department, Capital Operation Center, Audit Department and other operation and
               management departments of the head office, as well as branches, sub-branches and subsidiaries. The
               Senior Management is responsible for implementing the interest rate risk management of banking book,
               establishing the framework for interest rate risk management and the system for measurement of interest
               rate risk of banking book, and promoting the effective implementation of relevant systems and policies
               for interest rate risk management of banking book.

               The Company assesses interest rate risk in the banking book primarily through gap analysis, sensitivity
               analysis, and scenario simulation, as well as stress testing. Considering the Bank’s risk appetite and
               profile, the macroeconomic environment, and market conditions, the Company formulates strategies
               for managing such risk. During the reporting period, based on the Group’s interest rate risk appetite
               and internal management requirements, and in response to macroeconomic and monetary policy
               developments, the Company dynamically and flexibly adjusted the scale and maturity structure of assets
               and liabilities, and optimized its asset-liability repricing maturity management plan. As at the end of the
               reporting period, the Company’s interest rate risk in the banking book remained well within management
               objectives and was generally under control.

      8.       Reputational risk management
               Reputational risk refers to the risk of negative evaluation of the Company by stakeholders, the public
               and the media as a result of the Company’s behavior, the conduct of its employees or external events,
               thereby damaging the Company’s brand value, adversely affecting the Company’s normal operation and
               even affecting market stability and social stability.

               Reputational risk management refers to the establishment of a whole-process reputational risk
               management system covering various processes such as prior assessment, risk monitoring, classification
               and evaluation, response and disposal, information reporting, assessment and accountability, and
               evaluation and conclusion, in order to achieve the objectives of reputational risk management and build
                                                                                            Annual Report 2025    059




                                                 Management Discussion and Analysis


     up a good social image of the Company, which enables the realization of a closed loop of reputational
     risk management, and also contributes to promoting the daily management of reputational risk from the
     aspects of source management, risk identification and inspection, emergency drills, joint mechanism,
     social supervision, accumulation of reputation capital, internal audit, interbank collaboration, etc.

     The objectives of our reputational risk management are to correctly handle news and public opinions on
     us, public relations and our relationships with customers, actively and effectively prevent reputational
     risks and respond to reputational events, so as to minimize the losses and negative impacts caused by
     such events on the Company, interested parties and the public. The Company has included reputational
     risk management in its corporate governance and comprehensive risk management system.

     The Company’s reputational risk management system consists of the Board of Directors, Senior
     Management, Risk Management and Internal Control Committee, Publicity Department of the Party
     Committee, General Executive Office, the Board Executive Office, Risk Management Department, other
     relevant departments of the head office, as well as branches, sub-branches and subsidiaries. The Senior
     Management is responsible for managing and organizing the reputational risk management across the
     Bank as well as the formulation and improvement of relevant systems and policies for reputational risk
     management of the Company.

     During the reporting period, the Company adhered to the bottom line of reputational risk management.
     By prioritizing front-end risk prevention and control, optimizing full-process management, and improving
     digital management tools, it promoted the transformation of reputational risk management from passive
     response to proactive prevention, effectively enhancing management effectiveness compared with the
     previous period and strictly guarding against major reputational risk events. Meanwhile, focusing on
     implementing the spirit of important meetings of the CPC Central Committee and the Zhejiang Provincial
     Party Committee and Provincial Government, serving key initiatives including the “Five Finances”, the
     Company’s core strategies such as “Deepening the Development in Zhejiang”, as well as its distinctive
     businesses including tech finance and cross-border finance, the Company released high-impact reports
     via authoritative media. This has continuously strengthened the systematicity and guidance of positive
     communication and conveyed the sound development momentum of the Company to all stakeholders.

9.   Strategic risk management
     Strategic risk refers to the risk arising from any improper operational strategy or change in the external
     business environments, including improper strategic design, inappropriate strategic implementation and
     inapplicable stated strategy as a result of changes in the internal and external environments.

     The objective of our strategic risk management is to control our strategic risk within a reasonable range
     acceptable to us by continuously improving the strategic risk management system.

     The Company’s strategic risk management system consists of the Board of Directors, Senior
     Management, Risk Management and Internal Control Committee, Risk Management Department,
     Development and Planning Department, Audit Department, Technology Management Department, other
     relevant departments of the head office, as well as domestic and foreign branches, sub-branches and
     subsidiaries.
060    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis


               Adhering to the principle of “clear responsibilities, proactive prevention, overall evaluation and timely
               adjustment”, the Company constantly improves and refines the strategic risk management system
               suitable for the scale and features of its business, and has realized effective management of strategic
               risks. Main management measures include: Guided by Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese
               Characteristics for a New Era, we fully implemented the spirit of the Fourth Plenary Session of the
               20th CPC Central Committee and earlier plenary sessions of the 20th CPC Central Committee. In
               accordance with the arrangements of the Central Economic Work Conference and the Central Financial
               Work Conference, we earnestly upheld the political essence and people-centered nature of financial
               work, remained committed to the vision of building “a first-class commercial bank” and comprehensively
               opened a new journey of high-quality development.

      10.      Compliance risk management
               Compliance risk refers to the risk of legal sanctions, regulatory penalties, significant financial losses and
               reputational losses that may result from the failure to comply with laws, rules and standards.

               The objectives of our compliance risk management are to establish a sound compliance risk management
               framework and promote the development of a comprehensive risk management system which enables us
               to operate in a lawful and compliant manner.

               The Company’s compliance risk management system consists of the Board of Directors, Senior
               Management, Risk Management and Internal Control Committee, Risk Management Department, Internal
               Control and Compliance and Legal Affairs Department, Audit Department, other relevant departments
               of the head office as well as branches, sub-branches and subsidiaries. The Senior Management is
               responsible for implementing and organizing the compliance risk management as well as the formulation
               and implementation of each basic system and policy for compliance risk management.

               During the reporting period, the Company closely monitored changes in the economic and financial
               landscape, earnestly implemented various national policies and regulatory requirements, clarified
               its compliance management plan, steadily advanced the implementation of various internal control
               and compliance management initiatives, and continuously improved the quality and effectiveness
               of its compliance management. It furthered the development of a compliance culture, continued to
               implement the compliance commitment system, strengthened the dissemination of typical cases,
               enhanced employee warning education, and promoted the construction of “Rule of Law in CZBank”,
               making proactive compliance, full-staff compliance, and compliance-driven value creation a shared
               consensus. The Company improved its rules and regulations system, advanced the digitalization of
               system management, and strengthened system implementation, supervision and evaluation. Adopting
               a problem-oriented approach, it intensified internal supervision, inspections and rectification of
               identified issues, effectively managing and controlling compliance risks. It also adhered to technological
               empowerment, continuously implemented the “embedded” compliance mechanism, integrated
               compliance management requirements into business processes to the greatest extent possible, and
               raised the digital and intelligent level of compliance management.
                                                                                             Annual Report 2025   061




                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis


11.   Large exposure administration
      According to the Measures for the Administration of the Large Exposures of Commercial Banks (No.
      1 Order [2018] of Former CBIRC (《商業銀行大額風險暴露管理辦法》(原中國銀保監會2018年第1號令)),
      large exposure means the exposure of a commercial bank to a single client or a group of connected
      clients exceeding 2.5% of its net tier 1 capital. The Company has established a sound mechanism
      for the administration of large exposures, continued to improve the functions of the large exposure
      administration system, and commenced the measurement, monitoring and reporting of large exposures in
      an orderly manner. As of the end of the reporting period, all indicators of the Company’s large exposures
      were in compliance with the regulatory limits.

12.   Information technology risk management
      Information technology risk refers to any operational, legal and reputational risk arising from natural
      factors, human factors, technical bugs and management defects in connection with the application of
      information technologies by the Company.

      The objectives of our information technology risk management are to control our information technology
      risk within a reasonable range acceptable to us, promote business innovation, enhance application level
      of information technology, and intensify core competence and sustainable development capability.

      The Company’s information technology risk management system consists of the Board of Directors,
      cyber security leadership team, digital reform promotion leadership group, Senior Management, Chief
      Information Officer (CIO), Risk Management and Internal Control Committee, information technology
      management committee, data governance committee, business continuity management committee,
      the Risk Management Department, Internal Control and Compliance and Legal Affairs Department,
      Technology Management Department, Audit Department, other relevant departments of the head
      office as well as branches, sub-branches and subsidiaries. The Senior Management is responsible
      for implementing and organizing the information technology risk management as well as organizing
      the formulation and implementation of relevant systems and policies for information technology risk
      management.

      The Company has established a relatively well-organized information technology risk management
      mechanism and process system, and in accordance with the ISO20000, ISO22301, ISO27001 and
      ISO27701 management system and regulatory requirements, comprehensively formulated relevant
      system processes and implementation rules; it has established relatively well-organized systems for
      business continuity management, information technology outsourcing risk management, network security
      management, data security management, information technology services management etc. and a
      relatively well-standardized information technology risk monitoring and assessment mechanism.

      During the reporting period, the Company systematically pursued the strategy of developing the bank
      through technology, improved its IT governance system, and advanced digital transformation and the
      upgrading of data governance, empowering business models and operation management in an all-round
      way. It comprehensively promoted the development of intelligent network security operation, basic data
      security safeguards, and personal information protection compliance systems, enhancing capabilities
      including proactive network security defense, data security control and personal information protection.
      It focused on risk monitoring, assessment, measurement, control and reporting regarding the operation
      of important information systems, and optimized and upgraded digital operation and maintenance.
062    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis


               It continued to build the “two cities, multiple centers” system, strengthening basic resource support
               capabilities such as intra-city dual-active deployment and off-site disaster recovery. It further advanced
               emergency management, optimized disaster recovery strategies and technical routes, and carried out
               cross-month intra-city traffic scheduling and switching drills to improve business continuity and disaster
               recovery capabilities. During the reporting period, the information systems operated stably, and no major
               information technology risk incidents occurred.

      13.      Anti-money laundering management
               The Company has improved the money laundering risk management mechanism under the
               comprehensive risk management framework in accordance with the anti-money laundering laws and
               regulations, including the Anti-money Laundering Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和
               國反洗錢法》), the Administrative Measures for Anti-money Laundering and Counter-terrorist Financing
               of Financial Institutions in the Banking Sector (《銀行業金融機構反洗錢和反恐怖融資管理辦法》), the
               Guidelines for the Management of Money Laundering and Terrorist Financing Risks for Corporate
               Financial Institutions (for Trial Implementation) (《法人金融機構洗錢和恐怖融資風險管理指引（試行）》)
               and the Administrative Measures on Customer Due Diligence and Preservation of Customer Identity
               Information and Transaction Records of Financial Institutions (《金融機構客戶盡職調查和客戶身份資料
               及交易記錄保存管理辦法》), so as to further solidify the foundation of anti-money laundering works and
               continuously improve the quality and effectiveness of anti-money laundering management.

               During the reporting period, the Company strictly complied with the laws and regulations on anti-money
               laundering, and seriously fulfilled its legal obligations and social responsibilities in anti-money laundering.
               It continued to improve the anti-money laundering system framework and implemented legal, regulatory
               and supervisory requirements; it strengthened customer money laundering risk management and
               improved the effectiveness of customer due diligence; it prepared monitoring reports for large-value and
               suspicious transactions, deepened AI applications, and continuously optimized the suspicious transaction
               monitoring model; it upgraded anti-money laundering system functions, deepened anti-money laundering
               data governance, and enhanced the level of digitization; it improved risk prevention and control
               mechanisms in key areas, and strengthened the management of high-risk businesses and customers; it
               intensified anti-money laundering supervision, inspection and risk screening, and provided business risk
               warnings to relevant departments; it organized anti-money laundering publicity and training to improve
               the anti-money laundering competence of all staff; it actively cooperated with anti-money laundering
               investigations and assisted investigations to strictly implement various anti-money laundering regulatory
               requirements.

      (VIII) Business Summary
               CZBank anchored the development vision of becoming a “first-class commercial bank”, took “Deepening
               the Development in Zhejiang” and serving the real economy as the foothold, and thoroughly practiced
               the development principles of “developing the bank through refined management, upgrading the bank
               through quality service, invigorating the bank through technological innovation, and strengthening
               the bank through talent cultivation”. It has continuously built distinctive competitive advantages,
               systematically consolidated the foundation for sound and sustainable development, and fully embarked
               on a new journey of high-quality development.
                                                                                             Annual Report 2025   063




                                                 Management Discussion and Analysis


1.   Corporate Business
     Customer-oriented, promoting dual growth in customer base and scale. In 2025, the Company
     comprehensively reshaped its corporate customer marketing system. By developing batch-oriented
     customer engagement scenarios, conducting targeted R&D on featured products, and building a
     comprehensive service system, it upgraded its business model from single-customer marketing to an
     “ecosystem-based, batch-based” customer group operation. Meanwhile, the Company continued to
     refine its tiered and classified service mechanism for corporate customers, established a scenario-based
     marketing service model, and matched differentiated service plans and resource support to effectively
     meet customer needs. It adopted a package of measures to achieve growth in both customer base
     and business scale. As at the end of the reporting period, the Company served more than 290,000
     corporate clients, representing an increase of 11.83% from the beginning of the year. The balance of
     RMB-denominated on-balance-sheet assets for corporate clients stood at RMB1,086.033 billion, an
     increase of RMB70.188 billion or 6.91% from the beginning of the year.

     Serving the real customer base, assisting the transformation and development of the
     manufacturing industry. The Company persisted in serving the real economy, strengthened policy
     guarantees, promoted product innovation, and assisted manufacturing enterprises in developing towards
     high-end, intelligent, and green orientations. Focusing on the perspective of advanced manufacturing
     industrial clusters, it effectively helped the rapid development of the advanced manufacturing industry by
     introducing special empowerment measures. In 2025, manufacturing loans maintained steady growth. As
     at the end of the reporting period, the balance of loans invested in the manufacturing industry across the
     Bank was RMB286.725 billion, an increase of RMB13.504 billion over the beginning of the year.

     Serving the construction of the Zhejiang headquarter, effectively carrying out works in financial
     guarantees within the province. The Company steadily advanced the strategy of “Deepening the
     Development in Zhejiang”, continuously strengthened government-bank and bank-enterprise cooperation,
     enhanced service capabilities with financial advisors as the bond, fully guaranteed financing support
     for key regions, key projects, and key customers within the province, and accurately assisted the
     high-quality development of Zhejiang Province. As at the end of the reporting period, the Company’s
     corporate loan balance within Zhejiang Province was RMB395.2 billion, an increase of RMB60.9 billion
     over the beginning of the year.

     Focusing on sci-tech self-reliance and self-strengthening, providing targeted support to nurture
     new-quality productive forces. The Company has established a distinctive “sci-tech financial service
     system underpinned by its talent pool”. It has rolled out the “Science for Good Companionship Plan”
     as a dedicated sci-tech finance development initiative, built a professional sci-tech finance team,
     and developed a tailored evaluation mechanism. We have upgraded 30 major exclusive product lines
     covering 15 key sci-tech finance scenarios. Focusing on key industries including biomedicine, integrated
     circuits, aerospace, and artificial intelligence, we have actively supported a large number of technology
     enterprises and continuously strengthened financial support for priority sci-tech sectors. As of the end
     of the reporting period, we had served 35,774 technology enterprises, with an outstanding sci-tech loan
     balance of RMB270.807 billion, and provided services to 4,290 high-level talents.
064    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis


               Continuously improving the digital and intelligent capabilities of supply chain finance, creating
               differentiated service advantages. The Company takes digital transformation as its core driving force,
               closely aligns with the national strategy of building a modern industrial system, and deepens the digital
               reform of supply chain finance. We strive to elevate the quality of our digital and intelligent services,
               accelerate the shift from a “capital provider” to a “value co-creator”, and build a new financial service
               paradigm that covers the entire transaction chain and full life cycle of real-economy enterprises. Through
               systematic innovation in four dimensions — process reengineering, credit model innovation, technology
               empowerment and service upgrading — we have upgraded our customer service platform and integrated
               our product management middle platform, forming a full-chain, full-scenario and full-product supply chain
               financial service solution. We have focused on developing distinctive service advantages in new-quality
               productive forces sectors such as power, energy and new energy vehicles. As of the end of the reporting
               period, we served more than 4,000 digital supply chain projects, with cumulative financing exceeding
               RMB1.1 trillion, and served over 98,000 upstream and downstream clients.

      2.       International Business
               The Company has closely followed the Belt and Road initiative and the pace of enterprises “going
               global”, and continuously enhanced the innovation of diversified cross-border financial products. Relying
               on the dual-linkage platform of the Free Trade Zone sub-accounting unit and the Hong Kong Branch,
               we have built two major brands: “CZB Silk Road Finance” and “CZB Global Trading Treasure”. By
               leveraging five major service systems — global account and settlement services, integrated liquidity
               financing, one-stop commercial and investment banking financing, immersive customer-centric forex
               trading, and scenario-based new foreign trade models — we have provided “going global” enterprises
               with high-quality comprehensive cross-border financial services covering local and foreign currencies,
               domestic and foreign trade, as well as offshore and onshore businesses, fully supporting the development
               of the real economy in foreign investment and foreign trade sectors.

               During the reporting period, we served over 24,000 export-orientated enterprises and provided foreign
               exchange trading services of USD188.0 billion, among which USD69.2 billion was generated via “CZB
               Global Trading Treasure”, with investment in cross-border financial assets of RMB269.5 billion.

      3.       Bill Business
               The bill business line remained committed to the fundamental purpose of serving the real economy, to
               continuously promote the full life-cycle circular operation of bills.

               During the reporting period, the Company comprehensively employed a full range of bill products
               including acceptance, guarantee and discounting to serve 24,600 corporate clients, representing a
               year-on-year increase of 3.64%, and continuously expanded the coverage of bill services. The annual
               bill discount volume exceeded RMB500 billion, of which commercial bill discount volume reached nearly
               RMB300 billion, maintaining a leading market position.

               As the first corporate bank in Zhejiang Province connected to the supply chain bill platform, the Company
               actively promoted the innovative application of supply chain bills. In July 2025, it issued the market’s first
               sci-tech innovation supply chain bill ABN product, which effectively enriched the customer service model
               and was widely recognized by the market and regulators.
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025     065




                                                          Management Discussion and Analysis


          The Company actively carried out the financial advisor live broadcast series “Integrity & Service at Core,
          Bills Connect the Nation”, which aroused widespread attention and positive feedback from all sectors of
          society, and received the 2025 Golden Tripod Award by Sina Finance. According to the evaluation results
          of the Shanghai Commercial Paper Exchange for 2025, the Company won nine major awards, including
          “Outstanding Comprehensive Business Institution” (優秀綜合業務機構), “Outstanding Discounting
          Institution” (優秀貼現機構) and “Outstanding Trading Institution” (優秀交易機構).

4.        Retail Business
          During the reporting period, under the guidance of the “6+1” system of “customers, products, teams,
          channels, assessment, services, and risk compliance”, the Company’s retail business focused on
          eight major customer bases to consolidate the development foundation, expanded new models of
          scenario-based operations, continued to strengthen the construction of digital channels, and achieved
          relatively fast development.

(1)       Individual customers and financial assets under management for individual customers
          During the reporting period, the Company focused on eight major customer groups, including payroll
          customers, silver-haired customers and platform customers, achieving diversified customer acquisition
          and a significant expansion in customer base. It continuously implemented tiered and classified customer
          management and deepened customer operation. Adopting a customer-centric approach, the Company
          conducted effective cross-selling and asset allocation to continuously create value for customers.

          As at the end of the reporting period, the Company had 18.6082 million individual customers (including
          debit and credit card customers) 1; customers with an average monthly/daily AUM of RMB200,000
          and above reached 627,800, representing an increase of 26.46% over the beginning of the year; the
          balance of financial assets under management (AUM) for individual customers was RMB770.369 billion,
          representing an increase of 22.91% over the beginning of the year.

(2)       Individual Deposits and Loans Business
          During the reporting period, the Company adhered to the business strategy of pursuing a balance
          between business volume and pricing, and proactively adapted to market changes. Firstly, focusing on
          the three priorities of “consolidating the customer base, achieving balanced and efficient growth, and
          optimizing business structure”, the Company developed ten scenarios for attracting low-cost deposits,
          further consolidating a stable and low-cost retail liability base. Secondly, centered on customer needs
          and experience, the Company continuously enhanced and improved its product system, strengthened
          digital marketing empowerment, and achieved substantial growth in business scale. As at the end of
          the reporting period, the Company’s personal deposits balance was RMB395.772 billion, an increase of
          29.92% over the beginning of the year, and the proportion of personal deposits balance to the customer
          deposits increased by 3.52 percentage points over the beginning of the year. The average daily balance
          of low-cost deposits, including personal current deposits and call deposits, was RMB73.984 billion, an
          increase of 11.67%. The interest payment cost of personal deposits declined significantly compared with
          the beginning of the year, and the proportion of low-interest deposits in operating income continued to
          increase.



Note1: This figure does not include online loan customers. As at the end of the reporting period, the Company had a total of
       37,279,200 retail customers (including online loan customers).
066    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis


               During the reporting period, the Company actively implemented the policy requirements of the state and
               regulatory departments, strictly enforced personal housing credit policies, supported residents’ basic
               and improvement housing needs, actively fulfilled social responsibilities, and maintained the stability
               of the real estate market. As at the end of the reporting period, the Company’s personal housing loan
               balance was RMB186.339 billion, an increase of 10.83% over the beginning of the year. The Company
               fully implemented the central government’s decisions and deployments on expanding domestic demand,
               actively supported the special action plan for boosting consumption, implemented the fiscal discount
               policy for personal consumer loans, increased the issuance of consumer loans and continued to expand
               customer acquisition through scenario-based operations, and continuously improved the quality and
               efficiency of retail loan services. As at the end of the reporting period, the Company’s retail loans
               (including personal housing loans and personal consumer loans) amounted to RMB304.696 billion,
               representing an increase of 6.71% over the beginning of the year.

      (3)      Wealth Management
               During the reporting period, the Company innovated and iterated its service and product system based
               on customer needs, and the wealth management agency business maintained steady growth. As at the
               end of the reporting period, the retained scale of retail wealth management distribution increased by
               16.45% year-on-year.

               During the reporting period, the Company adhered to the dual-wheel drive of “independent research +
               rigorous selection”. Based on residents’ wealth management needs of “prioritizing stability while steadily
               increasing equity allocation”, and focusing on the themes of refinement, scenario-based application
               and portfolio allocation, the Company continuously enriched its asset allocation strategies and agency
               product lineup, committing itself to improving clients’ investment return experience. First, in view of
               the low-interest-rate market environment and clients’ demand for sophisticated returns, the Company
               focused on enriching a variety of “fixed income+” product strategies. During the reporting period, the
               retained scale of “fixed income+” products distributed by the Company increased by 156.90% year on
               year. Second, seizing favorable opportunities in the capital market, the Company vigorously promoted
               the development of the mutual fund agency business. Centered on fund agency business, the Company
               built the “CZBank Strict Selection” system. Guided by the philosophy of “staying committed to the long
               term and focusing on excess returns”, and through rigorous selection criteria combining quantitative
               and qualitative measures, the Company strived to select high-quality products with long-term value
               appreciation for clients. During the reporting period, the retained scale of the Company’s non-money
               market mutual funds increased by 57.03% year on year. Third, based on national policy orientations
               and the Company’s development strategy, the Company launched exclusive scenario-based
               products. During the reporting period, focusing on themes including the “Five Financings”, Zhejiang’s
               high-quality development and the construction of a common prosperity demonstration zone, as well
               as the Company’s “Deepened Development in Zhejiang” strategy, the Company launched competitive
               customized wealth management products, such as the “Jin Gui Ren Sheng” Exclusive Model, “Common
               Prosperity Model”, “26 Mountainous Counties Model” and “Linping Financial Demonstration Zone
               Exclusive Model”. Fourth, driven by digital and intelligent transformation, the Company enhanced the
               empowerment efficiency of investment research and wealth advisory. On the one hand, relying on the
               MAPS asset allocation system independently developed by the Company, the Company conducted
               in-depth diagnosis of clients’ holding portfolios throughout the customer life cycle and in light of risk
               preferences, and provided personalized exclusive product portfolio recommendations, promoting the
               transformation and upgrading of the wealth management agency business from “selling single products”
               to “allocating portfolios”. During the reporting period, the number of clients using the MAPS asset
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025    067




                                                    Management Discussion and Analysis


      allocation system increased by 74.81% year on year. On the other hand, the Company accelerated
      the application of AI in investment research and wealth advisory. For wealth managers, the Company
      launched the “Intelligent Training Assistant”. Through AI digital persona role-playing and immersive
      interactive practice, it simulated customer interactions in various scenarios, helping wealth managers
      identify customer needs, refine service highlights, optimize marketing skills and obtain professional
      improvement suggestions. For investment research personnel, the Company planned and developed the
      “AI Investment Research Assistant Agent”. Through large model empowerment in investment research
      scenarios such as information search, document reading, data calculation and report writing, it improved
      the efficiency of product research and asset allocation.

(4)   Private Banking
      During the reporting period, the Company’s private banking business focused on deep customer
      cultivation and professional services, and comprehensively improved the comprehensive service
      ecosystem for private banking. It actively anchored the main line of serving the real economy, focused
      on livelihood areas such as pension finance and charitable trusts, and assisted groups such as
      entrepreneurs in fulfilling their social responsibilities. As at the end of the reporting period, the Company
      had 17,618 private banking clients, representing an increase of 21.23% over the beginning of the year;
      the balance of financial assets of private banking clients was RMB243.2 billion, an increase of 18.63%
      over the beginning of the year.

      During the reporting period, adhering to the value concept of “Passing on Wealth and Wisdom for
      Sustainable Legacy”, the Company actively built a comprehensive, customized, and digital-intelligent
      integrated operation and service model, providing all-around financial services and characteristic
      value-added services for the personal, family, and career development of private banking clients. First,
      it continuously optimized the management structure of the private banking business, strengthened
      professional training and the construction of the qualification certification system, and forged a private
      banking professional team with excellent comprehensive qualities and outstanding professional
      capabilities. Second, it built a distinctive, customer-recognized, tiered, and classified private banking
      customer rights system to accurately match clients’ diversified needs. Third, focusing on clients’
      diversified asset allocation needs, it created a multi-strategy, full-category private banking product matrix,
      providing clients with professional asset allocation solutions. Fourth, closely following national strategies
      and livelihood needs, it innovatively landed the “charity + pension” product-donation charitable trust
      business, handling the pension finance in proper way. Fifth, based on systematic construction, supported
      by institutionalized operation and driven by digital intelligence, it devoted itself to shaping a private
      banking service brand with market influence.

(5)   Credit Card (Consumer Finance) Business
      During the reporting period, the Company firmly adhered to the “small and smart” development
      positioning for credit cards. Closely revolving around residents’ consumer financial service needs, it
      deepened product innovation and service upgrading, fully promoted the vehicle purchase installment
      business, and continuously enhanced market competitiveness. As at the end of the reporting period,
      the Company cumulatively issued 4.6416 million credit cards, an increase of 218,100 cards over the
      beginning of the year; the balance of credit card (consumer finance) loans was RMB33.678 billion, an
      increase of RMB300 million over the beginning of the year.
068     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis


                 The Company devoted itself to building a new credit card operation pattern with distinctive product
                 features, strong consumption promotion, and a perfect digital ecosystem. First, it created a characteristic
                 product system. It innovatively launched the CZBank Goodness Family Card (浙銀善家卡) and the
                 CZBank • Picturesque Zhejiang Cultural Tourism Co-branded Credit Card (浙商银行•詩畫浙江文旅聯名
                 信用卡); targeting high-end customers, it issued the Zhi Shan Diamond Credit Card (至善鑽石信用卡),
                 refining the differentiated product layout. Second, it took multiple measures to stimulate consumption.
                 It deepened the “Red Monday” (紅動) series of brand activities, seized important consumption nodes
                 such as the Spring Festival and Double Eleven, and increased the placement of preferential activities
                 on mainstream platforms; it actively responded to the national “trade-in” policy and launched exclusive
                 coupon activities on mainstream channels to help boost consumption. Third, it strengthened digital
                 operation and scenario ecosystem construction. Using privacy computing technology, it deepened the
                 refined operation of the entire customer life cycle; on the mobile banking APP, it innovatively created
                 three major online zones: “Car Owners’ Zone”, “Local Life”, and “Discount Shopping”, building a card
                 usage ecosystem integrating consumption, payment, and service.

                 Closely following the new development trends of the domestic automobile industry, the Company focused
                 on the auto loan installment business. It actively advanced cooperation with leading new energy vehicle
                 manufacturers and dealers, improved approval efficiency and service quality, continuously enhanced
                 customer experience, and achieved relatively rapid growth in auto loan installment business.

      5.         Small Enterprises Business
                 During the reporting period, the Company’s small enterprise business deeply practiced the political
                 responsibility and people-centered nature of financial work, actively advanced customer-centric
                 comprehensive collaborative reform, further optimized the asset structure, steadily advanced
                 scenario-based customer acquisition, digital empowerment, and comprehensive operation. It iteratively
                 upgraded the inclusive finance customer acquisition and business development model for micro and
                 small enterprises, and endeavored to deliver high-quality inclusive finance services.

                 As at the end of the reporting period, all domestic branches of the Company had launched small and
                 micro enterprise loan businesses. The balance of inclusive small and micro enterprise loans1 was
                 RMB357.227 billion, an increase of RMB1.802 billion over the beginning of the year, accounting for
                 20.33% of total loans, maintaining a leading position among national commercial banks. The interest
                 rate of newly issued inclusive small and micro enterprise loans decreased by 63 BPs year-on-year; the
                 non-performing ratio of inclusive small and micro enterprise loans stood at 1.70%.




      Note1: According to the regulatory assessment criteria of the National Financial Regulatory Administration for inclusive small
             and micro enterprise loans, both “inclusive small and micro enterprise loans” and “total loans” exclude data related to bill
             discounting and rediscounting.
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025    069




                                                    Management Discussion and Analysis


(1)   Deepening the Development in Zhejiang, proactively serving the overall development of the whole
      province
      First, the Company actively participated in building a county-level comprehensive financial ecosystem.
      It firmly supported the key work of local Party committees and governments, strengthened
      government-bank coordination, took the initiative to connect with key government departments of all
      counties (districts), and deeply engaged in local government platforms and key projects. Based on the
      distinctive local industries in each county, it fully explored characteristic scenarios with market potential,
      extended the main channels of financial services to the grassroots level, better served local customers,
      and supported the common prosperity of county economies. Second, the Company provided targeted
      support to its branches through the “one policy for one branch” approach. It implemented differentiated
      management in credit scale, credit approval authority, operational resources and financial resources,
      and carried out special programs for inclusive financial services for micro and small enterprises in
      line with local economic and social development priorities and the key work of Party committees and
      governments, so as to precisely meet the development needs of all regions within the province. As at
      the end of the reporting period, the balance of inclusive loans to small and micro enterprises granted by
      provincial branches accounted for more than 40% of the total, and the newly issued such loans during
      the year accounted for 48.35% of the total new inclusive loans to small and micro enterprises.

(2)   Exploring scenarios, iteratively upgrading the customer acquisition and business development model
      First, the Company further deepened the identification of scenario-based needs and marketing initiatives
      for corporate clients. It newly upgraded its “10+N Comprehensive Financial Service Plan for Industrial
      Parks” to fully address the full-cycle financial needs of enterprises throughout their entry, relocation,
      commissioning and ongoing operations. As at the end of the reporting period, the scale of business
      related to small enterprise parks exceeded RMB100 billion, representing an increase of RMB10.883 billion
      from the beginning of the year. Second, the Company intensified the development of scenario-based
      customer acquisition channels. Focusing on key scenarios – including government cooperation projects,
      characteristic industries, core enterprises, specialized markets and small and micro enterprise parks
      – it embedded financial services into various production and operational scenarios of target customer
      groups, ensuring the precise and effective delivery of financial products to micro and small enterprises.
      Third, the Company strengthened cooperation with leading internet platforms. It established partnerships
      with top internet platforms and technology companies such as Alibaba and Tencent. By focusing on the
      customer ecosystems and scenarios of these partners and leveraging their substantial traffic advantages,
      the Company achieved large-scale customer acquisition and traffic conversion.

(3)   Digital empowerment, comprehensively deepening business transformation and development
      First, the Company adopted an online-offline integrated approach. Focusing on high-quality micro and
      small enterprises (MSEs) in upstream and downstream industrial and service chains as well as within key
      ecosystems, it leveraged the advantages of digital products to achieve large-scale customer acquisition,
      and initially established the “1+1+N” digital service system. As at the end of the reporting period, the
      balance of digital business reached RMB7.251 billion, an increase of RMB2.793 billion from the beginning
      of the year. Second, the Company built a digital marketing platform for inclusive MSEs. It promoted the
      application of digital marketing tools such as visual marketing dashboards and marketing assistants,
      enhanced customer service capabilities on the WeChat Work terminal, and established a one-stop
      operation system covering the entire marketing lifecycle.
070    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis


      (4)      Consolidating the customer base, steadily improving comprehensive service levels
               First, the Company enriched the comprehensive collaborative scenario system to deepen service
               penetration. It deepened the replication and promotion of mature collaborative scenarios, and conducted
               scenario-based customer acquisition and customer referral around micro and small enterprises in the
               upstream and downstream of core enterprises. It encouraged branches and sub-branches to leverage
               regional resource advantages, integrate with local characteristic industries, and develop distinctive
               regional collaborative scenarios including photovoltaic loans and merchant acquiring services for
               individual industrial and commercial households. Second, the Company strengthened the development
               of the micro and small enterprise customer base to consolidate a solid foundation for growth. It actively
               shifted to integrated operation and refined customer management, and vigorously promoted financial
               products such as international settlement, payroll agency services and wealth management, so as to
               meet customers’ comprehensive financial service needs.

      6.       Investment Banking Business
               The investment banking business remained committed to serving the real economy as its fundamental
               purpose. We focused on developing a full life-cycle bond business system, pursuing the dual-wheel drive
               of asset circulation, and delivering comprehensive services to high-quality clients, so as to advance the
               high-quality development of investment banking.

               During the reporting period, the Company utilized investment banking products to serve 1,685 clients
               such as central state-owned enterprises and private enterprises, an increase of 26.50% over the same
               period last year. The investment banking realized an FPA of RMB693.278 billion, an increase of 21.05%
               over the same period last year.

               In the bond business, we underwrote bonds worth RMB196.030 billion, with outstanding performance
               in characteristic segments including the underwriting of first-time issuers, private corporate bonds, and
               sci-tech innovation bonds. The credit enhancement business reached RMB4.184 billion, retaining its
               leading position in the market. As the first bank in the market to systematically launch and promote the
               bond resale business, we achieved an actual participation volume of RMB20.622 billion, ranking among
               the forefront of the industry. We also developed businesses such as cash tender offers, establishing and
               improving a full-chain, full-life-cycle bond service system.

               In terms of asset development, we expanded our total service scale through syndicated loans, M&A
               financing, non-standard assets and other products, with a total FPA of RMB92.258 billion. We
               participated in key project construction by way of syndicated loans, and the committed amount of project
               syndicated loans during the reporting period reached RMB30.783 billion. We opened up a new path for
               business structure adjustment by facilitating the acquisition of high-quality assets and the disposal of
               risky assets through secondary market trading of syndicated loans, with a transaction circulation volume
               of RMB1.543 billion.

               In terms of credit asset circulation, we achieved a circulation scale of RMB14.125 billion, of which the
               issuance volume of credit ABS reached RMB7.771 billion, ranking sixth among peer banks and first
               among joint-stock banks, with normalized issuance of credit ABS in place. In addition, in accordance
               with the Guiding Opinions of the General Office of the State Council on Effectively Advancing the “Five
               Finances” Initiatives (Guo Ban Fa [2025] No. 8) (
                                                               《國務院辦公廳關於做好金融「五篇大文章」的指導意見》                           (國
               辦發[2025]8號)), we are currently the only national joint-stock bank in the market with eight consecutive
               years of micro and small enterprise loan securitization issuances.
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025    071




                                                    Management Discussion and Analysis


7.   Financial Market Business
     The Company has continuously strengthened market research, judgment and trading strategy execution,
     adopted flexible asset and liability management measures to proactively response to market changes.
     During the reporting period, the Company leveraged its market-making strengths and characteristics
     in fixed income, foreign exchange, precious metals and other businesses. It has steadily enhanced its
     capabilities in investment research, customer service, risk compliance and digital operation, actively
     served the real economy, and promoted the high-quality development of financial market business.

     In the domestic currency market, the Company continuously strengthened macroeconomic research
     and market judgment, optimized its investment research analysis framework and investment portfolio
     structure, and made flexible use of hedging tools. While achieving steady investment returns, it actively
     fulfilled its market-making responsibilities and served national strategic priorities. During the reporting
     period, the Company was recognized as an outstanding market maker or core market maker by three
     major policy bank issuers. It innovatively launched the market’s first Zhejiang regional sci-tech innovation
     bond basket, the “CZBank Selected Zhejiang Enterprise Sci-Tech Innovation Bond Basket”. Together
     with Shanghai Clearing House, it co-released the Shanghai Clearing House-CZBank Commercial Bank
     Sci-Tech Innovation Bond Index. It also achieved breakthroughs in innovative businesses including
     standard bond forwards and standardized interbank certificates of deposit. The Company was honored
     with titles including “Market Influential Institution of the Year” and “Market Innovative Business Institution”
     by the National Interbank Funding Center. It has earnestly implemented the “Five Finances” deployment,
     advanced sci-tech financial innovation, and realized the coordinated improvement of business scale,
     structural optimization and market influence.

     In the foreign currency market, the Company continuously optimized its product portfolio and service
     models, earned market recognition across multiple business lines, and received several institutional
     awards from the National Interbank Funding Center. These included the Excellent Service Enterprise
     Exchange Rate Risk Management Member Award, Excellent Technology Service Support Institution,
     Excellent Foreign Currency Borrowing Quotation Bank, Excellent Foreign Currency Borrowing Member,
     Excellent Foreign Currency Repurchase Member, and Excellent Foreign Currency Interest Rate Swap
     Member.

     In the precious metals market, the Company was committed to building a professional proprietary trading
     brand, formulated market-adapted trading strategies, continuously improved its comprehensive service
     system, and achieved sound progress in market-making, product innovation and customer services.
     During the reporting period, the Company became a market maker in the interbank gold inquiry market of
     the Shanghai Gold Exchange. It ranked second in gold market-making at the Shanghai Futures Exchange
     and first in silver market-making across the market.

     In terms of digital development, the Company continued to deepen digital transformation with the goal of
     enhancing the core competitiveness of its financial market business. It focused on building an intelligent
     market-making system covering multiple products including fixed income, foreign exchange and precious
     metals, and established an ecosystem that integrates core links such as investment research, trading,
     and sales.
072    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis


      8.       Financial Institution Business
               During the reporting period, adhering to a customer-centric and professionalism-driven approach
               and taking the building of comprehensive capabilities as the foundation, the Company has stayed
               fully focused on the fundamentals of business operations, deepened synergistic customer portfolio
               management, and continuously enriched collaboration scenarios. It has achieved the upgrade from
               traditional product-based cooperation to customer-centric integrated services, effectively enhancing the
               comprehensive value derived from customer groups.

               Continuously strengthening the development of its financial institution client base. The Company has
               actively established a financial peer cooperation ecosystem, rebuilt the “Common Benefit” platform, and
               systematically developed a one-stop integrated service platform for financial institution clients, offering
               comprehensive product and service offerings including capital financing, interbank agency, counter
               bonds, and asset supermarket services. As at the end of the reporting period, the cumulative transaction
               volume of the platform exceeded RMB1.3 trillion.

               Steadily promoting the interbank asset and liability business. The Company has strengthened investment
               research to enhance standardized asset investment capabilities and effectively serve the Bank’s
               high-quality corporate clients, proactively adjusted the liability structure to effectively reduce the interest
               payment rate. During the reporting period, the interest rate on RMB interbank deposits decreased by 46
               basis points compared to last year.

               Successfully carrying out the issuance of financial bonds. During the reporting period, the Company
               issued small and micro financial bonds of RMB20.0 billion, ordinary financial bonds of RMB20.0 billion,
               green financial bonds of RMB5.0 billion, and sci-tech innovation bonds of RMB5.0 billion. These
               issuances effectively supplemented the funding sources for inclusive finance, green finance, and sci-tech
               innovation, providing strong impetus for the development of the “Five Finances” initiatives.

      9.       Asset Custodian Business
               The Company’s asset custody business focused on the two core objectives: achieving marketing
               breakthroughs in key products and enhancing the quality and efficiency of client services. Taking
               intelligent operations as the foundation, the Company adopted a package of measures to build a custody
               business ecosystem, and comprehensively promoted the high-quality development of the asset custody
               business.

               First, the custody business maintained steady growth, with expanding business scale and an optimized
               structure. As at the end of the reporting period, custody volume reached RMB2.72 trillion, representing
               an increase of RMB209.836 billion, or 8.35%, from the beginning of the year. During the reporting
               period, the business achieved custody income of RMB662 million, up 3.92% year-on-year. The share of
               asset management products stood at 73.66%, up 0.87 percentage point from the end of the previous
               year and 8.7 percentage points higher than the average among joint-stock banks, reflecting continuous
               optimization of the asset custody structure.
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025    073




                                                     Management Discussion and Analysis


       Second, public fund custody maintained rapid growth, with steadily enhanced business competitiveness.
       As at the end of the reporting period, public fund custody volume reached RMB581.911 billion, an
       increase of RMB58.143 billion or 11.10% from the beginning of the year. During the reporting period,
       public fund custody income amounted to RMB389 million, up 13.25% year-on-year, with the growth
       rate ranking third among joint-stock banks. Seizing opportunities arising from market innovation, the
       Company successfully provided custody services for sci-tech innovation bond ETFs, becoming one of the
       six national commercial banks offering such custody services.

       Third, digital development was further advanced, and the quality and efficiency of operational services
       improved comprehensively. Through iterative system upgrades, the automation level of custody
       operations was further enhanced, and customer service capabilities have strengthened significantly. The
       Company innovated its custody operation model, further standardized operating procedures, clarified
       service timelines, operational standards and processes, and continuously improved its comprehensive
       service capabilities. It maintained stable and secure operations throughout the period, with zero risk
       incidents recorded during the reporting period.

(IX)   Financial Technology
       Guided by the vision of being “a first-class commercial bank”, the Company has vigorously advanced
       its digital transformation, steadily strengthened its digital infrastructure, built a robust security line for
       safe operation, enhanced the innovative application of financial technology, and promoted the deep
       integration of “technology, business and data”. It has comprehensively improved its digital operation
       and management capabilities, empowered the quality and efficiency upgrading of business models and
       financial products, and accelerated its evolution toward full digitalization, high automation and overall
       intelligence, fostering new drivers and strengths for high-quality development. During the reporting period,
       the Company received more than 50 authoritative honors and awards, including the Third Prize of the
       2024 FinTech Development Award by the People’s Bank of China, the Typical Case of Network Security
       Technology Application selected by 13 ministries and commissions including the Ministry of Industry and
       Information Technology, and the “Data Elements X” Typical Case by the National Data Administration.

1.     Strengthen Data and Technology-driven Development to Consolidate the
       Foundation of Digital Transformation
       To seize new opportunities in AI development, the Company strengthened the “dual-wheel drive” of
       data elements and technological innovation, significantly elevating the level of technological support
       and empowerment. First, it steadily advanced the “core reconstruction and foundation enhancement”
       initiative, methodically progressing the development of core functions for the next-generation core
       banking system, the supporting upgrades of peripheral systems, and the enhancement of underlying
       infrastructure. The Company upgraded cloud computing resources and optimized heterogeneous
       deployment, establishing a hybrid cloud architecture that further improved the stability and reliability of
       its infrastructure. Second, it comprehensively elevated data governance standards by implementing a
       three-year data governance action plan. It launched an enterprise-level data dictionary, promoted the
       implementation of data standards for the next-generation core system, and further enhanced data quality.
       The Company strengthened the development and management of data assets, deepened the integrated
       application of internal and external data, and created high-quality datasets for the data middle office.
       With over 3,000 indicators and tags established, data support capabilities for business operations and
       management were significantly enhanced. It also advanced the development of a unified, comprehensive,
       and efficient bank-wide data service system, and fully popularized tools such as the big data query and
074    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis


               analysis platform. By the end of the reporting period, the platform had accumulated over 36,000 data
               products, strongly supporting data extraction and application across various business scenarios. Third,
               the Company fully committed to building an AI intelligence-driven engine. It completed the localized
               deployment of mainstream large models and developed the super intelligent assistant “Zhe Xiao Zhi”,
               establishing a unified bank-wide AI capability hub, and enabling the implementation of a range of typical
               AI applications, including trade background verification, intelligent voice quality inspection and automated
               generation of investigation reports. As at the end of the reporting period, the number of interactions with
               “Zhe Xiao Zhi” exceeded 600,000.

      2.       Systematically Promote the Application of Digital Tools to Improve the Digital and
               Intelligent Level of Operation and Management
               The Company continued to build a more efficient, intelligent and refined operation and management
               system, and accelerated the intelligent upgrading of marketing services, risk control, internal management
               and other areas. First, it continuously promoted the transformation and upgrading of omnichannel
               platforms such as mobile banking and online banking and constantly improved the digital marketing
               system, optimized customer tags and customer 360-degree views, and leveraged platforms including
               CRM, Product Mastermind and big data marketing to digitally empower more refined customer operations
               and full coverage of business marketing scenarios. Second, it continued to improve the intelligent risk
               control system, iteratively optimized enterprise-level risk management platforms including big data risk
               control and new-generation anti-money laundering (AML), and established a digital-intelligent oversight
               system driven by the “large models + small models” dual engine. It enhanced the risk control model
               system for both general and specialized scenarios, and developed multiple anti-money laundering models
               including ATM cash withdrawal monitoring and enterprise gang risk detection. Third, it promoted quality
               and efficiency improvement in bank-wide management, upgraded digital application tools including the
               operation and management cockpit, digital HR and RPA, and built a global intelligent analysis platform
               based on real-time computing. This has formed a three-dimensional monitoring system and penetrating
               customer analysis capabilities, and earned the Third Prize of the 2024 Financial Technology Development
               Award.

      3.       Technologically Empower Financial Service Innovation to Stimulate the
               Development Vitality of Digital and Intelligent Finance
               The Company strengthened scenario integration and platform innovation, actively embedding digital
               technologies into the ecological development of government services, people’s livelihoods, inclusive
               micro and small enterprises (MSEs), and industrial chains. It systematically upgraded digital tools
               and platforms, continuously enhanced the innovation of digital products and services, and developed
               intelligent financial solutions to empower the delivery of high-quality digital financial services. First,
               the Company implemented the “Deepening the Development in Zhejiang” strategy, furthering
               collaboration with provincial government departments including the State-owned Assets Supervision and
               Administration Commission of Zhejiang Province and the Department of Commerce of Zhejiang Province.
               It iteratively developed government-focused digital empowerment projects to support government
               agencies in delivering efficient management and public services. Second, the Company expanded the
               coverage of inclusive finance by continuously improving its digital inclusive financial service system. It
               deeply expanded financial service scenarios in small and micro enterprise parks and developed digital
               applications such as the Smart Park Platform, providing tailored comprehensive financial services to
               park operators and resident enterprises. Third, the Company continued to deepen supply chain finance
               scenarios. Leveraging multiple supply chain financial platforms – including the electronic accounts
               receivable voucher platform and the new-generation automotive supply chain platform – it achieved
               connectivity with multiple core enterprises, thereby further strengthening financial support and services
               for upstream and downstream enterprises in the supply chain.
                                                                                              Annual Report 2025    075




                                                   Management Discussion and Analysis


4.    Continuously Fortify Security Risk Barriers to Ensure a Stable and Improving
      Trend in Production Operations
      First, the Company enhanced lean and digital operation and maintenance capabilities, promoted
      the access and governance of diversified alarms, and established a linkage mechanism featuring
      “alarm identification – strategy matching – automatic disposal”. It enriched automated operation and
      maintenance scenarios, optimized emergency operation procedures and plans, and strengthened
      “combat-oriented and normalized” emergency drills. Second, the Company continued to improve its
      “two cities, multiple centers” disaster recovery system, fully completed the dual-active construction work
      for existing application components, optimized the layout of intra-city multi-active data centers, actively
      explored resource dynamic allocation mechanisms, and carried out long-cycle cross-month intra-city
      traffic scheduling and switching drills, enhancing business continuity and disaster recovery capabilities.
      Third, the Company built a solid network defense line and guarded data security, iteratively upgraded
      the “one foundation, five platforms” cybersecurity architecture, and formed a round-the-clock, digital and
      intelligent precise cybersecurity perception, prevention and control capability. It continued to improve
      hierarchical and classified data management, established a “1+4+N” data security technical protection
      system covering full scenarios, and provided real-time data security monitoring and protection for
      application systems and databases across the Bank. Operating efficiency increased by 250%, and the
      relevant project was recognized as an IDC (China) Financial Industry Technology Application Scenario
      Innovation Case.

(X)   E-finance Services
      During the reporting period, the Company established a complete E-finance service system covering
      online banking, mobile banking, remote banking, WeChat banking, bank-enterprise direct connection,
      corporate treasury management, and online settlement services. The replacement rate of transactions
      via electronic channels reached 99.92%, taking a leading position in the industry. During the reporting
      period, the Company vigorously promoted the construction of E-finance channels, enhanced customer
      experience building and improved risk control measures, resulting in steady growth in channel customers,
      continuous improvement in the quality and efficiency of business scale and sustained enhancement of
      channel service capacity.

      Online Banking
      During the reporting period, being customer-oriented, the Company continuously optimized personal
      online banking experience, simplified the operations of frequently used functions, enriched channel
      service scenarios and extended customer channel services. As at the end of the reporting period, the
      Company had 2.4835 million registered customers of personal online banking, representing an increase
      of 1.10% over the beginning of the year.

      During the reporting period, based on the actual needs of enterprises, the Company launched the
      payroll slip function to corporate online banking, optimized core and commonly used functions of
      corporate online banking such as fund transfers and certificate signatures, and implemented the special
      chain-purification operations against telecom and online fraud; it continuously simplified the operation
      of frequently used functions to further reduce customer steps and enhance customer experience. As
      at the end of the reporting period, the Company had 325,600 customers with corporate online banking
      certificates, representing an increase of 12.14% over the beginning of the year.
076    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis


               Mobile Banking
               During the reporting period, the Company iteratively upgraded personal mobile banking to Version 6.0
               and launched the age-friendly “Senior Version”. It revamped the wealth channel, optimized product
               modules including wealth management, deposits and insurance, introduced the mobile banking rewards
               center and the “Good • Life” channel, and improved functions such as fund transfer and remittance, cash
               pooling and local lifestyle services, thereby enhancing customer experience and wealth management
               efficiency. As at the end of the reporting period, the Company had 8.3649 million personal mobile
               banking customers, an increase of 15.75% from the beginning of the year.

               Remote Banking
               The Company’s remote banking upholds the service philosophy of “Customer-Centric, Beyond
               Expectation”. Relying on digital reform and innovation, and integrating multi-channel service platforms,
               big data and intelligent technologies, the Company provides customers with efficient, comprehensive
               and professional high-quality services through intelligent voice, intelligent text robots, telephone agent
               services, online agent services, WeChat and email. Focusing on the three-core strategic positioning of
               “24-hour intelligent service, digital-intelligent operation and smart operation”, it has built a 7x24 remote
               banking service platform.

               During the reporting period, the Bank handled a total of 4.4166 million customer inquiries, up 15.24%
               year on year, with an overall connection rate of 97.36%. Among these, 2.8109 million inquiries were
               handled via telephone, with a manual telephone connection rate of 92.64% and a customer satisfaction
               rate of 99.76%. Online services were provided 1.6057 million times, with an online connection rate of
               99.70%. The Bank continued to deliver more convenient and caring services for elderly customers.
               During the reporting period, the service coverage for elderly customers improved significantly, serving a
               total of 79,900 person-times, up 69.28% year on year, effectively fulfilling its social responsibilities.

               The Company focused on payroll agency customers, senior pension customers and high-potential
               long-tail customer groups. Leveraging diversified operation channels including intelligent AI outbound
               calls, manual outbound calls, SMS and Enterprise WeChat private domain operations, it integrated digital
               and intelligent capabilities such as customer screening models, data-driven analysis and AI marketing
               scenario optimization to improve operation efficiency. During the reporting period, remote banking carried
               out 8.0634 million telephone outbound operations, up 21.96% year on year, continuously empowering
               business development and supporting the Bank’s overall business expansion.
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025    077




                                                     Management Discussion and Analysis


       WeChat Banking
       During the reporting period, the Company was committed to developing WeChat Banking into a key front
       for innovative financial services and brand promotion. The Company’s WeChat Banking consists of the
       CZBank WeChat Official Account and the CZBank Cloud Branch WeChat Mini Program. The CZBank
       WeChat Official Account mainly focuses on brand value and product promotion, and provides practical
       service modules such as “Credit Card & Personal”, “Small & Micro Enterprises & Corporate”, and
       “Recruitment & Services”. The CZBank Cloud Branch WeChat Mini Program offers convenient services
       including offline appointment booking, online business processing, and salon activity registration.

       Bank-Enterprise Direct Connection and Corporate Treasury Management
       During the reporting period, the Company took “financial technology + professional services” as the
       core, and adhered to the principles of digital and intelligent empowerment, business-finance integration,
       and open interconnection. It continuously enhanced bank-enterprise direct connection and treasury
       management services, and completed the basic functions of 6 major service centers for corporate
       treasury management, 3 major service channels, and N characteristic scenario applications. As at the
       end of the reporting period, the Company had 2,774 core clients of bank-enterprise direct connection
       and 114 contracted clients of corporate treasury management.

       Online Settlement Business
       During the reporting period, the Company actively pioneered business innovation, built a mature payment
       and settlement scenario service system, and created four major scenarios of “collection, payment,
       distribution, and management”. Guided by the needs of government agencies and real enterprises
       and institutions, it focused on major scenarios such as bidding, fund management, and acquiring, and
       increased the support and application promotion of online settlement services, forming a brand effect
       and batch-landing a group of central and state-owned enterprise clients.

(XI)   Overseas Branch Business
       Established in 2018, the Company’s Hong Kong Branch is its first overseas branch. It has continued to
       implement the Company’s development strategy, fully leveraged strategic synergies, proactively captured
       cross-border business opportunities, and comprehensively strengthened its cross-border financial service
       capabilities. Through these efforts, its major business lines, including corporate banking, institutional
       banking, financial markets, investment banking and private banking, have achieved steady, high-quality
       development. As the Group’s international development hub, the Hong Kong Branch has actively
       pursued an asset-light business model, focusing on acquiring high-quality “going global” enterprises
       and high-net-worth individual customers, and systematically enhanced its comprehensive capabilities
       and market competitiveness in serving “going global” clients. It takes the overseas platforms of central
       state-owned enterprises, listed companies, internet technology enterprises and manufacturing overseas
       capacity transfer platforms as its core customer groups. It has formulated differentiated service strategies
       focusing on key regions including the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area, Southeast
       Asia and the six Gulf Cooperation Council countries to deepen cross-border business linkage. It has
       strengthened collaboration with the Head Office and domestic branches, expanded the global reach
       and depth of CZBank’s international services, and taken a new step forward in building its distinctive
       international business.

       As at the end of the reporting period, the Hong Kong Branch of the Company had assets of HK$72.806
       billion. During the reporting period, it realized an operating income of HK$1.102 billion and a net profit of
       HK$566 million.
078    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis



      (XII) Major Subsidiaries and Equity Participation Companies
      1.       Major subsidiaries
      (1)      Zheyin Financial Leasing
               Zheyin Financial Leasing is a holding subsidiary of the Company with a paid-in capital of RMB4.0 billion,
               and the Company holds 51% of its shares. It is a national non-banking financial institution approved
               for establishment and regulated by the former CBIRC. Established on January 18, 2017, the principal
               business scope of Zheyin Financial Leasing includes financial leasing business, transfer and acquisition
               of financial leasing assets, borrowing from non-bank shareholders with a term of three months or
               above, inter-bank lending, borrowing from financial institutions, issuing non-capital bonds, accepting
               lease deposits, sale and disposal of leased properties, fixed-income investment, asset securitization
               business, providing consultation services relating to financial leasing and other businesses approved by
               the NFRA. Since its establishment, Zheyin Financial Leasing has always upheld the mission of serving
               the real economy and the concept of prudent operation, comprehensively implemented a specialized
               transformation strategy, actively embraced financial technology, continuously innovated financial services,
               and formed a “5+2” specialized customer service system focusing on the “five major specialized
               industries” of intelligent manufacturing, marine economy, green and environmental protection, sci-
               tech and education, and modern agriculture and food, as well as the “two major specialized models” of
               manufacturer supply chain and lease-to-lease cooperation. At present, its corporate governance structure
               and management system are increasingly perfect, its innovation capabilities and research strength are
               steadily enhanced, its profitability and development quality have been improving year after year, and a
               team of talents with high comprehensive qualities and strong high-performance has been cultivated. It
               has embarked on a development path of specialized services and characteristic operations, gradually
               growing into a key player in China’s financial leasing industry. It has been rated as an “Advanced Unit
               in Supporting the Economic and Social Development of Zhejiang” (支持浙江經濟社會發展先進單位) for
               consecutive years, and has won important awards such as the “National May Day Labor Certificate” (全國
               五一勞動獎狀), the “May Day Labor Certificate of Zhejiang Province” (浙江省五一勞動獎狀), the “Leading
               Player in the Service Industry of Zhejiang Province” (浙江省服務業領軍企業), the “Special Contributing
               Enterprise for the 10th Anniversary of the Construction of the New Area of Zhoushan Islands in Zhejiang
               Province” (浙江舟山群島新區建設10周年特別貢獻企業), the “Outstanding Contributing Enterprise for the
               5th Anniversary of the Construction of the Zhejiang Pilot Free Trade Zone” (浙江自貿試驗區五周年建設突
               出貢獻企業), the “Outstanding Contributing Enterprise of Yangtze River Delta Financial Leasing”(長三角融
               資租賃突出貢獻企業) and other important awards, highly recognized by all sectors of the society.

               As at the end of the reporting period, Zheyin Financial Leasing had total assets of RMB90.395 billion and
               net assets of RMB9.119 billion. It realized a net profit of RMB1.287 billion during the reporting period.
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025   079




                                                   Management Discussion and Analysis


(2)   CZB Wealth Management
      CZB Wealth Management was established in January 2025, with a paid-in capital of RMB2.0 billion, and
      the Company holds 100% of its equity. The business scope of CZB Wealth Management includes the
      issuance of wealth management products, investment and management of investors’ entrusted property,
      and provision of wealth management advisory and consulting services. Since its establishment, guided by
      the vision of building a “first-class wealth management company”, CZB Wealth Management has adhered
      to the orientation of “integrity, strictness, and pragmatism”, and taken the “five-word ecosystem” and
      the “five-word code of conduct” as its guidelines. It has fully embodied the political responsibility and
      people-centered nature of finance, remained committed to its original aspiration of “managing wealth on
      behalf of customers”, and adhered to the business philosophy of “integrity, prudence, compliance, and
      professionalism”. It strives to build the company into a wealth management company that represents the
      interests of investors, serves the real economy, maintains steady operations, promotes financial services
      for good, and is driven by digital technology.

      As at the end of the reporting period, the scale of wealth management products managed by CZB
      Wealth Management amounted to RMB182.458 billion, with total assets of RMB2.644 billion and net
      assets of RMB2.480 billion. It realized a net profit of RMB88 million during the reporting period.

2.    Equity Participation Companies
                                                 Place of           Date of      Number of            Investment
      Equity Participation Companies        Incorporation     Incorporation        Shares                Amount


      China UnionPay Co., Ltd.                   Shanghai         2002-3-26        34 million      RMB25 million
      National Financing Guarantee Fund
        Co., Ltd.                                   Beijing       2018-7-26          1 billion       RMB1 billion


(XIII) Evaluation of Progress on Quality Improvement, Efficiency
       Enhancement and Return Focus
      To effectively advance the Company’s high-quality development and investment value enhancement,
      protect the legitimate rights and interests of investors, especially small and medium-sized investors,
      strengthen investors’ sense of gain, and promote a reasonable valuation and steady development of
      the Company in the capital market, the Company actively acted in response to relevant initiatives of the
      Shanghai Stock Exchange. Following the deliberation and approval at the fourth meeting of the seventh
      session of the Board of Directors, the Company issued the “Valuation Enhancement Plan and ‘Improving
      Quality, Increasing Efficiency, and Emphasizing Returns’ Action Plan” on April 9, 2025, laying out targeted
      measures in operational improvement, cash dividends, investor relations management and information
      disclosure.

      During the reporting period, the Company actively implemented various work deployments of the action
      plan, and the implementation status is hereby reported as follows:

1.    Operating quality and efficiency met expectations
      During the reporting period, facing the complex and ever-changing external environment, the Company
      anchored the goal of building a “first-class commercial bank”. The operating results generally met
      expectations, serving the overall situation was powerful and effective, and the development maintained a
      positive trend.

      For details of the strategy implementation and overall operating status of the Company, please refer to:
      “Development Strategies and Core Competitiveness – Five Finances, Deepening the Development in
      Zhejiang” and “Management Discussion and Analysis – (II) Analysis of Overall Operation Performance”.
080    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis


      2.       Cash dividends were steadily implemented
               During the reporting period, the Company strictly followed the established dividend policy, fully
               considered the Company’s profitability status and capital needs, formulated a reasonable dividend plan,
               effectively enhanced the shareholders’ sense of gain, and was selected into the 2025 Cash Dividend List
               of Listed Companies by the China Association of Public Companies.

      3.       Investor relations management was continuously deepened
               During the reporting period, the Company actively carried out investor relations management,
               continuously enriched communication forms, broadened communication channels, and transmitted the
               Company’s value to the market at multiple levels; it timely and deeply understood the appeals of various
               investors, and made targeted responses, achieving a benign interaction between the Company and
               investors.

               For details, please refer to relevant contents such as “Corporate Governance – (XV) Investor Relations
               Management”.

      4.       Information disclosure was continuously optimized
               The Company faithfully performed its information disclosure obligations, strictly in accordance with the
               requirements of relevant laws and regulations on information disclosure in both domestic and overseas
               locations, truly, accurately, completely, timely and fairly carried out information disclosure work,
               continuously improved the disclosure content of periodic reports, strengthened the proactiveness and
               timeliness of the disclosure of temporary announcements, and continuously enhanced the effectiveness
               and transparency of information disclosure.

               For details, please refer to relevant contents such as “Corporate Governance – (XIV) Implementation of
               Information Disclosure”.

      5.       Increase in shareholding was orderly completed
               On April 9, 2025, the Company issued the “Announcement on the Voluntary Shareholding Increase Plan
               by Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, and Others” (Announcement No.: 2025-018). Based
               on the recognition of the Company’s value and confidence in its future development, some directors,
               supervisors, senior management, and major persons in charge of head office departments, branches, and
               subsidiaries of the Company planned to voluntarily increase their holdings of the Company’s A shares
               with their own funds totaling not less than RMB20 million through the centralized bidding trading method
               of the trading system of the Shanghai Stock Exchange. This share increase plan has been smoothly
               implemented and completed, with a completion rate of 105%.
                                                                                              Annual Report 2025    081




                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis



(XIV) Outlook
     In 2026, the uncertainty of the international situation will increase, and geopolitical conflicts and
     trade frictions in regions such as the Middle East will still pose complex external challenges, but the
     fundamental advantages of strong resilience, sufficient momentum, and great potential of China’s
     economic development have not changed. The year 2026 is the opening year of the “15th Five-Year
     Plan”. The Fourth Plenary Session of the 20th CPC Central Committee has made strategic deployments
     for economic and social development during the “15th Five-Year Plan” period, and China’s economy is
     expected to maintain its recovery and upward trend. The driving force for domestic economic growth
     will mainly come from the continuous repair of domestic demand and the optimization and upgrading
     of industrial structure. Macroeconomic policies will be more proactive and effective, expanding
     effective investment by moderately increasing the fiscal deficit rate and increasing the issuance of local
     government special bonds, with a focus on the “Two Focuses and Two News (兩重兩新)” programmes.
     At the same time, policies on equipment renewal and trading-in consumer goods will stimulate
     consumption potential, and new business forms such as service consumption and digital consumption
     will remain active. At the industrial level, the deep integration of scientific and technological innovation
     and industrial innovation will be accelerated, emerging industries and future industries such as artificial
     intelligence, new energy, and biomanufacturing will accelerate development, and new quality productive
     forces will continue to be cultivated and expanded. In terms of opening up to the outside world, with the
     improvement of domestic industrial competitiveness and the deepening promotion of the “Belt and Road”
     initiative, the pace of enterprises going overseas will be further accelerated, and the overseas layout of
     advantageous industries such as new energy vehicles, photovoltaics, and energy storage will continue
     to expand. In terms of prices, with the improvement of supply and demand relations and the recovery of
     domestic demand, the price index is expected to get rid of the low-level operation trend and achieve a
     mild recovery. Overall, China’s economy in 2026 will maintain stable growth with the strong support of
     macroeconomic policies, laying a solid foundation for high-quality development during the “15th Five-Year
     Plan” period.

     In 2026, the Bank will take the Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New
     Era as the guidance, deeply implement the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress and all plenary
     sessions of the 20th CPC Central Committee, fully implement General Secretary Xi Jinping’s important
     expositions on financial work. We will pursue the goal of building a first-class commercial bank, uphold
     the Party’s overall leadership as the fundamental guarantee, take root in Zhejiang for deeper development
     and serve the real economy as our foundation, pursue reform and innovation and improved governance
     as our fundamental approach, and regard risk prevention and safe development as bottom-line
     requirements. We will follow the principles of developing the bank through refined management,
     upgrading the bank through quality service, invigorating the bank through technological innovation, and
     strengthening the bank through talent cultivation. Adhering to long-termism, we will focus on promoting
     the “1155” operation strategy, firmly upholding one core operational thread, building one foundational
     capability, coordinating five operational dimensions, and strengthening five linkage strategies. We aim to
     build a high-quality commercial bank with sound governance, sufficient capital, standard management,
     controllable risks, strong core competitiveness, and significant brand influence, striving to provide
     high-quality and efficient financial services to society.
082    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Corporate Governance


      (I)            Chart of Organizational Structure
                 Strategic and Sustainable
                 Development Committee                                                          General Meeting


                     Audit Committee


                Risk and Related Party                                                                                                                     Supervision Committee
            Transaction Control Committee


        Nomination and Remuneration Committee                           Board of Directors                           Supervisory Committee1
                                                                                                                                                           Nomination Committee


         Consumer Rights Protection Committee


        Inclusive Finance Development Committee

                                                                                               Senior Management


                  Board of Directors Office                                                                             Audit Department                Supervisory Committee Office




                                                        Zhejiang Headquarters



                                                               Branch



                                                               Sub Branch




                         Corporate Banking Department                                         Credit Assessment Department                    Centralized Procurement Management Center2


                         Small Enterprise Credit Center                                         Special Assets Department
                         (Inclusive Finance Department)

                                                                                         Operations Management Department
                            Retail Finance Department


                  Credit Card (Consumer Finance) Department
                                                                                         Development & Planning Department
                           Private Banking Department
                                                                                             Planning and Finance Department
                             Retail Credit Department
                                                                                      Asset and Liability Management Department
                         Financial Institutions Department
                                                                                              Risk Management Department

                                                                                         Internal Control and Compliance and
                        Supply Chain Finance Department                                         Legal Affairs Department

                                                                                                Social Responsibility and
                        Wealth Management Department                                         Consumer Protection Department

                         Investment Banking Department                                   Technology Management Department


                        International Business Department


                           Internet Finance Department                                           General Executive Office


                           Asset Custody Department                                           Human Resource Department


                                                                                              Logistics Support Department
                                                                                                  (Security Department)
                            Capital Operation Center

                                                                                                   Labor Union Office
                            Bill Business Department


       Note1: The relevant bodies of the Supervisory Committee are currently in the process of being dissolved
             2
                 : Department directly under the head office
                                                                                             Annual Report 2025   083




                                                                           Corporate Governance



(II)   Overview of Corporate Governance
       The Company always makes unremitted efforts to pursue standardized business operation and
       extraordinary corporate governance since improving corporate governance is the top priority of achieving
       high-quality development. The Company continuously improves corporate governance structure
       consisting of the general meeting, the Board of Directors, the Supervisory Committee and the Senior
       Management according to the relevant laws, regulations and regulatory requirements. Each corporate
       governance body operates independently, with effective checks and balances, cooperating with each
       other and functioning in a coordinated manner.

       The Board of Directors of the Company takes corporate governance legality and compliance as the
       bottom line, draws on the best practices of outstanding companies as the direction, improves the
       system of corporate governance mechanism as the basis, and gives full play to the decision-making role
       of the Board of Directors as the core. It strives to build a corporate governance mechanism with clear
       boundaries of responsibilities, orderly checks and balances and collaboration, democratic and scientific
       decision-making, and standardized and efficient operation.

       In 2025, the Company continued to integrate the Party’s leadership into the entire process of corporate
       governance in an all-round way and effectively play a key role of Party committee in grasping the
       direction, planning for the big picture, formulating policies and promoting development; revised the
       Articles of Association, the Rules of Procedure for General Meetings and the Rules of Procedure for
       the Board of Directors in a timely manner in accordance with the latest laws, regulations and regulatory
       requirements; optimized the corporate governance authorization system to further clarify the boundaries
       of responsibilities of each governance body; and actively carried out the special enhancement year
       activities for the performance of duties by the Board of Directors to effectively enhance the actual
       effectiveness of corporate governance.

       The meetings held during the reporting period were as follows: 1 annual general meeting, 2 extraordinary
       general meetings; 13 meetings of Board of Directors; 3 meetings of Strategic and Sustainable
       Development Committee, 5 meetings of Audit Committee, 6 meetings of Risk and Related Party
       Transaction Control Committee, 7 meetings of Nomination and Remuneration Committee, 2 meetings of
       Consumer Rights Protection Committee and 2 meetings of Inclusive Finance Development Committee;
       10 meetings of Supervisory Committee; 4 meetings of Nomination Committee, and 4 meetings of
       Supervision Committee.
084    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Corporate Governance



      (III) General Meeting
               Pursuant to the Articles of Association, the shareholders’ general meeting is the top governing body
               of the Company, which manages and supervises the Company through the Board of Directors and the
               Supervisory Committee. The Company raised an independent resolution for each actually independent
               matter at the general meeting, and voted by ballot to ensure that all shareholders fully and equally enjoy
               the right to know, the right to speak, the right to raise questions, the right to vote and other rights.

               During the reporting period, the Company held the 2024 Annual General Meeting on June 13, 2025, the
               2025 first extraordinary general meeting on September 25, 2025, and the 2025 second extraordinary
               general meeting on December 31, 2025. For details of relevant proposals and relevant announcements
               about resolutions adopted at the meetings, please refer to the relevant announcements in connection
               with the general meetings published by the Company on the websites of the Shanghai Stock Exchange,
               the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the Company.

               The convening, notifying, holding and voting procedures for the above-mentioned meetings are in
               compliance with the relevant provisions of the Company Law, the listing rules of both the domestic and
               overseas listing venues of the Company and the Articles of Association. The Chairman of the meetings
               has explained the detailed procedures for voting by poll to the Shareholders at the general meetings.
               Lawyers were invited to witness onsite and provide legal opinions for the meetings.

      (IV) Board of Directors
      1.       Composition of the Board of Directors
               As at the end of the reporting period, the Board of Directors of the Company comprised 11 directors, of
               which 2 were Executive Directors, namely Mr. Chen Haiqiang and Ms. Ma Hong; 4 were Non-executive
               Directors, namely Mr. Hou Xingchuan, Mr. Ren Zhixiang, Mr. Hu Tiangao and Mr. Ying Yuxiang; and 5
               were Independent Non-executive Directors, namely Mr. Wang Wei, Mr. Xu Yongbin, Mr. Fu Tingmei,
               Mr. Shi Hao and Mr. Lou Weizhong. Not less than 1/3 of the members of the Board of Directors of the
               Company were Independent Non-executive Directors, and the Independent Non-executive Directors
               complied with the Rule 3.10(2) of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, who had appropriate professional
               qualifications or accounting or related financial management expertise. The number and composition of
               Independent Non-executive Directors are in compliance with relevant laws, regulations and requirements
               of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.

               The Board of Directors of the Company was rationally structured with experienced members. The
               executive Directors are diligent, professional and efficient, while the Non-executive Directors are equipped
               with rich banking or enterprise management experiences, and the Independent Non-executive Directors’
               knowledge and background covering various areas including economy, finance, securities, accounting
               and law.

               During the reporting period, all directors diligently performed their duties, being present or in attendance
               at relevant meetings in a timely manner; actively participated in discussion on affairs; prudently expressed
               professional opinions; paid continuous attention to conditions of operation and management of the
               Company; actively participated in various training and thematic study and discussion activities; proactively
               improved their ability to perform their duties; continuously improved the scientificity and efficiency of
               decisions, with their high sense of responsibility and excellent professionalism; ensured that commercial
               activities of the Company complied with national laws and regulations and requirements of regulatory
               authorities; and effectively protected legitimate rights and interests of shareholders.
                                                                                             Annual Report 2025    085




                                                                           Corporate Governance


2.   Board Diversity Policy
     The Company considers the diversity of the members of the Board of Directors as an important impetus
     to support the Company in enhancing the corporate governance level and achieving sustainable
     development. The Company has formulated the Board Diversity Policy of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.
     according to the relevant provisions of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. It is expressly provided in the Policy
     that the Board of Directors shall consider various aspects and diversified factors when determining the
     composition of the Board, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background,
     professional experience, skills, knowledge and/or service period, thus ensuring the Board of Directors
     have diversified viewpoints and angles in performing their duties, and forming into a composition model
     of the Board matched with the Company’s development model.

     The Board Diversity Policy of the Company comprises of chapters such as purpose, philosophy, policy
     statement, expected objective, supervision and reporting, with the main purpose of recognizing and
     accepting the philosophy of building a diversified Board to strengthen the execution of the Board, and
     affirming the importance of diversity of the Board to achieve strategic objectives. During the reporting
     period, the geographical distribution, educational background and professional experience of members of
     the Board are relatively diversified. Among the current 11 directors of the Company, 1 of them is female;
     11 are with post graduate diploma or master degree or above, including 4 with doctoral diploma. The
     diversified composition of the Board brings a broad vision and a high level of professional experience to
     the Board and maintains an independent element within the Board to ensure that the Board is able to
     effectively make independent judgments and scientific decision when studying and considering material
     issues. The Board will review the implementation and effectiveness of its Board Diversity Policy on an
     annual basis.

     The Company will ensure gender diversity when recruiting middle and senior staff and are committed to
     providing career development opportunities for female staff so that the Company will have a pipeline of
     potential successors to the Board. As of December 31, 2025, the ratio of male and female employees of
     the Company was 1.189:1, which was generally in line with the industry level. As of December 31, 2025,
     all of the senior management of the Company were male.

3.   Responsibilities of the Board of Directors
     According to the Articles of Association, the Board of Directors is the decision-making organ of the
     Company and shall undertake ultimate responsibility for the operation and management of the Company.
     The main responsibilities are as follows: to convene general meetings, present proposals and report to
     shareholders at the general meetings; to implement the resolutions of the general meetings; to formulate
     medium and long-term development plans and development strategies of the Bank and supervise the
     implementation of such development plans and development strategies; to decide the annual appraisal
     indices for the operation of the Bank and approve the annual operation plans of the Bank; to formulate
     our annual financial budgets and final accounts; to formulate our profit distribution plans and plans for
     recovery of losses; to formulate proposals for increase or decrease of our registered capital, issuance of
     shares or bonds with the capital replenishment nature; to decide on issuance of bonds other than those
     with the capital replenishment nature by the Bank; and to formulate proposals for merger, demerger,
     dissolution and liquidation of the Bank.
086    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Corporate Governance


               The Senior Management of the Company has operational autonomy and makes decision in daily
               operation and management under the authority of the Board, and the Board will not intervene in specific
               daily affairs of operation and management of the Company.

               The Board of the Company is responsible for carrying out the corporate governance functions and has
               fulfilled their duties and responsibilities, as set out in Code Provision A.2.1 of the Corporate Governance
               Code. The Board acknowledges that it is responsible for the risk management and internal control
               systems and for reviewing its effectiveness on an annual basis. During the reporting period, the Board
               and its committees reviewed the Company’s compliance with laws, regulatory provisions and the
               Corporate Governance Code and its disclosures in the Corporate Governance Report, reviewed and
               monitored the training and continuous professional development of directors and senior management,
               strengthened the Company’s risk management and internal control, and further enhanced the Company’s
               corporate governance policy and regular practice.

      4.       Board Independence
               The Company has established following mechanisms to ensure independent views and input are available
               to the Board and the implementation and effectiveness of such mechanisms will be reviewed annually by
               the Board:

               (a)   Five out of the eleven directors are Independent Non-executive Directors, which exceeds the
                     requirement of the Listing Rules that at least one-third of the Board are independent Non-executive
                     Directors.

               (b)   The Nomination and Remuneration Committee will assess the independence of a candidate who is
                     nominated to be a new Independent Non-executive Director before appointment and the continued
                     independence of the current long-serving Independent Non-executive Directors on an annual
                     basis. All Independent Non-executive Directors are required to submit a written confirmation to
                     the Company annually to confirm the independence of each of them and their immediate family
                     members, and their compliance with the requirements as set out in the Rule 3.13 of the Listing
                     Rules.

               (c)   All Directors are entitled to retain independent professional advisors as and when it is required.

               (d)   All Directors are encouraged to express their views in an open and candid manner during the Board/
                     Committee meetings.

               (e)   The Chairman of the Board will meet with the Independent Non-executive Directors annually without
                     the presence of the executive Directors.

               (f)   A Director (including Independent Non-executive Directors) who has material interest in any contract,
                     transaction or arrangement shall abstain from voting and not be counted in the quorum on any
                     Board resolution approving the same.

               (g)   No equity-based remuneration with performance-related elements will be granted to Independent
                     Non-executive Directors.
                                                                                       Annual Report 2025   087




                                                                     Corporate Governance


5.   Meetings and Proposals of Board of Directors
     During the reporting period, the Company held 13 meetings of Board of Directors, among which, 4
     were regular meetings and 9 were extraordinary meetings. The main proposals considered at the Board
     meetings were as follows:

     Work Report of the Board of Directors of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2024;
     Work Report of President of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2024;
     Report of Independent Directors of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2024;
     Proposal on Results of 2024 Performance Evaluation of Directors by the Board of Directors;
     Proposal on Results of 2024 Performance Evaluation of Senior Management by the Board of Directors;
     Internal Audit Work Report of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2024;
     Report on Comprehensive Risk Management of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2024;
     Report on Implementation of Risk Preference for 2024 and Proposal on Risk Preference for 2025 of
        China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.;
     Report on the Implementation of Green Finance of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2024;
     Internal Control Evaluation Report of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2024;
     2024 Work Report on Protection of Financial Consumer Rights and Interests and 2025 Work Plan of
        China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.;
     2024 Work Report on Anti-money Laundering and Counter-terrorist Financing of China Zheshang Bank
        Co., Ltd.;
     Risk Prevention and Control Assessment Report on Criminal Cases of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. in
        2024;
     Report on Implementation of Related Party Transaction Management System and Particulars of Related
        Party Transactions of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2024;
     Proposal on the Pre-approval limit of Deposit-Type Connected Transactions of China Zheshang Bank
        Co., Ltd. for 2025;
     Sustainability Report of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2024;
     2024 Annual Report and its Summary of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. (Domestic Standards and
        International Standards);
     2024 Audit Report on Internal Control of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.;
     Proposal on the Engagement of an Accounting Firm for 2025;
     Final Financial Report of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2024;
     Profit Distribution Plan of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2024;
     2025 Annual Budget Report of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.;
088    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Corporate Governance


               Business Operation Plan of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2025;
               Report on the Management and Implementation of the Consolidation of Statements of China Zheshang
                  Bank Co., Ltd. for 2024;
               Liability Quality Management Report of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2024;
               Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Report of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2025;
               Proposal on the Issuance of RMB Financial Bonds;
               Proposal on the Measures for Market Value Management of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.;
               Valuation Enhancement Plan of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.;
               Proposal on the Appointment of President of China Zheshang Bank;
               Work Summary of Small and Micro Enterprises under Inclusive Finance for 2024 and Work Plan for 2025
                  of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.;
               Development Plan for Internet Loan Business of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2025;
               Proposal on the Recommendation of a Director to Perform the Duties of the Chairman on his behalf;
               2025 Interim Report and its Summary of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. (Domestic Standards and
                  International Standards);
               Capital Plan of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2025-2029;
               Proposal on the Issuance of Capital Bonds and Related Authorization by China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.;
               Proposal on the Change of Directors and Nomination of Mr. Yang Zhaohui as a Candidate for
                  Non-executive Director of the Seventh Session of the Board of Directors of China Zheshang Bank
                  Co., Ltd.;
               Proposal on the Change of Directors and Nomination of Mr. Zheng Xingang as a Candidate for
                  Non-executive Director of the Seventh Session of the Board of Directors of China Zheshang Bank
                  Co., Ltd.;
               Proposal on the By-election of Members of the Special Committees of the Seventh Session of the Board
                  of Directors of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.;
               Proposal on Election of Chairman of the Seventh Board of Directors of Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.;
               Proposal on the Abolition of Supervisory Committee;
               Proposal on Amending the Articles of Association of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.;
               Proposal on Amending the Rules of Procedure for General Meetings of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.;
               Proposal on Amending the Rules of Procedure for the Board of Directors of China Zheshang Bank
                  Co., Ltd.;
               Digital Reform and Development Plan of China Zheshang Bank for 2024-2026 (Mid-term Revision);
               Proposal on Nominating Mr. Lyu Linhua as a Candidate for Director of China Zheshang Bank;
               Proposal on the Institutional Plan of China Zheshang Bank for 2026.
                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025     089




                                                                                              Corporate Governance


6.   Attendance of Directors at the Meetings
     The following table sets forth the records of attendance in person of each Director at the Board meetings,
     Special Committees under the Board, and General meetings in 2025.

                                                                           Risk and
                                                                            Related
                                            Strategic and                     Party     Nomination   Consumer        Inclusive
                                              Sustainable               Transaction           and        Rights       Finance
                                   Board    Development         Audit       Control   Remuneration   Protection   Development     General
     Directors                   Meetings      Committee    Committee    Committee      Committee    Committee      Committee    Meetings

     Executive Directors
     Chen Haiqiang                  13/13             3/3           –             –              –            –              –        3/3
     Ma Hong                        13/13             3/3           –             –            3/3            –              –        3/3

     Non-executive Directors
     Hou Xingchuan                  13/13             3/3           –             –              –            –            2/2        3/3
     Ren Zhixiang                   12/13             3/3           –             –              –            –            2/2        3/3
     Hu Tiangao                     13/13               –         5/5             –              –            –              –        3/3
     Ying Yuxiang                   13/13             3/3           –             –              –            –            2/2        2/3

     Independent Non-executive
       Directors
     Wang Wei                       13/13               –         5/5           1/1            7/7            –            2/2        3/3
     Xu Yongbin                     13/13               –         5/5           6/6            7/7            –              –        3/3
     Fu Tingmei                     13/13             3/3           –             –              –          2/2            2/2        3/3
     Shi Hao                        13/13               –           –           5/5            6/6          2/2              –        3/3
     Lou Weizhong                   13/13               –           –           5/5              –          2/2              –        3/3

     Resigned Directors
     Lu Jianqiang                     6/6             2/2           –             –              –            –              –        1/1
     Wang Guocai                      1/1               –           –           1/1            1/1            –              –          –

     Notes:

     (1)     Attendances in person/number of meetings that he/she should attend during the reporting period.

     (2)     The above Directors who did not attend the meetings in person had appointed other Directors to attend such
             meetings on their behalf.

     (3)     For details of the change of Directors, please see “Information on Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management,
             Employees and Institutions”.

     (4)     The Chairman held a meeting with Independent Non-executive Directors without the attendance of other
             Directors.
090    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Corporate Governance


      7.       Information on Survey and Training of the Directors
               During the reporting period, some members of the Board of Directors visited Hangzhou Branch, Nanjing
               Branch, Suzhou Branch, Beijing Branch, Shanghai Branch, the Technology Management Department of
               the Head Office, the Capital Operation Center, and Zheyin Financial Leasing to carry out field research
               in order to collect primary data and understand specific conditions of grass-roots organizations as to
               strategy implementation, risk management, consumer rights protection and technology innovation,
               and heard the opinions and suggestions of the head office departments, branches and subsidiaries on
               operation and management of the Board and the head office, provided targeted guiding opinions, and in
               a timely manner, submitted to the senior management relevant opinions and suggestions.

               The Company has always paid attention to continuous training of Directors to ensure that all Directors
               understand properly understand the operation and businesses of the Company, and that all Directors
               understand their responsibilities under relevant laws and regulatory requirements. During the reporting
               period, the Company invited certain Independent Directors to attend results presentation and organized
               our directors to participate in the 5th Independent Director Capacity Building Training organized by the
               China Association of Public Companies, the “82nd Enhanced Continuing Professional Development
               Seminar for Governance Professionals” organized by the Hong Kong Chartered Governance Institute,
               and anti-money laundering training etc., to enhance the directors’ ability to interpret the policies, broaden
               the directors’ macroscopic decision-making horizons, and improve the effectiveness of the directors in
               performing their duties.

               According to the training records for 2025 kept by the Company, the status of relevant training for
               Directors is as follows:

                                                                Scope of Provision of Information and training
                                                                 Corporate                             Compliance/
               Directors                                        Governance Finance/Business               Operation


               Executive Directors
               Chen Haiqiang                                               ✓                      ✓                     ✓
               Ma Hong                                                     ✓                      ✓                     ✓

               Non-executive Directors
               Hou Xingchuan                                               ✓                      ✓                     ✓
               Ren Zhixiang                                                ✓                      ✓                     ✓
               Hu Tiangao                                                  ✓                      ✓                     ✓
               Ying Yuxiang                                                ✓                      ✓                     ✓

               Independent Non-executive Directors
               Wang Wei                                                    ✓                      ✓                     ✓
               Xu Yongbin                                                  ✓                      ✓                     ✓
               Fu Tingmei                                                  ✓                      ✓                     ✓
               Shi Hao                                                     ✓                      ✓                     ✓
               Lou Weizhong                                                ✓                      ✓                     ✓
                                                                                             Annual Report 2025    091




                                                                           Corporate Governance


8.   Performance of Independent Non-executive Directors
     As of the end of the reporting period, the Company had five Independent Non-executive Directors,
     the number and percentage were in compliance with the relevant laws, regulations and regulatory
     requirements. The Audit Committee, Risk and Related Party Transaction Control Committee,
     Nomination and Remuneration Committee, Consumer Rights Protection Committee, and Inclusive
     Finance Development Committee under the Board of the Company were all chaired by Independent
     Non-executive Directors, and the Independent Non-executive Directors formed majority in the Audit
     Committee, Risk and Related Party Transaction Control Committee, Nomination and Remuneration
     Committee, and Consumer Rights Protection Committee. During the reporting period, the independent
     Non-executive Directors actively participated in and provided suggestions and advice at the meetings of
     Board of Directors and the special committees to make effective contribution. Besides, they maintained
     effective communication with the Company through various means, including site visits, special surveys
     and attending training etc.

     The Company has established a mechanism for special meetings of the independent Non-executive
     Directors attended by all independent Non-executive Directors, to study and discuss the independent
     engagement of intermediaries to conduct audit, consultancy and verification of specific matters of the
     Company, to propose to the Board the convening of an extraordinary general meeting, to propose the
     convening of a meeting of the Board, as well as other matters requiring the approval of the majority of all
     independent Directors before they can be submitted to the Board for deliberation. During the reporting
     period, the Company convened 5 special meetings of independent Directors to consider 13 resolutions.

     During the reporting period, the Independent Non-executive Directors have presented their professional
     advice on the resolutions considered by the Board of Directors, including offering independent
     written opinions on significant matters, such as the Profit Distribution Plan, the appointment of Senior
     Management, the engagement of auditing organization and significant related party transactions. In
     addition, for the special committees under the Board of Directors, the Independent Non-executive
     Directors made full advantage of their professional edge, provided professional and independent advice
     regarding corporate governance and operation and management activities of the Company, and thereby
     ensured the scientific decision-making of the Board of Directors.

     The Company has received the annual confirmations from the Independent Non-executive Directors
     according to Rule 3.13 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules regarding their independence, and considered
     that none of the Independent Non-executive Directors was involved in any factor set out in Rule 3.13
     of the Hong Kong Listing Rules that may cast doubt on their independence. Therefore, the Company
     believes that all Independent Non-executive Directors meet the independence criteria as set out in the
     Hong Kong Listing Rules.
092    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Corporate Governance


      9.       Responsibilities of Directors in Preparation of Financial Reports
               The Directors of the Company acknowledged that they were responsible for preparing the financial report
               of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2025. The Board of Directors undertook that there
               were no material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt upon the
               Company’s ability to continue as a going concern, save for the information disclosed in this annual report
               of the Company.

               The Directors shall review and confirm the financial reports for each accounting period, so as to ensure
               that the financial reports truly and fairly reflect the financial status, operation results and cash flow of the
               Company.

               When preparing the financial report for the year ended December 31, 2025, the Directors adopted and
               applied suitable accounting policies and made prudent and reasonable judgment.

      10.      Election, Change and Removal of Directors
               According to the Articles of Association, Directors shall be elected or replaced at the general meeting
               and may be dismissed by the general meeting prior to the expiration of their term of office. Directors shall
               each serve a term of three years. Directors may, after expiry of their term of office, hold a consecutive
               term upon re-election. The term of a Director shall start from the date on which the said Director
               assumes office to the expiry of the current Board.

               A Director may be removed by an ordinary resolution at a general meeting before the expiry of his/her
               term of office in accordance with relevant laws and regulations (however, any claim which may be made
               under any contract will not be affected).

               For the change of Directors during the reporting period, please refer to “Information on Directors,
               Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees and Institutions” of this report.
                                                                                            Annual Report 2025   093




                                                                          Corporate Governance



(V)   Special Committees under Board of Directors
      There are 6 special committees under the Board of Directors of the Company, namely Strategic and
      Sustainable Development Committee, Audit Committee, Risk and Related Party Transaction Control
      Committee, Nomination and Remuneration Committee, Consumer Rights Protection Committee and
      Inclusive Finance Development Committee.

1.    Strategic and Sustainable Development Committee
      As at the end of the reporting period, the Strategic and Sustainable Development Committee of the
      Company consisted of 6 Directors, Mr. Chen Haiqiang, Chairman and Executive Director, served as the
      Committee Chairman. Other committee members included Ms. Ma Hong, Executive Director, Mr. Hou
      Xingchuan, Non-executive Director, Mr. Ren Zhixiang, Non-executive Director and Mr. Ying Yuxiang,
      Non-executive Director and Mr. Fu Tingmei, Independent Non-executive Director.

      The main duties of the Strategic and Sustainable Development Committee are as follows: to research
      and formulate business targets, medium and long-term development plans and development strategies of
      the Company; to organize the development of the Bank’s annual business plan; to supervise and inspect
      the implementation of annual business plans and investment plans; to evaluate the implementation of the
      Bank’s development plan and propose amendments to the plan; to review the Bank’s overall planning,
      major policies and basic systems for environmental, social and governance (ESG) and other sustainable
      development, review the annual Sustainability Report (ESG Report), regularly evaluate the implementation
      of the ESG development strategy, guide and supervise the establishment and improvement of related
      management systems; to study the green financial development strategy, review the green financial
      objectives set by the senior management and the green financial reports submitted by the senior
      management, and supervise and evaluate the implementation of the Bank’s green financial development
      strategy; and any other matters authorized by the Board of Directors.

      During the reporting period, the Strategic and Sustainable Development Committee mainly considered
      the proposals and reports such as the Final Financial Report of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for
      2024, Profit Distribution Plan of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2024, Sustainability Report of China
      Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2024, 2025 Annual Budget Report of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.,
      Business Operation Plan of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2025, Report on the Implementation of
      Green Finance of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2024, and Digital Reform and Development Plan of
      China Zheshang Bank for 2024-2026 (Mid-term Revision).
094    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Corporate Governance


      2.       Audit Committee
               As at the end of the reporting period, the Audit Committee of the Company consisted of 3 Directors.
               Mr. Xu Yongbin, Independent Non-executive Director, served as the Committee Chairman. Other
               committee members included Mr. Hu Tiangao, Non-executive Director, and Mr. Wang Wei, Independent
               Non-executive Director.

               The Audit Committee is a specialized working body under the Board of Directors. It is mainly responsible
               for reviewing the Bank’s internal control system and its implementation, the internal audit work, the
               implementation of the internal audit system, commenting on the appointment of the external auditor and
               overseeing its relationship with the Bank, reviewing the Bank’s financial information and supervising the
               financial reporting, and making judgment on the truthfulness, completeness, accuracy and timeliness
               of the financial information. Taking the interests of the Bank as the highest standard, they exercise
               independent powers and duties in accordance with the provisions of the Articles of Association of the
               Bank. They are responsible to the Board of Directors and report to the Board of Directors on their work.

               During the reporting period, the Audit Committee mainly considered or heard the Annual Audit Report
               (Pre-communication), 2024 Annual Report and its Summary of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. (Domestic
               Standards and International Standards), 2024 Audit Report on Internal Control of China Zheshang
               Bank Co., Ltd., 2024 Annual Financial Report, Report on the Management and Implementation of the
               Consolidation of Statements of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2024, Internal Audit Work Report
               of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2024, Internal Control Evaluation Report of China Zheshang
               Bank Co., Ltd. for 2024, Report on the Evaluation of the Performance of the Accounting Firm of China
               Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for the Year 2024, Report of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors
               of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. on the Fulfillment of its Supervisory Duties over the Accounting Firm
               for the Year 2024, Report of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of China Zheshang Bank
               Co., Ltd. on the Performance of its Duties for the Year 2024, Report on the 2025 First Quarter Results
               of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd., Report on the Internal Audit Work of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.
               in the First Quarter of 2025, 2025 Interim Report and its Summary of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.
               (Domestic Standards and International Standards), Report of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. on Internal
               Audit Work in the Second Quarter of 2025, Report on the 2025 Third Quarter Results of China Zheshang
               Bank Co., Ltd., Report of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. on Internal Audit Work in the Third Quarter of
               2025, Pillar 3 Information Disclosure Report of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for the Third Quarter of
               2025, as well as other resolutions or reports. The Audit Committee also reviewed the independence of
               external auditors and provided recommendations to the Board on the appointment of external auditors,
               and considered the audit fees of external auditors for 2025.

               During the reporting period, no former partners of any auditing firm which was responsible for auditing
               accounts of the Company were appointed by the Company as members of the Audit Committee.
                                                                                              Annual Report 2025    095




                                                                           Corporate Governance


3.   Risk and Related Party Transaction Control Committee
     As at the end of the reporting period, the Risk and Related Party Transaction Control Committee
     of the Company consisted of 3 Directors. Mr. Lou Weizhong, Independent Non-executive Director,
     served as the Committee Chairman. Other committee members included Mr. Xu Yongbin, Independent
     Non-executive Director, and Mr. Shi Hao, Independent Non-executive Director.

     Main duties of the Risk and Related Party Transaction Control Committee are to supervise the risk control
     by Senior Management of the Company; to assess the risk profile of the Company; to offer proposals on
     improving the risk management and internal controls of the Company; to accept filing of general related
     party transactions; to review material related party transactions of the Bank or the transactions which
     are subject to reporting, announcement and/or independent shareholders’ approvals under the relevant
     stipulations of securities regulatory authority in the place(s) of listing of the Bank’s shares, which shall
     be submitted to the Board of Directors by the committee for approval; and to deal with other matters as
     authorized by the Board.

     The Risk and Related Party Transaction Control Committee reviews the effectiveness of the Company’s
     risk management procedures and internal control procedures, to ensure the efficiency of the Company’s
     business operations and achieve the Company’s objectives and strategies.

     During the reporting period, the Risk and Related Party Transaction Control Committee primarily
     examined the Report on Comprehensive Risk Management of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2024,
     Internal Control Evaluation Report of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2024, Report on Implementation
     of Risk Preference for 2024 and Proposal on Risk Preference for 2025 of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.,
     Risk Prevention and Control Assessment Report on Criminal Cases of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.
     In 2024, Report on the Management and Implementation of the Consolidation of Statements of China
     Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2024, 2024 Work Report on Anti-money Laundering and Counter-terrorist
     Financing of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd., Report on Implementation of Related Party Transaction
     Management System and Particulars of Related Party Transactions of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for
     2024, and Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Report of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2025, as
     well as other resolutions or reports.

4.   Nomination and Remuneration Committee
     As at the end of the reporting period, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Company
     consisted of 4 Directors. Mr. Wang Wei, Independent Non-executive Director, served as the Committee
     Chairman. Other committee members included Ms. Ma Hong, Executive Director, Mr. Xu Yongbin,
     Independent Non-executive Director, and Mr. Shi Hao, Independent Non-executive Director.

     Main duties of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee are to propose to the Board on the
     membership of the Board based on the business operations, asset size and equity structure of the
     Company; to draft the standard and procedure for the selection of Directors and senior management,
     and propose the same to the Board; to recommend candidates for Chairman and Vice Chairman to
     Board of Directors, and provide review comments on the candidates of Directors and senior management
     members including the President, Vice President, Financial Principal, Secretary to the Board, etc.; to
     draft the remuneration policy and scheme for Directors and senior management, and make proposals
     to the Board; and to deal with other matters as prescribed by relevant laws, administrative regulations,
     departmental rules and regulations of the securities regulatory authority in the place(s) of listing of the
     Company’s shares and as authorized by the Board of Directors.
096    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Corporate Governance


               The Nomination and Remuneration Committee under the Board makes recommendations to the Board
               on the remuneration package of individual executive Directors and senior management.

               The nomination procedures for a director candidate of the Company are: the eligible shareholders
               will recommend candidates for directorship to the Company for consideration; the Nomination and
               Remuneration Committee will conduct examination of such candidates for directorship and then make
               recommendations to the Board; following consideration and approval of the Board, the candidates for
               directorship will be submitted in the general meeting by written proposals. For details, please refer to the
               section headed “Directors and Board of Directors” in Articles of Association.

               Criteria for selection and recommendation of candidates for directorship is that Directors shall have
               professional knowledge and work experiences necessary for performing their duties and meet conditions
               specified by the National Financial Regulatory Administration, with their qualification for appointment
               subject to approval by the National Financial Regulatory Administration.

               The Company appoints or re-appoints its directors in strict compliance with the Articles of Association
               of the Company. Pursuant to the Board diversity policy requirements in the Board Diversity Policy of
               China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd., the Nomination and Remuneration Committee shall also pay attention
               to complementarities among candidates for directorship in terms of knowledge structure, professional
               competence and experience, cultural and educational background, gender and otherwise, to ensure that
               the Directors are well equipped, experienced and have diversified perspectives and views.

               During the reporting period, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee mainly considered the
               Proposal on the By-election of Members of the Special Committees of the Seventh Session of the
               Board of Directors of China Zheshang Bank, Report of Independent Directors of China Zheshang Bank
               Co., Ltd. for 2024, Proposal on Results of 2024 Performance Evaluation of Directors by the Board of
               Directors, Proposal on Results of 2024 Performance Evaluation of Senior Management by the Board of
               Directors, Proposal on the Appointment of Financial Department Head, Proposal on the Appointment of
               President of China Zheshang Bank, Proposal on Examining the Qualifications of Mr. Yang Zhaohui for
               the Position of Director, Proposal on Examining the Qualifications of Mr. Zheng Xingang for the Position
               of Director, Proposal on the By-election of Members of the Special Committees of the Seventh Session
               of the Board of Directors of China Zheshang Bank, Proposal on Appointment of Head of Board Office of
               China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd., Proposal on Election of Chairman of the Seventh Board of Directors of
               Zheshang Bank, Proposal on Examining the Qualifications of Mr. Lyu Linhua for the Position of Director,
               Proposal on the Appointment of President of China Zheshang Bank, Proposal on the Appointment of Mr.
               Zhou Weixin’s Position, Proposal on the Appointment of Mr. Pan Huafeng’s Position, and Proposal on
               Appointment of Securities Affairs Representative of China Zheshang Bank, as well as other resolutions or
               reports.

               The Nomination and Remuneration Committee has established a policy on Directors’ remuneration
               and regularly evaluated the performance of the executive Directors and approved the terms of service
               contracts of executive Directors. In addition, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee has
               implemented the policies on the nomination of Directors as well as the nomination procedures and
               selection and recommendation criteria on candidates for Directors. The Nomination and Remuneration
               Committee has reviewed the structure, number and composition of the Board (including skills, knowledge
               and experience) during the reporting period to make recommendations on any changes proposed on
               members of the Board for the purpose of complying with the long-term strategies of the Company.
                                                                                            Annual Report 2025   097




                                                                         Corporate Governance


5.   Consumer Rights Protection Committee
     As at the end of the reporting period, the Consumer Rights Protection Committee of the Company
     consisted of 3 Directors. Mr. Shi Hao, Independent Non-executive Director, served as the Committee
     Chairman. Other committee members included Mr. Fu Tingmei, Independent Non-executive Director, and
     Mr. Lou Weizhong, Independent Non-executive Director.

     Main duties of the Consumer Rights Protection Committee are to formulate strategies, policies and
     objectives of the consumer rights protection work; to direct and supervise the establishment and
     improvement of the management system for consumer rights protection work; to supervise and evaluate
     the comprehensiveness, timeliness, and effectiveness of the work performed by senior management
     and the consumer rights protection department, as well as the performance of relevant duties by
     senior management in accordance with regulatory requirements and the implementation of consumer
     rights protection strategies, policies, goals, and work progress; to guide, urge and supervise the senior
     management to effectively execute and implement relevant work, and regularly listen to the senior
     management’s special reports on the progress of consumer rights protection work; to hold regular
     meetings on consumer rights protection and review reports of senior management and the consumer
     rights protection department; to provide guidance on material information disclosure on consumer rights
     protection; and to deal with other matters as authorized by the Board.

     During the reporting period, the Consumer Rights Protection Committee mainly considered the 2024
     Work Report on Protection of Financial Consumer Rights and Interests and 2025 Work Plan of China
     Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd., Report on Complaints of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. in 2024, Opinions and
     Audit Rectification Feedback Report on the Special Audit of Consumer Rights and Interests Protection
     Work in 2024, Work Report on Protection of Consumer Rights and Interests of China Zheshang Bank
     Co., Ltd. for the First Half of 2025, and Report of China Zheshang Bank on the Rectification Plan and
     Status of the On-site Complaint Inspection by the Financial Consumer Rights Protection Bureau of the
     National Financial Regulatory Administration, as well as other resolutions or reports.

6.   Inclusive Finance Development Committee
     As at the end of the reporting period, the Inclusive Finance Development Committee of the Company
     consisted of 5 Directors. Mr. Fu Tingmei, Independent Non-executive Director, served as the Committee
     Chairman. Other committee members included Mr. Hou Xingchuan, Non-executive Director, Mr. Ren
     Zhixiang, Non-executive Director, Mr. Ying Yuxiang, Non-executive Director, and Mr. Wang Wei,
     Independent Non-executive Director.

     The main duties of the Inclusive Finance Development Committee are to formulate strategic plans for the
     development of the Bank’s inclusive finance business and the basic management system; to review the
     annual business plan of the Inclusive Finance Division and the evaluation and assessment methods; and
     to direct and supervise the effective implementation of the annual business plan of the Inclusive Finance
     Division, as well as any other matters as may be authorized by the Board of Directors.

     During the reporting period, the Inclusive Finance Development Committee mainly considered Work
     Summary of Small and Micro Enterprises under Inclusive Finance for 2024 and Work Plan for 2025
     of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. and Interpretation of the “Implementation Plan for the High-Quality
     Development of Inclusive Finance in the Banking and Insurance Sectors” and other resolutions.
098    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Corporate Governance



      (VI) Supervisory Committee
               The Supervisory Committee is a supervisory body of the Company and is accountable to the general
               meetings, and oversees the strategic planning, business decisions, financial activities, risk management,
               internal control and corporate governance of the Company, and the duty performance of the Directors
               and the senior management with an aim to protect the legitimate rights and interests of the Company,
               Shareholders, employees, creditors and other stakeholders.

      1.       Composition of Supervisory Committee
               The Supervisory Committee of the Company consists of 9 members, among them, 2 shareholder
               supervisors are from shareholder companies and have extensive experience in business management
               and financial expertise; 4 employee supervisors have participated in economics and banking operation
               and administration for a long time, and thus accumulated rich professional experience in economics and
               finance; and the 3 external Supervisors have been engaged in finance, economics and law, etc., and
               have thus accumulated extensive experience in those fields and unique perspectives. The composition
               of the Supervisory Committee of the Company has adequate expertise and independence which ensures
               the effective supervision by the Supervisory Committee.

               Nomination Committee and Supervision Committee are established under the Supervisory Committee of
               the Company.

      2.       Performance of Supervisory Committee
               The Supervisory Committee performs its supervisory duties primarily by holding regular meetings of
               supervisors and special committees to consider, review and hear relevant issues; attending and being
               present at shareholders’ general meetings, the Board meetings and special committee meetings;
               attending related meetings on operation and management held by the Senior Management; listening to
               the related work reports or professional reports of the Senior Management and departments; making
               performance appraisal on Directors, supervisors or senior management; reviewing various documents,
               information and statements of the Company; carrying out special investigations and surveys at branches;
               putting forward work suggestions to the Board of Directors and Senior Management.

               During the reporting period, the Supervisory Committee convened 10 meetings, of which 7 were onsite
               meetings and 3 were by way of telecommunications. 32 proposals were reviewed and 15 proposals
               were considered and listened to regarding corporate governance, regular report, evaluation of the duty
               performance of the Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management, business innovation, business
               operations, risk management, financial activities, internal control and case prevention and internal audit,
               etc.

               According to the provisions of relevant laws, regulations and the Articles of Association of the Company,
               the supervisors attended all general meetings, all meetings of the Board of Directors and some special
               committees under the Board of Directors, and performed supervision on legal compliance of holding
               general meetings and Directors’ meetings, the procedures for voting by poll as well as the Directors’
               attendance of meetings, providing opinions and voting, etc.
                                                                                            Annual Report 2025   099




                                                                         Corporate Governance


     All the 3 external Supervisors of the Company can exercise the supervision function independently.
     In performing their duties, the external Supervisors took the initiative to know about the Company’s
     operation and management situations by attending meetings of the Supervisory Committee, convening
     meetings of the special committees under the Supervisory Committee, being present at the meetings
     of the Board of Directors and its special committees, participating in the survey activities of the
     Supervisory Committee on branch outlets, and reviewing carefully all kinds of documents, data and
     statements. Meanwhile, they expressed their independent opinions or suggestions about major issues,
     and exchanged opinions with the Board of Directors and Senior Management about the problems found
     out in a timely manner, which played an active role for the Supervisory Committee to perform their
     supervision duties.

     During the reporting period, the Supervisory Committee of the Company had no objection to the matters
     supervised.

3.   Information on training and survey of Supervisors
     Throughout the year, Supervisors were organized to participate in 1 anti-money laundering training, and
     1 ESG training.

     Throughout the year, Supervisors were organized to carry out in-depth investigations in a number of
     branches, such as Nanjing Branch and Shanghai Branch, understood the implementation of head office
     system and decision and the transformation and development of branch and risk management, and
     proactively provided advices and recommendations to relevant leaders.

4.   Adjustments to Institutions
     In accordance with the Company Law of the People’s Republic of China (Revised in 2023) and the
     relevant provisions of the China Securities Regulatory Commission and the National Financial Regulatory
     Administration, the Company held its second extraordinary general meeting of 2025 on December 31,
     2025, which considered and approved the “Proposal on the Abolition of Supervisory Committee”, and
     the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors will assume the duties and powers of the Supervisory
     Committee stipulated by laws and regulations. This adjustment will take effect upon the Company’s
     receipt of the approval from the National Financial Regulatory Administration regarding the revised
     Articles of Association of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. The seventh session of the Supervisory
     Committee and the Supervisors of the Company will continue to perform their duties in accordance with
     laws, regulations, and the relevant provisions of the Articles of Association of China Zheshang Bank Co.,
     Ltd. until the adjustment to abolish the Supervisory Board of the Company takes effect.
100    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Corporate Governance



      (VII) Special Committees under Supervisory Committee
               The Nomination Committee under the Supervisory Committee consisted of 4 Supervisors, and the
               Supervision Committee consisted of 5 Supervisors, and the external Supervisor served as the Committee
               Chairman.

      1.       Nomination Committee under Supervisory Committee
               The members of the Nomination Committee of the Supervisory Committee are Mr. Wang Congcong
               (Chairman), Mr. Peng Zhiyuan, Mr. Du Quan, and Mr. Ma Xiaofeng.

               The main duties of the Nomination Committee are as follows: to draft standards and procedures of
               electing and appointing Supervisors; to recommend qualified candidates of external Supervisors; to
               make an initial evaluation on the qualifications of candidates of shareholders serving as Supervisors and
               external Supervisors and give suggestions to the Supervisory Committee; to propose to the Supervisory
               Committee candidates of Chairman and Vice Chairman of the Supervisory Committee based on the
               actual condition of the Company; to propose and recommend to the Supervisory Committee candidates
               of chairmen of various special committees; to supervise the election and appointment of Directors; to
               draft remuneration plans for Supervisors, make proposals to the Supervisory Committee and supervise
               the implementation of the said plans after they have been considered by the Supervisory Committee
               and have been submitted to the general meetings for consideration; to supervise the scientificity and
               rationality of the remuneration system and policy of the whole Bank as well as the remuneration scheme
               of senior management; to be responsible for drafting measures for evaluating the duty performance of
               Directors, Supervisors and senior management, making proposals to the Supervisory Committee and
               implementing these measures after submitting them to the Supervisory Committee for consideration and
               decision-making; to assist the Supervisory Committee office in the establishment of a duty performance
               supervision recording system for Directors, Supervisors and senior management and complete the
               duty performance supervision records; and to deal with other matters as authorized by the Supervisory
               Committee.

               During the reporting period, the Nomination Committee under the Supervisory Committee held a total
               of 4 meetings, at which it mainly recommended and nominated the candidates for the chairman of the
               Special Committee of the Supervisory Committee of the Company. It mainly considered the Results of
               the Performance Evaluation of the Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management for the year 2024, the
               Proposal for the Performance Evaluation of the Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management for the
               year 2025, and other proposals.
                                                                                             Annual Report 2025    101




                                                                           Corporate Governance


2.   Supervision Committee under Supervisory Committee
     The members of Supervision Committee under Supervisory Committee are Mr. Zhang Fanquan
     (Committee Chairman), Mr. Wu Fanghua, Ms. Chen Zhong, Mr. Wang Junbo and Mr. Chen Sanlian.

     The main duties of the Supervision Committee are as follows: to draft plans of supervision on the financial
     activities of the Company and conducting relevant inspections; to supervise the Board of Directors’
     adoption of prudent business philosophy and value standards and formulate development strategies
     in line with the actual situations of the Company; to regularly evaluate the scientificity, rationality and
     effectiveness of the development strategies formulated by the Board of Directors for compilation of
     evaluation reports; to instruct the work of the internal audit department of the Company; to carry out
     an audit of any resigning senior management when necessary; to supervise the duty performance by
     Directors, Supervisors and senior management; to supervise and inspect major operational decisions of
     the Company; to supervise and inspect risk management of the Company; to supervise and inspect the
     soundness and effectiveness of the internal control of the Company; and to deal with other matters as
     authorized by the Supervisory Committee.

     During the reporting period, the Supervision Committee held a total of 4 meetings to review the Report
     on Special Inspection of the Supervisory Committee for 2024, the Annual Report for 2024, the Report
     on the Management and Implementation of the Consolidation of Statements for 2024, the Sustainability
     Report for 2024, the Internal Audit Work Report for 2024, the Internal Control Evaluation Report for 2024,
     and considered or reviewed the First Quarter, interim and Third Quarter results reports for 2025. They
     also listened to the report on the financial situation of the Company in 2024, etc.

     In addition, members of the Supervision Committee also attended 1 meeting of the Audit Committee of
     the Board of Directors to supervise the review process of relevant matters and the performance of duties
     by directors.

(VIII) Company Operation and Decision-Making System
     The general meeting is the Company’s power organ which manages and supervises the Company
     through the Board of Directors and Supervisory Committee. The President is employed by the Board of
     Directors to take charge of the daily operation and management of the Company. The Company adopts
     the single-level legal person system. All the branches and sub-branches are non-independent accounting
     units. They carry out the operation and management activities according to the authorization of the head
     office and are accountable to the head office.

     According to the Articles of Association, the Board of Directors exercises the functions and powers of
     appointing or dismissing the Bank’s President, listening to the work report of the President and reviewing
     his performance, monitoring and ensuring the Senior Management’s efficient fulfillment of management
     duties. The Company adopts a system by which the President shall assume overall responsibility in
     operation and management of the Company under the leadership of the Board of Directors; and the
     President shall be accountable to the Board of Directors.

     The Company has no controlling Shareholder and de facto controller. The Company and the
     Shareholders are completely independent in terms of assets, businesses, personnel, organizations and
     finance, etc. The Company has a complete and independent operation capacity. The Board of Directors,
     Supervisory Committee and internal units of the Company operate independently.
102    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Corporate Governance



      (IX)     Chairman and President
               According to the Code C.2.1 of the Corporate Governance Code (Appendix C1 to the Hong Kong Listing
               Rules), the roles of Chairman and chief executive officer should be separate and should not be performed
               by the same individual. The division of responsibilities between the Chairman and chief executive officer
               should be clearly established and set out in writing. As at the end of the reporting period, the positions
               of Chairman and President of the Company are served by different persons, and each position has
               clearly defined responsibilities, fulfilling the requirements of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. The Chairman
               of the Company is responsible for presiding over the general meetings, convening and presiding over
               the meetings of Board of Directors and supervising and inspecting the implementation of the resolutions
               of the Board of Directors and other duties. The President of the Company is responsible for leading the
               operation and management of the Company, reporting to the Board of Directors and organizing the
               implementation of the resolutions of the Board of Directors, the annual operation plan and investment
               scheme of the Company.

      (X)      Company Secretary
               Mr. Luo Feng and Ms. Chan Yin Wah have been appointed as the Joint Company Secretaries of the
               Company with effect from December 19, 2023. As disclosed in the announcement of the Company
               dated August 9, 2024 in relation to, among others, the appointment of Joint Company Secretaries of the
               Company, Mr. Luo Feng and Ms. Chan Yin Wah will continue to serve as the Joint Company Secretaries
               of the Company for the same term as the seventh session of the Board. For details, please refer to the
               announcement of the Company disclosed on the website of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange dated
               August 9, 2024.

               Mr. Luo Feng is one of the Joint Company Secretaries of the Company. Ms. Chan Yin Wah, an associate
               Director of SWCS Corporate Services Group (Hong Kong) Limited, is the joint company secretary
               who meets the relevant professional qualification requirements of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. They
               are mainly responsible for facilitating the operation of the Board of Directors, ensuring the effective
               communication between the members of the Board of Directors and the observation of the policies
               and procedures of the Board of Directors, and ensuring the compliance of the Company with Hong
               Kong Listing Rules and other regulations. Any Director can discuss with, seek advice from and obtain
               information from the secretary of the Company. Ms. Chan Yin Wah’s main contact person in our
               Company is Mr. Luo Feng.

               During the reporting period, Mr. Luo Feng and Ms. Chan Yin Wah were both complied with the
               requirements of Rule 3.29 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.

      (XI)     Securities Transactions by Directors and Supervisors
               The Company has adopted a code of conduct for securities transactions by Directors and supervisors no
               less exacting than the Model Code in the Appendix C3 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules. The Company
               had inquired all the Directors and Supervisors and confirmed that they had been complying with the
               aforesaid code of conduct during the reporting period.

      (XII) R e l a t i o n s h i p b e t w e e n D i r e c t o r s , S u p e r v i s o r s a n d S e n i o r
            Management
               There is no financial, business, family or other material/affiliated relationship between the Directors,
               Supervisors and senior management of the Company.
                                                                                               Annual Report 2025    103




                                                                            Corporate Governance



(XIII) Shareholders’ Rights
      The Shareholders shall enjoy the following rights in accordance with the requirements of the Company
      Law of the People’s Republic of China and the Articles of Association of the Company:

1.    To hold extraordinary general meeting
      At the request of the Shareholders separately or jointly holding 10% or more of the total Shares, the
      Company shall hold an extraordinary general meeting within two months.

      When the Shareholders request to convene an extraordinary general meeting or a Shareholders’ class
      meeting, the following procedures shall be observed: the Shareholders separately or jointly holding 10%
      or more of the total Shares (including preferred shares with restored voting rights, etc.) submit a written
      proposal to the Board of Directors and explain the meeting topics. The Board of Directors shall reply in
      written form within ten days after receiving the proposal as for agreeing or disagreeing to convene the
      extraordinary general meeting or a Shareholders’ class meeting.

      If the Board of Directors agrees to convene an extraordinary general meeting or a Shareholders’ class
      meeting, a notice of convening the general meeting shall be sent within five days after the resolution
      made by the Board of Directors. Any change to the original proposal in the notice shall be approved by
      the relevant Shareholders.

      If the Board of Directors does not agree to convene the extraordinary general meeting or a Shareholders’
      class meeting, or fails to reply within ten days after receiving the proposal, the Shareholders separately
      or jointly holding 10% or more of the total Shares (including preferred shares with restored voting rights,
      etc.) have the right to propose to the Supervisory Committee to hold the extraordinary general meeting
      or a Shareholders’ class meeting, provided that written request shall be submitted to the Supervisory
      Committee.

      If the Supervisory Committee agrees to convene an extraordinary general meeting or a Shareholders’
      class meeting, the notice of convening the general meeting shall be sent within five days after the receipt
      of the request. Any change to the original proposal in the notice shall be approved by the relevant
      Shareholders.

      If the Supervisory Committee fails to provide the notice of holding general meeting or a Shareholders’
      class meeting within the specified period, it shall be deemed that Supervisory Committee will not convene
      and preside over the general meeting or a Shareholders’ class meeting, the Shareholders separately or
      jointly holding 10% or more of the total Shares (including preferred shares with restored voting rights,
      etc.) may convene and preside over such meetings at their own discretion.

      If the Supervisory Committee or the Shareholders decide to convene the general meeting on their own,
      they shall notify the Board of Directors in writing and file with the stock exchange. The Board of Directors
      and the secretary to the Board of Directors shall cooperate. The Board of Directors shall provide the
      register of members as of the record date, and the reasonable cost required for the meeting shall be
      borne by the Company, which shall be deducted from the payment due to the default Directors.
104    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Corporate Governance


      2.       To make proposal to the general meeting
               The Shareholders separately or jointly holding 1% or more of the voting Shares (including preferred
               shares with restored voting rights, etc.) have the right to make proposals to the general meeting.

               The Shareholders separately or jointly holding 1% or more of the voting Shares (including preferred
               shares with restored voting rights, etc.) may make temporary proposal and submit in written form to
               the convener ten days before the holding date of the general meeting. The convener shall issue the
               supplementary notice of the general meeting within two days after receiving the relevant proposal to
               disclose the contents of the temporary proposal. For the contact details, please refer to “Company
               Profile” of this report.

      3.       To hold extraordinary meeting of Board of Directors
               At the request of the shareholders separately or jointly holding 10% or more of the total Shares, the
               Chairman shall convene and preside over an extraordinary meeting of Board of Directors within ten days
               after receiving the proposal.

      4.       To make inquiries with the Board of Directors
               Shareholders have the right to inspect and copy the articles of association, the register of shareholders,
               minutes of the general meetings, resolutions of the meetings of the Board of Directors, resolutions of
               the meetings of the Supervisory Committee, and the financial and accounting reports, and to make
               suggestions or inquiries regarding the Company’s operations.

               Shareholders who individually or jointly hold 3% or more of the Company’s shares for 180 consecutive
               days or more and request to inspect the Company’s accounting books and accounting vouchers shall
               submit a written request to the Company stating the purpose. If the Company has reasonable grounds
               to believe that the shareholder has an improper purpose in inspecting the accounting books and
               accounting vouchers, which may harm the legitimate interests of the Company, it may refuse to provide
               the inspection, and shall reply to the shareholder in writing stating the reasons within fifteen days from
               the date the shareholder submits the written request. If the Company refuses to provide the inspection,
               the shareholder may file a lawsuit with a people’s court.

               Shareholders may entrust intermediaries such as accounting firms and law firms to inspect the materials
               stipulated in the preceding paragraph.

               Shareholders and their entrusted intermediaries such as accounting firms and law firms that inspect
               and copy relevant materials shall abide by the provisions of laws and administrative regulations on the
               protection of state secrets, commercial secrets, personal privacy, and personal information.

               Shareholders of a listed company inspecting and copying relevant materials shall abide by the provisions
               of laws and administrative regulations such as the Securities Law of the People’s Republic of China.
                                                                                           Annual Report 2025   105




                                                                         Corporate Governance



(XIV) Implementation of Information Disclosure
      During the reporting period, the Company faithfully performed the obligation of information disclosure,
      constantly improved regular reporting disclosures, and disclosed temporary announcements in a more
      active and timely manner, with continuous improvement of the effectiveness and transparency of
      information disclosure.

      The Company prohibits its staff from trading or recommending others to trade by making use of inside
      information. The Company established information disclosure management system, which has identified
      the department responsible for inside information management, to disclose information in a timely and
      compliant manner according to the requirements and procedures of Rules Governing the Listing of
      Stocks on Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong Listing Rules.

      During the reporting period, the Company truly, accurately, completely, timely and fairly carried out
      information disclosure work, strictly in accordance with the requirements of relevant information
      disclosure laws and regulations. The Company disclosed a total of 96 various announcements for A
      Shares on the newspapers designated by the CSRC, including China Securities Journal, Shanghai
      Securities News, Securities Times and Securities Daily, the websites of the Shanghai Stock Exchange
      and the Company, and disclosed a total of 131 various announcements for H Shares on the websites
      of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the Company, which ensured that all shareholders had equal
      opportunity to get relevant information of the Company. In 2025, the Company obtained the highest
      rating of Grade A for information disclosure of the Shanghai Stock Exchange.

(XV) Investor Relations Management
      The Company attaches great importance to communication and exchange with investors, continuously
      strengthens its investor relations management capabilities, builds multi-channel and multi-level
      communication bridges with investors, and continuously deepens the market’s recognition of the
      Company. In 2025, the Company was awarded the honor of “Best Practices in Presentation of Annual
      Report 2024” by the China Association of Public Companies.

      During the reporting period, the Company held three high-quality results presentation meetings, with
      market attention continuing to rise. The 2024 annual and 2025 half-year results presentation meetings
      were held through the mode of “on-site meeting + online live broadcast”, and the 2025 third-quarter
      results presentation meeting was held through network text interaction. During the meetings, the senior
      management gave comprehensive and in-depth answers to focal issues of market concern, such as
      the effectiveness of the Company’s smart operation, the implementation of the “Five Finances”, and the
      specific measures for the strategy of “Deepening the Development in Zhejiang”. The various network
      platforms attracted a total of more than 200,000 online views. After the meetings, the Company timely
      released the transcripts of the results presentations to ensure that investors who did not attend could
      keep abreast of the Company’s operating conditions and safeguard the rights and interests of investors.
106    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Corporate Governance


               During the reporting period, the Company continued to enrich the forms of investor exchange activities
               and consolidate the foundation of investor relations. The Company held nearly 30 investor exchange
               sessions through reception of research and participation in brokerage strategy meetings, widely
               covering nearly 100 brokerages, funds and important institutional investors, effectively consolidating the
               investor base; it carried out in-depth featured Investor Open Day activities, focused on the Company’s
               characteristic businesses, and invited research teams composed of brokerage analysts, fund managers
               and researchers to conduct on-site research at excellent branches, intuitively demonstrating the
               Company’s smart operation initiatives; and it pioneered thematic live broadcasts to efficiently interpret the
               core highlights of the annual report and the practical effectiveness of sci-tech finance, further broadening
               the breadth and depth of value dissemination.

               During the reporting period, the Company continuously strengthened daily communication with small and
               medium-sized investors and fulfilled its main responsibility for investor protection. The Company always
               actively solidifies the daily exchange work with small and medium-sized investors, regularly replies to
               investors’ questions on SSE e-interaction, handles IR mailbox emails, answers investor hotline calls, and
               standardizes the recording and feedback of investor exchanges. At the same time, the Company placed
               promotional posters on platforms such as its official website, actively carried out activities such as the
               “May 15 National Investor Protection Publicity Day”, and effectively fulfilled its duties of protecting small
               and medium-sized investors.

      (XVI) Major Changes of the Articles of Association
               On December 31, 2025, the Company held the 2025 second extraordinary general meeting to consider
               and approve the proposal on amending the Articles of Association of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.
               For details of the proposal, please refer to the circular of the general meeting published by the Company
               on the websites of the Shanghai Stock Exchange, the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the Company.
               The amendments to the Articles of Association are subject to the approval of the National Financial
               Regulatory Administration.

      (XVII) Statement of Compliance with the Corporate Governance Code as
             Set out in the Hong Kong Listing Rules
               The Company agrees to the principles as set out in Corporate Governance Code (Appendix C1 to the
               Hong Kong Listing Rules). From January 1, 2025, to December 31, 2025, the Company has been in full
               compliance with the code provisions under such Code, except for the following:

               Code provision C.2.1 of the Corporate Governance Code in Appendix C1 to the Hong Kong Listing
               Rules requires that the roles of chairman and chief executive should be separate and not be performed
               by the same individual. The division of responsibilities between the chairman and chief executive should
               be clearly established and set out in writing. Due to work arrangement, the Board of the Company has
               agreed that former Chairman Lu Jianqiang will act as President from August 18, 2024 until the date
               on which a new President is appointed with his qualifications being approved by the National Financial
               Regulatory Administration. On April 10, 2025, the Company convened the second extraordinary meeting
               of the seventh session of the Board in 2025, at which the Resolution on the Appointment of President
               of China Zheshang Bank was considered and approved to appoint Mr. Chen Haiqiang as the President
               of the China Zheshang Bank. On July 9, 2025, Mr. Lu Jianqiang resigned as Executive Director and
               Chairman of the Company, and President Chen Haiqiang acted as Chairman from the same day. On
               December 5, 2025, it was resolved to elect Mr. Chen Haiqiang as the Chairman, and his qualifications
                                                                                                Annual Report 2025    107




                                                                             Corporate Governance


      was approved by the National Financial Regulatory Administration on February 13, 2026. On December
      31, 2025, Mr. Chen Haiqiang resigned as the President, and Mr. Lyu Linhua was appointed as the
      President on the same date. Prior to the approval of his eligibility to be the President, Mr. Lyu Linhua will
      serve as an acting President. Since then, the Company has once again complied with Code Provision
      C.2.1, namely that the roles of Chairman and President are served by different persons. On April 10,
      2026, Mr. Lyu Linhua’s qualification as the President had been approved by the National Financial
      Regulatory Administration.

      In addition, according to code provision C.1.5 of the Corporate Governance Code, independent
      non-executive directors and other non-executive directors should attend the general meetings. During the
      reporting period, one non-executive Director of the Company was unable to attend the first extraordinary
      general meeting of 2025 of the Company held on September 25, 2025 (the “2025 First EGM”) due
      to business engagement. However, there were sufficient Directors (including executive Directors,
      non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors) present at the 2025 First EGM to
      ensure that the Board had a full and fair understanding of the views of the shareholders of the Company
      and that any Director absent from the 2025 First EGM was able to obtain an understanding of the views
      of the shareholders of the Company expressed at the 2025 First EGM, if any, from the Directors present
      at the meetings.

(XVIII)Risk Management and Internal Control
      In accordance with the requirements of Commercial Banking Law, Basic Rules on Enterprise Internal
      Control, Internal Control Guidelines for Commercial Banks and other laws and regulations, the
      Company has established standardized corporate governance structure and defined the scope of
      rights, responsibility assignment and rules of procedures for the general meeting, Board of Directors,
      Supervisory Committee and Senior Management. Such organizations as Audit Committee and the Risk
      and Related Party Transaction Control Committee have been established under the Board of Directors
      to take charge of the establishment and implementation of sufficient and effective risk management and
      internal control system and review of the sufficiency and effectiveness of such systems. The Supervision
      Committee has been established under the Supervisory Committee to supervise the duty performance
      by Directors, Supervisors and senior management, and supervise and inspect the soundness and
      effectiveness of the internal control of the Company. The risk management and internal control committee
      has been established under the Senior Management to take charge of the organization and coordination
      of internal control management as well as establishment and improvement of the concept, system and
      organizational structure of internal control.

      The Company has strictly complied with the relevant requirements of the Rules Governing the Listing of
      Stocks on Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong Listing Rules, established and continuously
      improved internal control and risk management system by taking account of the practical situation of the
      Company to reasonably ensure that the operation management complies with the laws and rules, that the
      assets are safe and that the financial reports and relevant information are true and complete to improve
      the operating efficiency and effectiveness and to promote the fulfillment of development strategy. The risk
      management and internal control system is designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure
      to achieve business objectives, and the Board can only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance
      against material misstatement or loss.
108    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Corporate Governance


               During the reporting period, the Company continuously focused on the goal and vision of becoming a
               “first-class commercial bank”, deepened the construction of its internal control system and enhanced its
               governance capabilities. We adhered to using culture building as the guidance, deepened the connotation
               of compliance culture, strengthened the proactive compliance awareness of all staff members, and
               continuously optimized the internal control environment. We improved the risk identification and dynamic
               assessment mechanism, strengthened monitoring and tracking, and enhanced the foresight and
               effectiveness of risk response. We adhered to the principle of “step-by-step limitation, differentiation,
               dynamic adjustment, and matching rights and responsibilities”, and improved the refined rigid control
               scope of the authorization system. We continuously promoted the internalization of external regulations
               and the establishment, reform, and abolition of systems, strengthened post evaluation of systems,
               and improved the institutional system. We promoted the deep embedding of compliance management
               requirements and business management measures into process systems, enhancing the intelligent level
               of the overall process control. We deepened digital reform, improved the data governance system,
               strengthened data quality control and application capabilities, and provided support for operational
               decision-making. We deepened supervision and inspection, strengthened closed-loop rectification
               and precise accountability; for important and typical problems, we studied systematic measures and
               mechanism arrangements to enhance problem governance effectiveness. The internal control system
               ran smoothly and effectively as a whole throughout the year, laying a solid guarantee for the high-quality
               development of the Company.

               While disclosing the annual report, the Company also disclosed the Internal Control Evaluation Report
               of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2025 in accordance with the requirements of the CSRC and
               Shanghai Stock Exchange. The report stated that the Bank had maintained effective internal control over
               financial reporting in all material aspects in accordance with the standard system for enterprise internal
               control and relevant rules as at December 31, 2025 (benchmark date). KPMG Huazhen LLP has audited
               the effectiveness of the Bank’s internal control over financial reporting in accordance with the relevant
               requirements as at December 31, 2025 and issued the standard unqualified auditing report on internal
               control.

      (XIX) External Auditors and Their Remuneration
               For the Company’s external auditors and their remuneration, please see “Directors’ Report – Employment
               of Accounting Firms” of this report.

               The responsibility statement of the Company’s external auditors on its financial statements is set out in
               “Financial Report” of this report.
                                                                                             Annual Report 2025    109




                                                                           Corporate Governance



(XX) Internal Audit
     The Company has established an independent and vertical internal audit management system, which is
     accountable to and reports to the Board of Directors and the Audit Committee. The audit organizational
     structure of the Company is an operating model of ‘Head Office + stationed institutions’. At the head
     office level, there are 4 direct audit divisions and the Integrated Management Center (Evaluation and
     Accountability Center), Off-site Audit Center, Quality Control Center, and Supervisory Affairs Center;
     based on factors such as the number of branches, business scale, and geographical location, stationed
     institutions are set up in the locations of 22 domestic branches, which are directly led and centrally
     managed by the Audit Department of the Head Office and are accountable to the Audit Department of
     the Head Office; audit departments are set up in the Hong Kong Branch and two subsidiaries. Audit is
     responsible for carrying out audit supervision and evaluation of the Bank’s business operations, internal
     control and risk conditions, implementing economic responsibility audits on personnel in corresponding
     positions, and ensuring the execution of the Bank’s strategies and prudent operations.

     During the reporting period, internal audit anchored on the goal and vision of becoming a “first-class
     commercial bank”, adhered to long-termism, insisted on doing difficult but correct things, promoted
     the construction of the five-word ecosystem of “integrity, simplicity, professionalism, cooperation and
     honesty”, practiced the five-word action guidelines of “stability, progress, innovation, reform, and
     excellence”, maintained strategic focus and upheld fundamental principles while breaking new ground,
     so as to improve the independence, effectiveness, precision and proactivity of audit work, gave play to
     the supportive role of audit as the third line of defense for operational development, and promoted the
     high-quality development of the whole Bank. Based on the main responsibilities and main business of
     audit supervision, we kept a close eye on key positions to strengthen performance supervision, focused
     on key businesses to carry out special supervision, deepened and solidified audit projects, objectively
     reflected the problems existing in the Company’s operation and management, focused on putting
     forward high-quality audit opinions and suggestions, and gave play to the driving role of audit work in the
     strategic implementation, risk prevention and standardized management of the Bank as a whole.
110    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders


      (I)      Changes in Ordinary Shares
      1.       Table of Changes in Ordinary Shares
                                                                                                                            Unit: Share, %
                                                                                              During the
                                                                 December 31, 2024      reporting period         December 31, 2025
                                                                                             Number of
                                                                 Number Proportion (%) Changes (shares)          Number      Proportion (%)


               I. Restricted shares                                     –              –              –                 –                 –
               II. Unrestricted shares outstanding         27,464,635,963         100.00              –    27,464,635,963            100.00
                   1. RMB ordinary shares                  21,544,435,963          78.44              –    21,544,435,963             78.44
                   2. Domestically listed foreign shares                –              –              –                 –                 –
                   3. Foreign shares listed abroad          5,920,200,000          21.56              –     5,920,200,000             21.56
                   4. Other                                             –              –              –                 –                 –
               III. Total number of ordinary shares        27,464,635,963         100.00              –    27,464,635,963            100.00

               As of the end of the reporting period, the issued shares of the Company were 27,464,635,963 ordinary
               shares, including 21,544,435,963 A Shares and 5,920,200,000 H Shares.

      2.       Description on Change in Ordinary Shares
               None.

      3.       Effects of Change in Ordinary Shares on Financial Indicators such as Earnings per
               Share and Net Assets per Share for the Latest Year and Period
               None.

      (II)     Issuance and Listing of Securities
      1.       Issuance of Securities during the Reporting Period
               During the Reporting Period, the Company did not issue new ordinary shares nor sell any treasury shares
               (as defined in the Hong Kong Listing Rules) for cash.

      2.       Description on Change in Asset and Liability Structure
               None.
                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025      111




                                    Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders



(III) Information on Shareholders of Ordinary Shares
      Number of Shareholders of Ordinary Shares and Their Shareholdings
      As of the end of the reporting period, the Company had 209,421 shareholders of ordinary shares in total,
      including 209,313 shareholders of A Shares and 108 shareholders of H Shares. As of the end of the last
      month before the publication date of this Annual Report, there were 213,694 shareholders of ordinary
      shares in total, including 213,588 shareholders of A Shares and 106 shareholders of H Shares.

      As of the end of the reporting period, the table of shareholdings of the top ten shareholders and top ten
      shareholders of circulating shares (excluding shares lent through the transfer facility) was as follows:

                                                                                                                             Unit: Share
                                       Increase/
                                       decrease       Number of
      Name of                         during the   shares held at                                      Pledge or freezing
      Shareholder                      reporting         the end Proportion                        Status of              Nature of
      (full name)                         period        of period       (%) Class of shares        Shares          Number shareholders


      HKSCC Nominees Limited             +9,299    5,919,886,619      21.55 H Share without        unknown             – –
                                                                              selling restrictions
      Zhejiang Provincial                      –   3,452,076,906      12.57 A Share without        –                   – State-owned Legal
        Innovation Investment                                                 selling restrictions                         Person
        Group Co., Ltd.
      Hengdian Group Holdings       -242,310,660   1,373,231,727       4.99 A Share without        –                   – Domestic Non-
        Limited                                                               selling restrictions                         state-owned
                                                                                                                           Legal Person
      Zhejiang Provincial Energy               –   1,093,531,078       3.98 A Share without        –                   – State-owned Legal
        Group Co., Ltd.                                                       selling restrictions                         Person
      Xintai Life Insurance Co.,               –    996,325,468        3.63 A Share without        –                   – State-owned Legal
        Ltd. - self owned capital                                             selling restrictions                         Person
      Taiping life Insurance Co.,              –    921,538,465        3.36 A Share without        –                   – State-owned Legal
        Ltd.                                                                  selling restrictions                         Person
      Minsheng Life Insurance                  –    768,593,847        2.80 A Share without        –                   – Domestic Non-
        Co., Ltd. - self owned                                                selling restrictions                         state-owned
        capital                                                                                                            Legal Person
      Zhejiang Hengyi High-tech                –    660,490,068        2.40 A Share without        pledged   508,069,283 Domestic Non-
        Materials Co., Ltd.                                                   selling restrictions                         state-owned
                                                                                                                           Legal Person
      Zhejiang Hengyi Group                    –    643,052,319        2.34 A Share without        pledged   643,052,319 Domestic Non-
        Co., Ltd.                                                             selling restrictions                         state-owned
                                                                                                                           Legal Person
      Xizi Elevator Group Co.,                 –    601,817,646        2.19 A Share without        –                   – Domestic Non-
        Ltd                                                                   selling restrictions                         state-owned
                                                                                                                           Legal Person
112    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders


               Notes:

               1.   The number of shares held by HKSCC Nominees Limited was the sum of shares of the Company’s holders of
                    H-shares which were trading in its transaction system.

               2.   Zhejiang Provincial Financial Holdings Co., Ltd. has now been renamed as Zhejiang Provincial Innovation
                    Investment Group Co., Ltd.

               3.   As of the end of the reporting period, among the top ten shareholders mentioned above, Zhejiang Hengyi High-
                    tech Materials Co., Ltd. and Zhejiang Hengyi Group Co., Ltd. have a connected relationship. Apart from that,
                    the Company is not aware of other connected relationship between the above shareholders or whether they are
                    parties acting in concert.

               4.   To the knowledge of the Company, as of the end of the reporting period, none of the shareholders listed in the
                    table was involved in participating in securities lending business.


      (IV) Information on the Controlling Shareholders and De Facto
           Controllers
               As of the end of the reporting period, the Company had no controlling shareholders or de facto
               controllers.

      (V)      Information on the Company ’s Largest Shareholder of Ordinary
               Share
               As of the end of the reporting period, Zhejiang Provincial Innovation Investment Group Co., Ltd. held
               12.57% of the shares of the Company and was the Company’s largest shareholder.

               Zhejiang Provincial Innovation Investment Group Co., Ltd. was established in September 2012 with the
               uniform social credit code of 913300000542040763 and its legal representative was Yang Qiangmin.
               With a registered capital of RMB12.0 billion, it is a provincial state-owned financial capital investment and
               operation platform. Zhejiang Provincial Innovation Investment Group Co., Ltd. is a provincial state-owned
               enterprise, mainly responsible for the management of provincial government investment funds, financial
               and quasi-financial equity management, investment in science and technology enterprises, digital finance,
               and digital government. The controlling shareholders and de facto controllers of Zhejiang Provincial
               Innovation Investment Group Co., Ltd. is Zhejiang Provincial Department of Finance, which holds 100%
               equity interest of Zhejiang Provincial Innovation Investment Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                Annual Report 2025               113




                                      Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders



(VI) Information on Substantial Shareholders of Ordinary Shares
      As at December 31, 2025

                                                                                                                                                     Unit: Share, %
                                                                         Reasons for
                                   Number of Separately          Jointly being the           Number of                                         Parties Ultimate
          Name of                 shares held shareholding shareholding Substantial            pledged Controlling          De facto           acting in beneficial
      No. Shareholder                 (share)         ratio        ratio Shareholders           shares shareholders         controllers        concert owners


      1 Zhejiang Provincial     3,452,076,906       12.57         12.57 Holding 5% or                – Zhejiang Provincial Zhejiang Provincial Nil       Zhejiang Provincial
          Innovation                                                      more of the                    Department of       Department of                 Innovation
          Investment Group                                                Bank’s shares                  Finance             Finance                       Investment Group
          Co., Ltd.                                                       and dispatch                                                                     Co., Ltd.
                                                                          Directors to the
                                                                          Bank
      2 Zhejiang Provincial     1,093,531,078         3.98                                            – State-owned Assets                    Nil        Zhejiang Provincial
          Energy Group Co.,                                                                               Supervision and                                  Energy Group Co.,
          Ltd.                                                                                            Administration                                   Ltd.
                                                                       Holding 5% or                                        State-owned
                                                                                                          Commission of
                                                                          more of the                                         Assets
                                                                                                          the People’s
                                                                          Bank’s shares                                       Supervision and
                                                                                                          Government of
                                                                          in total with                                       Administration
                                                                                                          Zhejiang Province
                                                                   6.73 the related                                           Commission of
      3 Zheneng Capital          475,322,900          1.73                                            – Zheneng Capital                       Nil        Zheneng Capital
                                                                          parties and                                         the People’s
          Investment (Hong                                                                                Holdings Limited                                 Holdings Limited
                                                                          jointly dispatch                                    Government
          Kong) Limited (H
                                                                          Directors to the                                    of Zhejiang
          share)
                                                                          Bank                                                Province
      4 Zhejiang Energy          280,075,000          1.02                                            – Zhejiang Provincial                   Nil        Zhejiang Energy
          International Co.,                                                                              Energy Group Co.,                                International Co.,
          Ltd. (H share)                                                                                  Ltd.                                             Ltd.
      5 Zhejiang Hengyi          660,490,068          2.40                                  508,069,283 Zhejiang Hengyi                       Nil        Zhejiang Hengyi
          High-tech                                                                                       Petrochemical                                    High-tech
          Materials Co., Ltd.                                                                             Co., Ltd.                                        Materials Co., Ltd.
                                                                        Holding 5% or
      6 Zhejiang Hengyi          643,052,319          2.34                                  643,052,319 Hangzhou Wan                          Nil        Zhejiang Hengyi
                                                                          more of the
          Group Co., Ltd.                                                                                 Yong Industrial                                  Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                   5.88 Bank’s shares                                       Qiu Jianlin
                                                                                                          Investment Co.,
                                                                          in total with the
                                                                                                          Ltd.
                                                                          related parties
      7 Zhejiang Hengyi          312,000,000          1.14                                  240,000,000 Hengyi                                Nil        Zhejiang Hengyi
          Petrochemical Co.,                                                                              Petrochemical                                    Petrochemical
          Ltd.                                                                                            Co., Ltd.                                        Co., Ltd.
114    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders


                                                                                     Reasons for
                                               Number of Separately          Jointly being the           Number of                                         Parties Ultimate
                   Name of                    shares held shareholding shareholding Substantial            pledged Controlling         De facto            acting in beneficial
               No. Shareholder                    (share)         ratio        ratio Shareholders           shares shareholders        controllers         concert owners


               8 Zhejiang Seaport           1,203,410,000         4.38                                           – Zhejiang                                Nil       Zhejiang Provincial
                   (Hong Kong) Co.,                                                                                  Seaport Asset                                     Seaport
                   Limited (H share)                                                                                 Management Co.,                                   Investment &
                                                                                                                     Ltd.                                              Operation Group
                                                                                                                                       Zhejiang Provincial
                                                                                   Holding 5% or                                                                       Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                         State-owned
               9 Zhejiang Provincial         175,890,000          0.64               more of the                 – Ningbo Municipal                        Nil       Zhejiang Provincial
                                                                                                                                         Assets
                   Seaport                                                     5.02 Bank’s shares                    People’s                                          Seaport
                                                                                                                                         Supervision and
                   Investment &                                                      in total with the               Government                                        Investment &
                                                                                                                                         Administration
                   Operation Group                                                   related parties                 State-                                            Operation Group
                                                                                                                                         Commission
                   Co., Ltd. (H share)                                                                               owned Assets                                      Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                     Supervision and
                                                                                                                     Administration
                                                                                                                     Commission
               10 Hengdian Group            1,373,231,727         4.99         4.99 Dispatch Directors           – Dongyang Hengdian Dongyang        Nil             Hengdian Group
                    Holdings Limited                                                   to the Bank                   Association       Hengdian                        Holdings Limited
                                                                                                                     For Economics     Association
                                                                                                                     Corporation       For Economics
                                                                                                                                       Corporation
               11 Xintai Life Insurance      996,325,468          3.63                                           –                                                   Xintai Life Insurance
                     Co., Ltd. - self                                              Dispatch                                                                             Co., Ltd.
                     owned capital                                             4.99 Supervisors to                  Nil                Nil                 Nil
                  Xintai Life Insurance      373,691,000          1.36                the Bank
                     Co., Ltd. (H share)
               12 Zhejiang China Light       587,298,906          2.14                                           – Shaoxing City                         Nil         Zhejiang China Light
                     & Textile Industrial                                                                            Keqiao District                                   & Textile Industrial
                     City Group Co.,                                                                                 Development and                                   City Group Co.,
                     Ltd.                                                          Dispatch                          Operation Group                                   Ltd.
                                                                                                                                     Shaoxing City
                                                                                      Supervisors to                 Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                       Keqiao District
               13 Shaoxing City              393,891,313          1.43         3.57 the Bank with                – Shaoxing Keqiao                       Nil         Shaoxing City
                                                                                                                                       People’s
                    Keqiao District                                                   the related                    District State-                                   Keqiao District
                                                                                                                                       Government
                    Development and                                                   parties jointly                owned Assets                                      Development and
                    Operation Group                                                                                  Investment                                        Operation Group
                    Co., Ltd.                                                                                        Operation Co.,                                    Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                     Ltd.
               14 Taiping life Insurance     921,538,465          3.36         3.36 Dispatch Directors           – China Taiping     Ministry of Finance Nil         Taiping life Insurance
                    Co., Ltd.                                                          to the Bank                   Insurance         of the People’s                 Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                     Holdings Ltd.     Republic of
                                                                                                                                       China

      (VII)    Pledge and Freezing of Ordinary Shares
               As at the end of the reporting period, to the knowledge of the Company, 2,246,053,446 shares of the
               Company (representing 8.18% of the total ordinary shares in issue) were pledged, and 158,075,002
               shares were subject to judicial freezing (including judicial markings).
                                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025         115




                                       Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders



(VIII) Interests in Shares and Short Positions in Accordance with the
       Hong Kong Securities and Futures Ordinance
      As of December 31, 2025, in accordance with the register kept by the Company under section 336 of
      the SFO and so far as the Company is aware, the following persons (excluding the Company’s Directors,
      supervisors and chief executive (as defined in the Hong Kong Listing Rules)) had an interest or short
      position in the Shares or underlying Shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the
      Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or directly or indirectly held 5%
      or more of any class of share capital of the Company:

                                                                                                                                             Approximate
                                                                                                                            Approximate percentage of
                                                 Nature of                                                     Number of     percentage       the relevant
                                                 interests and                              Long/short             shares     of interest class of shares
      Name of Shareholder                        capacity                         Class     position             (shares)             (%)              (%)


      Zhejiang Provincial Innovation Investment beneficial owner                  A Share   long position   3,452,076,906          12.57            16.02
        Group Co., Ltd.
      Zhejiang Hengyi Group Co., Ltd.            beneficial owner and interests   A Share   long position   1,615,542,387           5.88             7.50
                                                    in controlled corporation
      Qiu Jianlin                                interests in controlled          A Share   long position   1,615,542,387           5.88             7.50
                                                    corporation
      Hengdian Group Holdings Limited            beneficial owner                 A Share   long position   1,373,231,727           4.99             6.37
      Hengdian Association for Economic          interests in controlled          A Share   long position   1,373,231,727           4.99             6.37
        Corporation                                 corporation
      Zhejiang Provincial Energy Group Co., beneficial owner                      A Share   long position   1,093,531,078           3.98             5.08
        Ltd
      Zhejiang Provincial Energy Group Co., interests in controlled               H share   long position    755,397,900            2.75            12.76
        Ltd                                         corporation
      Zheneng Capital Holdings Limited           interests in controlled          H share   long position    755,397,900            2.75            12.76
                                                    corporation
      Zhejiang Energy Capital Investment         beneficial owner                 H share   long position    475,322,900            1.73             8.03
        (Hong Kong) Limited
      Zhejiang Provincial Seaport Investment & beneficial owner and interests     H share   long position   1,379,300,000           5.02            23.30
        Operation Group Co., Ltd.                   in controlled corporation
      Zhejiang Seaport (Hong Kong) Co.,          beneficial owner                 H share   long position   1,203,410,000           4.38            20.33
        Limited
      Zhejiang Seaport Asset Management          interests in controlled          H share   long position   1,203,410,000           4.38            20.33
        Co., Ltd.                                   corporation
      Yancoal International (Holdings) Co., Ltd. beneficial owner                 H share   long position    933,897,000            3.40            15.77
      Yanzhou Coal Mining Company Limited interests in controlled                 H share   long position    933,897,000            3.40            15.77
                                                    corporation
      Yankuang Group Co., Ltd.                   interests in controlled          H share   long position    933,897,000            3.40            15.77
                                                    corporation
      Xintai Life Insurance Co., Ltd.            beneficial owner                 H share   long position    373,691,000            1.36             6.31
      Minsheng Life Insurance Co., Ltd.          beneficial owner                 H share   long position    356,948,000            1.30             6.03
      China Wanxiang Holding Co., Ltd.           interests in controlled          H share   long position    356,948,000            1.30             6.03
                                                    corporation
      Aeon Life Insurance Co. Ltd.               beneficial owner                 H share   long position    349,611,600            1.27             5.91
116    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders


               Save as disclosed above, the Company was unaware of any other person (excluding the Company’s
               Directors, Supervisors and chief executive (as defined in the Hong Kong Listing Rules)) who had an
               interest or short position in the Shares or underlying Shares of the Company which would fall to be
               disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or any interest
               or short position as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 336
               of the SFO on December 31, 2025.

      (IX)     Issue of Bonds
               On February 23, 2022, according to the approvals in the documents issued by the former CBIRC
               (Yin Bao Jian Fu [2021] No. 717) and People’s Bank of China (Yin Xu Zhun Yu Zi [2021] No. 19), the
               Company publicly issued the first tranche of 2022 special financial bonds for small and micro corporate
               loans of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. in the amount of RMB10 billion in the national inter-bank bond
               market. The tranche of bonds was matured and redeemed on February 25, 2025. On April 7, 2022,
               according to the approvals in the documents issued by the former CBIRC (Yin Bao Jian Fu [2021] No.
               717) and People’s Bank of China (Yin Xu Zhun Yu Zi [2021] No. 19), the Company publicly issued the
               second tranche of 2022 special financial bonds for small and micro corporate loans of China Zheshang
               Bank Co., Ltd. in the amount of RMB10 billion in the national inter-bank bond market. The tranche of
               bonds was matured and redeemed on April 11, 2025. These two tranches of bonds have the term of
               3 years and bear interest at fixed interest rate, and proceeds from the issue of the bonds will be used
               specially for extending small and micro corporate loans, increasing the support for credit availability to
               small and micro enterprises as well as boosting stable and healthy development of the businesses of
               small and micro enterprises pursuant to applicable laws and approval from regulatory authorities. The
               Company was awarded an entity credit rating of AAA by China Chengxin International Credit Rating Co.,
               Ltd. with a stable rating outlook, and the credit rating for these two tranches of financial bonds was AAA.

               On October 18, 2022, according to the approvals in the Affirmative Decision of Administrative License
               from People’s Bank of China issued by People’s Bank of China (Yin Xu Zhun Yu Jue Zi [2022] No.
               40), the Company publicly issued the third tranche of 2022 special financial bonds for small and micro
               corporate loans of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. in the amount of RMB10 billion in the national inter-
               bank bond market. This tranche of bonds has a term of 3 years for RMB5 billion and a term of 5 years for
               remaining RMB5 billion and bear interest at fixed interest rate, and proceeds from the issue of the bonds
               will be used specially for extending small and micro corporate loans and supporting the construction of
               Zhejiang Demonstration Zone for Common Prosperity. The Company was awarded an entity credit rating
               of AAA by China Chengxin International Credit Rating Co., Ltd. with a stable rating outlook, and the
               credit rating for this tranche of financial bonds was AAA.

               On April 24, 2023, according to the approvals in the Affirmative Decision of Administrative License from
               People’s Bank of China issued by People’s Bank of China (Yin Xu Zhun Yu Jue Zi [2023] No. 32), the
               Company publicly issued the first tranche of 2023 special financial bonds for small and micro corporate
               loans of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd in the amount of RMB10 billion in the national inter-bank bond
               market. This tranche of bonds has a term of 3 years and bears interest at fixed interest rate, and all
               proceeds from the issue of the bonds will be used specially for extending small and micro corporate
               loans, increasing the support for credit availability to small and micro enterprises as well as boosting
               stable and healthy development of the businesses of small and micro enterprises. The Company was
               awarded an entity credit rating of AAA by China Chengxin International Credit Rating Co., Ltd. with a
               stable rating outlook, and the credit rating for this tranche of financial bonds was AAA.
                                                                                         Annual Report 2025    117




                     Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders


On May 25, 2023, according to the Approvals by CBIRC on the Issuance of Capital Instruments by China
Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. issued by former CBIRC (Yin Bao Jian Fu [2023] No. 254) and the approvals in
the Affirmative Decision of Administrative License from People’s Bank of China issued by People’s Bank
of China (Yin Xu Zhun Yu Jue Zi [2023] No. 32), the Company publicly issued tier 2 capital bonds of 2023
China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. in an amount of RMB20 billion in the national inter-bank bond market.
This tranche of bonds has a term of 10 years and bears interest at fixed interest rate, with a conditional
issuer’s redemption right at the end of the 5th year, which entitles the issuer to redeem the bonds
partially or wholly at par subject to the approval of the relevant regulatory authorities. All proceeds from
the issue of the bonds will be used to replenish the tier 2 capital of the Company and optimize its capital
structure and promote the sound development of its business. The Company was awarded an entity
credit rating of AAA by China Chengxin International Credit Rating Co., Ltd. with a stable rating outlook,
and the credit rating for this tranche of tier 2 capital bonds was AAA.

On July 24, 2023, according to the approvals in the Affirmative Decision of Administrative License from
People’s Bank of China issued by People’s Bank of China (Yin Xu Zhun Yu Jue Zi [2023] No. 32), the
Company publicly issued the first tranche of 2023 financial bonds of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd in
the amount of RMB30 billion in the national inter-bank bond market. This tranche of bonds has a term of
3 years and bears interest at fixed interest rate, and all proceeds from the issue of the bonds will be used
to meet the needs of asset liability allocation, enrich funding sources, optimize debt maturity structure,
and promote stable business development. The Company was awarded an entity credit rating of AAA by
China Chengxin International Credit Rating Co., Ltd. with a stable rating outlook, and the credit rating for
this tranche of financial bonds was AAA.

On November 3, 2023, according to the approvals in the Affirmative Decision of Administrative License
from People’s Bank of China issued by People’s Bank of China (Yin Xu Zhun Yu Jue Zi [2023] No. 32),
the Company publicly issued the second tranche of 2023 special financial bonds for small and micro
corporate loans of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd in the amount of RMB15 billion in the national inter-
bank bond market. This tranche of bonds has a term of 3 years and bears interest at fixed interest
rate, and all proceeds from the issue of the bonds will be used specially for extending small and micro
corporate loans, increasing the support for credit availability to small and micro enterprises as well as
boosting stable and healthy development of the businesses of small and micro enterprises. The Company
was awarded an entity credit rating of AAA by China Chengxin International Credit Rating Co., Ltd. with a
stable rating outlook, and the credit rating for this tranche of financial bonds was AAA.

On November 23, 2023, according to the Approvals by CBIRC on the Issuance of Capital Instruments
by China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. issued by former CBIRC (Yin Bao Jian Fu [2023] No. 254) and the
approvals in the Affirmative Decision of Administrative License from People’s Bank of China issued by
People’s Bank of China (Yin Xu Zhun Yu Jue Zi [2023] No. 32), the Company publicly issued the second
tranche of tier 2 capital bonds of 2023 China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. in an amount of RMB10 billion in
the national inter-bank bond market. This tranche of bonds has a term of 10 years and bears interest at
fixed interest rate, with a conditional issuer’s redemption right at the end of the 5th year, which entitles
the issuer to redeem the bonds partially or wholly at par subject to the approval of the relevant regulatory
authorities. All proceeds from the issue of the bonds will be used to replenish the tier 2 capital of the
Company and optimize its capital structure and promote the sound development of its business. The
Company was awarded an entity credit rating of AAA by China Chengxin International Credit Rating Co.,
Ltd. with a stable rating outlook, and the credit rating for this tranche of tier 2 capital bonds was AAA.
118    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders


               On March 15, 2024, according to the Approval (Yin Xu Zhun Yu Jue Zi [2024] No. 6) of the People’s
               Bank of China, the Company issued RMB20 billion special financial bonds for small and micro enterprise
               loans (tranche I) of 2024 China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. in the national inter-bank bond market. Type
               1 of this issue has a term of 3 years and bears interest at fixed interest rate, and Type 2 of this issue
               has a term of 5 years and bears interest at fixed interest rate. All proceeds from the issue will be used
               to issue loans to small and micro enterprises in Zhejiang Province, supporting the full implementation of
               the primary strategy of “Deepening the Development in Zhejiang”. The Company was awarded an entity
               credit rating of AAA by China Chengxin International Credit Rating Co., Ltd. with a stable rating outlook,
               and the credit rating for this tranche of financial bonds was AAA.

               On April 17, 2024, according to the Approvals by CBIRC (Yin Bao Jian Fu [2023] No. 254) and by the
               People’s Bank of China (Yin Xu Zhun Yu Jue Zi [2024] No. 6), the Company issued RMB10 billion tier 2
               capital bonds of 2024 China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. in the national inter-bank bond market. The bonds
               have a term of 10 years and bears interest at fixed interest rate, and all proceeds from the issue will be
               used to replenish the tier 2 capital of the issuer and optimize its capital structure and promote the sound
               development of its business. After comprehensive evaluation by China Chengxin International Credit
               Rating Co., Ltd., the credit rating of this bond was AAA, with a stable rating outlook, and the credit rating
               of the Company’s entity credit was AAA.

               On May 15, 2024, according to the Approval (Yin Xu Zhun Yu Jue Zi [2024] No. 6) of the People’s
               Bank of China, the Company issued RMB20 billion special financial bonds of 2024 for small and micro
               enterprise loans (tranche II) of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. in the national inter-bank bond market.
               The tranche of this issue has a term of 3 years and bears interest at fixed interest rate. All proceeds from
               the issue will be used to issue loans to small and micro enterprises, supporting further the operating
               strategy of “laying assets with low sensitivity to economic cycle as a ballast stone for CZB”. The
               Company was awarded an entity credit rating of AAA by China Lianhe Credit Rating Co., Ltd. with a
               stable rating outlook, and the credit rating for this tranche of financial bonds was AAA.

               On September 5, 2024, according to the Approval (Yin Xu Zhun Yu Jue Zi [2024] No. 6) of the People’s
               Bank of China, the Company issued RMB13 billion financial bonds of 2024 China Zheshang Bank Co.,
               Ltd. in the national inter-bank bond market. The tranche of this issue has a term of 3 years and bears
               interest at fixed interest rate. All proceeds from the issue will be used to meet the needs of asset and
               liability allocation, to enrich the sources of capital, to optimize the maturity structure of liabilities, and to
               promote the stable development of our business. The Company was awarded an entity credit rating of
               AAA by China Lianhe Credit Rating Co., Ltd. with a stable rating outlook, and the credit rating for this
               tranche of financial bonds was AAA.

               On February 13, 2025, according to the Approval (Yin Xu Zhun Yu Jue Zi [2025] No. 5) of the People’s
               Bank of China, the Company issued the first tranche of 2025 financial bonds of China Zheshang Bank
               Co., Ltd. in the amount of RMB20 billion in the national inter-bank bond market. Type 1 of this issue
               has a term of 3 years and bears interest at fixed interest rate, and the Type 2 of this issue has a term
               of 5 years and bears interest at fixed interest rate. All proceeds from the issue will be used to meet the
               needs of asset liability allocation, enrich funding sources, optimize debt maturity structure, and promote
               stable business development pursuant to applicable laws and approval from competent authorities. After
               comprehensive evaluation by China Lianhe Credit Rating Co., Ltd., the credit rating of this bond was
               AAA, and the credit rating of the Company’s entity credit was AAA.
                                                                                                Annual Report 2025    119




                            Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders


       On April 3, 2025, according to the Approval (Yin Xu Zhun Yu Jue Zi [2025] No. 5) of the People’s Bank
       of China, the Company issued the first tranche of 2025 special financial bonds for small and micro
       corporate loans (Bond Connect) of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. in the amount of RMB20 billion in
       the national inter-bank bond market. The tranche of this issue has a term of 3 years and bears interest
       at fixed interest rate. All proceeds from the issue will be used specially for extending small and micro
       corporate loans, increasing the support for credit availability to small and micro enterprises as well as
       boosting stable and healthy development of the businesses of small and micro enterprises pursuant to
       applicable laws and approval from regulatory authorities. After comprehensive evaluation by China Lianhe
       Credit Rating Co., Ltd., the credit rating of this bond was AAA, and the credit rating of the Company’s
       entity credit was AAA.

       On May 8, 2025, according to the Approval (Yin Xu Zhun Yu Jue Zi [2025] No. 5) of the People’s Bank
       of China, the Company issued the first tranche of 2025 green financial bonds (Bond Connect) of China
       Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. in the amount of RMB5 billion in the national inter-bank bond market. The
       tranche of this issue has a term of 3 years and bears interest at fixed interest rate. All proceeds from the
       issue will be used in the green industrial projects stipulated by Green Bond Endorsed Project Catalogue
       (2021 Edition) pursuant to applicable laws and approval from regulatory authorities. After comprehensive
       evaluation by China Lianhe Credit Rating Co., Ltd., the credit rating of this bond was AAA, and the credit
       rating of the Company’s entity credit was AAA.

       On May 19, 2025, according to the Approval (Yin Xu Zhun Yu Jue Zi [2025] No. 5) of the People’s
       Bank of China, the Company issued the first tranche of 2025 sci-tech innovation financial bonds (Bond
       Connect) of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. in the amount of RMB5 billion in the national inter-bank
       bond market. The tranche of this issue has a term of 3 years and bears interest at fixed interest rate.
       All proceeds from the issue will be used to issue loans to science and technology innovation fields,
       supporting the development of science and technology innovation businesses pursuant to applicable
       laws and approval from regulatory authorities. After comprehensive evaluation by China Lianhe Credit
       Rating Co., Ltd., the credit rating of this bond was AAA, and the credit rating of the Company’s entity
       credit was AAA.

(X)    Information about Offshore Preference Shares
       As of the end of the reporting period, the Company had no surviving preference shares.

(XI)   Information about Undated Capital Bond
       As considered and approved at the sixth extraordinary meeting of the fifth session of the Board of the
       Company in 2020 and the Company’s 2021 first extraordinary general meeting and with the approval
       from the former CBIRC and the People’s Bank of China, the Company successfully issued undated
       capital bonds with a total issue amount of RMB25.0 billion on November 25, 2021 in China’s national
       inter-bank bond market. The coupon rate is 3.85% during the first five years and will be adjusted every
       five years. The Company shall be entitled to redeem the bonds, in total or in partial, on every distribution
       payment date since the fifth distribution payment date (inclusive). All the proceeds will be used to
       replenish the Company’s additional tier 1 capital.
120    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Information on Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management,
      Employees and Institutions

      (I)      Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management
      1.       Basic information of Directors, Supervisors and senior management as at the end
               of the reporting period
                                                                                                                                              Pre-tax
                                                                                                                                       remuneration        Whether
                                                                                                           Number of                  received from       receiving
                                                                                                          shares held    Number of     the Company remuneration
                                                                                                               at the shares held              during from related
                                                                                                         beginning of at the end of     the reporting     parties of
               Name            Position                   Gender Date of birth Term of office              the period    the period            period the Company
                                                                                                             (shares)      (shares)       (RMB’0000)

               Chen Haiqiang   Chairman, Executive        Male     1974.10      2026.02-2027.08              754,000       918,200            87.17              No
                                 Director, former                                 (Chairman)
                                 President, former Vice                         2021.11-2027.08
                                 President                                        (Executive Director)
                                                                                2025.07-2025.12
                                                                                  (President)
                                                                                2020.07-2025.07
                                                                                  (Vice President)
               Ma Hong         Executive Director         Female   1972.04      2021.11-2027.08               83,070       180,970            81.67              No
               Hou Xingchuan   Non-executive Director     Male     1976.07      2022.01-2027.08                    0             0                –             Yes
               Ren Zhixiang    Non-executive Director     Male     1969.02      2020.11-2027.08                    0             0                –             Yes
               Hu Tiangao      Non-executive Director     Male     1965.09      2004.07-2027.08                    0             0                –             Yes
               Ying Yuxiang    Non-executive Director     Male     1988.01      2024.05-2027.08                    0             0                –             Yes
               Wang Wei        Independent                Male     1967.08      2020.11-2027.08                    0             0            36.67              No
                                 Non-executive Director
               Xu Yongbin      Independent                Male     1962.12      2022.02-2027.08                    0             0            38.33              No
                                 Non-executive Director
               Fu Tingmei      Independent                Male     1966.05      2023.05-2027.08                    0             0            36.00              No
                                 Non-executive Director
               Shi Hao         Independent                Male     1964.02      2024.12-2027.08                    0             0            36.67              No
                                 Non-executive Director
               Lou Weizhong    Independent                Male     1962.07      2025.01-2027.08                    0             0            35.00              No
                                 Non-executive Director
               Wu Fanghua      Employee Supervisor        Male     1972.08      2023.01-2027.08               52,000       116,900                –              No
               Peng Zhiyuan    Employee Supervisor        Male     1976.01      2023.01-2027.08                    0             0                –              No
               Du Quan         Employee Supervisor        Male     1970.10      2024.06-2027.08                    0        66,200                –              No
               Chen Zhong      Employee Supervisor        Female   1974.07      2024.06-2027.08              126,900       126,900                –              No
               Ma Xiaofeng     Shareholder Supervisor     Male     1977.09      2023.12-2027.08                    0             0                –             Yes
               Wang Junbo      Shareholder Supervisor     Male     1978.09      2024.06-2027.08                    0             0                –             Yes
               Zhang Fanquan   External Supervisor        Male     1960.08      2021.07-2027.08                    0             0            32.00              No
               Wang Congcong   External Supervisor        Male     1980.01      2024.08-2027.08                    0             0            31.33              No
               Chen Sanlian    External Supervisor        Male     1964.11      2021.07-2027.08                    0             0            30.00              No
               Lyu Linhua      President (Acting),        Male     1978.05      2025.12-2026.04                    0             0                –              No
                                 Executive Director,                              (President (Acting))
                                 President and Chief                            2026.04-2027.08
                                 Compliance Officer                               (Executive Director,
                                                                                  President and
                                                                                  Chief Compliance
                                                                                  Officer)
               Jing Feng       Vice President             Male     1979.12      2021.12-2027.08              744,900       909,000            81.75              No
                                                                                                                            Annual Report 2025          121




               Information on Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management,
                                              Employees and Institutions

                                                                                                                               Pre-tax
                                                                                                                        remuneration        Whether
                                                                                            Number of                  received from       receiving
                                                                                           shares held    Number of     the Company remuneration
                                                                                                at the shares held              during from related
                                                                                          beginning of at the end of     the reporting     parties of
Name             Position                   Gender Date of birth Term of office             the period    the period            period the Company
                                                                                              (shares)      (shares)       (RMB’0000)

Luo Feng         Vice President, Secretary Male     1979.09       2021.12-2027.08             743,990       909,290            81.75              No
                   to the Board of                                  (Vice President)
                   Directors                                      2024.06-2027.08
                                                                    (Secretary to the
                                                                    Board of Directors)
Zhou Weixin      Assistant to the President Male    1971.06       2023.09-2027.08                   0       165,400            81.75              No
Pan Huafeng      Assistant to the President, Male   1972.01       2024.03-2027.08                   0       170,000            81.75              No
                   Chief Risk Officer
Lu Jianqiang     Former Chairman,            Male   1965.04       2023.08-2025.07                   0             0            50.81              No
                   Executive Director
Wang Guocai      Former Independent          Male   1956.11       2018.10-2025.02                   0             0             6.33              No
                   Non-executive Director
Guo Dingfang     Former Chairman of the Male        1969.10       2021.07-2025.12                   0       100,000            81.67              No
                   Supervisory Committee,
                   Employee Supervisor
Gao Qiang        Former External             Male   1960.09       2022.06-2025.06                   0             0            10.67              No
                   Supervisor
Lin Jingran      Former Vice President       Male   1974.06       2023.11-2025.12             234,000       397,000            85.17              No
Wang Chaoming    Former Assistant to the Male       1970.10       2024.08-2025.12                   0       165,000            81.75              No
                   President, Former Chief                          (Assistant to the
                   Information Officer                              President)
                                                                  2024.08-2025.03
                                                                    (Chief Information
                                                                    Officer)
Hou Bo           Former Assistant to the    Male    1980.02       2024.08-2025.12             110,000       273,400            81.75              No
                   President

Notes:

(1)      The current nominations of Shareholder Directors for the seventh session of the Board of Directors of the
         Company are as follows: Director Hou Xingchuan is nominated by the shareholder Zhejiang Provincial Innovation
         Investment Group Co., Ltd.; Director Ren Zhixiang is nominated by the shareholders Zhejiang Provincial Energy
         Group Co., Ltd., Zhejiang Energy Capital Investment (Hong Kong) Limited, and Zhejiang Energy International
         Co., Ltd.; Director Hu Tiangao is nominated by the shareholder Hengdian Group Holdings Limited; Director Ying
         Yuxiang is nominated by the shareholder Taiping Life Insurance Co., Ltd.

(2)      The current nominations of Shareholder Supervisors for the seventh session of the Supervisory Committee of the
         Company are as follows: Supervisor Wang Junbo is nominated by the shareholder Xintai Life Insurance Co., Ltd.;
         Supervisor Ma Xiaofeng is nominated by the shareholders Zhejiang China Light & Textile Industrial City Group
         Co., Ltd. and Shaoxing City Keqiao District Development and Operation Group Co., Ltd.
122    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Information on Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management,
      Employees and Institutions

               (3)   On December 31, 2025, the seventh meeting of the seventh session of the Board of Directors of the Company
                     agreed to appoint Mr. Lyu Linhua as the President of the Company. Prior to the approval of his eligibility, Mr.
                     Lyu Linhua will serve as an acting president of the Bank. The meeting agreed to appoint Mr. Zhou Weixin and
                     Mr. Pan Huafeng as the Vice Presidents of the Company. The eligibilities of the Vice Presidents are subject to
                     the approval of the National Financial Regulatory Administration. On January 25, 2026, the First Extraordinary
                     General Meeting of the Company for 2026 elected Mr. Lyu Linhua as a Director of the Seventh Session of the
                     Board of Directors of the Company, and his qualification is subject to the ratification of his eligibility by the
                     National Financial Regulatory Administration. On February 27, 2026, at the first extraordinary meeting of the
                     seventh session of the Board of the Company in 2026, it was agreed to appoint Mr. Lyu Linhua as the Chief
                     Compliance Officer of the Company, which will be effective from the approval of his qualification to serve as the
                     President by the National Financial Regulatory Administration. On April 10, 2026, Mr. Lyu Linhua’s qualification
                     as a Director and the president had been approved by the National Financial Regulatory Administration.

               (4)   The commencement date of the term of office for Directors and Senior Management shall be subject to
                     the approval time of regulatory qualifications, and the term of office for Directors, Supervisors and Senior
                     Management upon re-election shall be calculated from the date of initial appointment.

               (5)   The total pre-tax remuneration of some Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management performing their duties in
                     the Company is still in the process of confirmation, and the rest will be disclosed separately after the distribution
                     is confirmed.

               (6)   Employee Supervisors of the Company receive remuneration from their respective posts as employees, but do
                     not receive remuneration as Employee Supervisors.

               (7)   Mr. Hou Bo holds 273,400 shares of the Company, including 163,400 A shares and 110,000 H shares; Ms.
                     Chen Zhong holds 126,900 shares of the Company, including 16,900 A shares and 110,000 H shares; other
                     than that, all the shares held by the remaining personnel are A shares.

      2.       Changes of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management
               Directors
               On January 17, 2025, the qualification of Mr. Lou Weizhong to serve as an Independent Non-executive
               Director of the Company was approved by the National Financial Regulatory Administration, and he
               officially assumed office.

               On February 24, 2025, Mr. Wang Guocai ceased to serve as an Independent Non-executive Director of
               the Company and hold positions in the special committees under the Board of Directors. On September
               24, 2024, Mr. Wang Guocai resigned from his position as an Independent Non-executive Director of the
               Company and from his positions in the special committees under the Board of Directors due to reaching
               the maximum term of his consecutive tenure as independent non-executive director, but continued
               to perform his duties until the newly appointed independent directors obtained their qualifications.
               As at February 24, 2025, the qualifications of Mr. Shi Hao and Mr. Lou Weizhong as independent
               non-executive directors had both been approved by the National Financial Regulatory Administration, and
               all Directors by way of written resolutions to elect the members of the special committees of the Seventh
               Session of the Board of Directors. Mr. Wang Guocai ceased to serve as an Independent Non-executive
               Director of the Company and hold positions in the special committees under the Board of Directors with
               effect from February 24, 2025.

               On July 9, 2025, Mr. Lu Jianqiang resigned from his positions as Chairman, Executive Director, Chairman
               of the Strategic and Sustainable Development Committee of the Board of Directors, and ceased to be
               an Authorized Representative of the Company under Rule 3.05 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules due to
               reaching the retirement age. All Directors by way of written resolutions on July 9, 2025, and unanimously
               agreed that Mr. Chen Haiqiang, Executive Director and President of the Company, would act as the
               acting Chairman until a new Chairman is elected and his qualification is approved by the National
               Financial Regulatory Administration.
                                                                                            Annual Report 2025    123




        Information on Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management,
                                       Employees and Institutions

On August 28, 2025, Mr. Ni Defeng and Ms. Jin Guorui resigned from their positions as non-executive
Directors of the Seventh Session of the Board of Directors of the Company due to work arrangements.
As of the date of resignation, Mr. Ni Defeng and Ms. Jin Guorui had not yet obtained approval from the
the regulatory authorities for their qualifications to serve as Directors, and had not officially assumed their
duties.

On September 25, 2025, the First Extraordinary General Meeting of the Company for 2025 elected
Mr. Zheng Xingang as a Director of the Seventh Session of the Board of Directors of the Company,
and his qualification is subject to the ratification of his eligibility by the National Financial Regulatory
Administration.

On September 25, 2025, the First Extraordinary General Meeting of the Company for 2025 elected
Mr. Yang Zhaohui as a Director of the Seventh Session of the Board of Directors of the Company,
and his qualification is subject to the ratification of his eligibility by the National Financial Regulatory
Administration.

On December 5, 2025, the Eighth Extraordinary Meeting of the Seventh Session of the Board of
Directors of the Company for 2025 elected Mr. Chen Haiqiang as the Chairman of the Seventh Session
of the Board of Directors of the Company, and his qualification was approved by the National Financial
Regulatory Administration on February 13, 2026.

On January 25, 2026, the First Extraordinary General Meeting of the Company for 2026 elected Mr.
Lyu Linhua as a Director of the Seventh Session of the Board of Directors of the Company, and his
qualification has been approved by the National Financial Regulatory Administration on April 10, 2026.

Supervisors
On May 7, 2025, it was considered at the eleventh meeting of the Seventh Session of the Supervisory
Committee of the Company to remove Mr. Gao Qiang from his duties as an External Supervisor of the
Seventh Session of the Supervisory Committee and Chairman of the Nomination Committee of the
Company. On June 13, 2025, the 2024 Annual General Meeting of the Company considered to remove
Mr. Gao Qiang from his duty as an External Supervisor of the Seventh Session of the Supervisory
Committee of the Company.

On May 7, 2025, the eleventh meeting of the Seventh Session of the Supervisory Committee of the
Company considered and elected the External Supervisor Mr. Wang Congcong as the Chairman of the
Nomination Committee of the Seventh Session of the Supervisory Committee of the Company.

On December 24, 2025, due to work adjustments, Mr. Guo Dingfang resigned from his positions as
Chairman of the Seventh Session of the Supervisory Committee, Employee Supervisor, and Member of
the Nomination Committee of the Supervisory Committee of the Company.
124    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Information on Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management,
      Employees and Institutions

               Senior Management
               On March 12, 2025, Mr. Wang Chaoming resigned from his position as Chief Information Officer of the
               Company due to an adjustment of work assignments.

               On April 10, 2025, the Second Extraordinary Meeting of the Seventh Session of the Board of Directors of
               the Company for 2025 agreed to appoint Mr. Chen Haiqiang as the President of the Company. Prior to
               the approval of his eligibility to be the President, Mr. Chen Haiqiang will serve as an acting President and
               Mr. Lu Jianqiang, the Chairman, has ceased to be an acting President. On July 7, 2025, the qualification
               of Mr. Chen Haiqiang to serve as the President of the Company was approved by the National Financial
               Regulatory Administration.

               On December 31, 2025, the seventh meeting of the Seventh Session of the Board of Directors of the
               Company agreed to appoint Mr. Lyu Linhua as the President of the Company. Prior to the approval of
               his qualification, Mr. Lyu Linhua acts as the President. The meeting agreed to appoint Mr. Zhou Weixin
               and Mr. Pan Huafeng as Vice Presidents of the Company, and their qualifications as Vice Presidents
               are subject to the ratification of their eligibilities by the National Financial Regulatory Administration. On
               February 27, 2026, at the first extraordinary meeting of the seventh session of the Board of the Company
               in 2026, it was agreed to appoint Mr. Lyu Linhua as the Chief Compliance Officer of the Company, which
               will be effective from the approval of his qualification to serve as the President by the National Financial
               Regulatory Administration. On April 10, 2026, Mr. Lyu Linhua’s qualification as the President had been
               approved by the National Financial Regulatory Administration.

               On December 31, 2025, due to work arrangements, Mr. Chen Haiqiang ceased to serve as the President
               of the Company, but continued to serve as the Secretary of the Party Committee and Executive Director
               of the Company, and acted as the Chairman, Chairman of the Strategic and Sustainable Development
               Committee of the Board of Directors, and Legal Representative (his qualification to serve as the Chairman
               was approved by the NFRA on February 13, 2026). Mr. Lin Jingran resigned from his position as Vice
               President of the Company due to a job transfer, and Mr. Wang Chaoming and Mr. Hou Bo resigned from
               their positions as Assistant to President of the Company due to job transfers.

      3.       Posts held by incumbent Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management in
               shareholders and those resigned during the reporting period
               Name of                                                     Position held in shareholder        Start date of    End date of
               personnel       Name of shareholder entity                  entity                              term             term


               Hou Xingchuan   Zhejiang Provincial Innovation Investment   Member of the Party Committee,      January 2021     To date
                                  Group Co., Ltd.                             Deputy General Manager
               Hu Tiangao      Hengdian Group Holdings Limited             Director, Senior Vice President     September 1995   To date
               Ma Xiaofeng     Zhejiang China Light & Textile Industrial   Member of the Party Committee,      May 2021         To date
                                  City Group Co., Ltd.                        Deputy General Manager
               Wang Junbo      Xintai Life Insurance Co., Ltd.             Deputy Secretary of the Party       December 2023    To date
                                                                              Committee, Deputy General
                                                                              Manager, Financial Controller,
                                                                              Executive Director
                                                                                                               Annual Report 2025   125




               Information on Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management,
                                              Employees and Institutions

4.   Posts held by incumbent Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management in other
     companies and those resigned during the reporting period
                                                                   Position in                Date of             Date of
     Name           Name of other companies                        other companies            appointment         termination


     Ren Zhixiang   Zhejiang Energy Capital Holdings Co. Ltd.      General Manager            October 2019        To date
     Ren Zhixiang   Zhejiang Energy Capital Holdings Co. Ltd.      Director                   June 2020           August 2025
     Ren Zhixiang   Zhejiang Fuzhe Investment Co., Ltd.            Director                   April 2020          January 2025
     Ren Zhixiang   Zheshang Property and Casualty Insurance       Vice Chairman              January 2021        To date
                       Company Limited
     Ren Zhixiang   Orient Securities Co., Ltd.                    Director                   March 2021          To date
     Ren Zhixiang   Zhejiang Zheneng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.   Chairman                   January 2025        To date
     Ren Zhixiang   Shanghai Puneng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.    Chairman                   January 2025        To date
     Hu Tiangao     Hengdian Group DMEGC Magnetics Co., Ltd.       Director                   March 2008          To date
     Hu Tiangao     Apeloa Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                Director                   May 2008            To date
     Hu Tiangao     Innuovo Technology Co., Ltd.                   Director                   April 2011          To date
     Hu Tiangao     Hengdian Group Tospo Lighting Co., Ltd.        Director                   January 2013        To date
     Hu Tiangao     Hengdian Entertainment Co., Ltd.               Director                   June 2015           To date
     Hu Tiangao     Nanhua Futures Co., Ltd.                       Director                   April 2021          To date
     Hu Tiangao     Zhejiang Xinna Material Technology Co., Ltd.   Director                   August 2019         To date
     Ying Yuxiang   Taiping Asset Management Co., Ltd.             Deputy General Manager     February 2024       To date
                                                                      of the Department (in
                                                                      charge of work)
     Ying Yuxiang   Inner Mongolia Dian Tou Energy Corp Ltd        Director                   April 2023          To date
     Wang Wei       Zhejiang University                            Professor                  August 1990         To date
     Wang Wei       Financial Institute of Zhejiang Province       Dean                       September 2017      To date
     Wang Wei       Zhejiang Financial Association                 Executive Vice President   June 2013           To date
126    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Information on Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management,
      Employees and Institutions

                                                                              Position in                Date of         Date of
               Name            Name of other companies                        other companies            appointment     termination

               Wang Wei        Betta Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                 Independent Director       November 2019   December 2025
               Wang Wei        Sunwave Communications Co., Ltd.               Independent Director       January 2020    December 2025
               Wang Wei        Zhejiang E-Commerce Bank Co., Ltd.             Independent Director       April 2019      January 2026
               Wang Wei        Wanxiang Trust Co., Ltd.                       Independent Director       April 2017      March 2025
               Xu Yongbin      Zhejiang Province Management Postgraduate      Convener                   October 2019    To date
                                  Degree Teaching Committee
               Xu Yongbin      Zhejiang Association of CFO                    Vice Chairman              May 2019        To date
               Xu Yongbin      Zheshang Development Group Co., Ltd.           Independent Director       August 2019     October 2025
               Xu Yongbin      Hangzhou Steam Turbine Power Group Co., Ltd. Independent Director         August 2022     December 2025
               Xu Yongbin      Hangzhou United Rural Commercial Bank Co., Independent Director           October 2018    October 2025
                                  Ltd.
               Fu Tingmei      Guotai Junan International Holdings Limited    Independent Director       June 2010       To date
               Fu Tingmei      COFCO Joycome Foods Limited                    Independent Director       May 2016        To date
               Fu Tingmei      China Resources Pharmaceutical Group Limited Independent Director         June 2016       To date
               Fu Tingmei      China Resources Medical Holdings Company       Independent Director       February 2023   To date
                                  Limited
               Shi Hao         Jinke Property Group Co., Ltd.                 Non-independent Director   October 2025    To date
               Ma Xiaofeng     Shaoxing China Textile City Financial Holdings Manager, Executive         October 2018    To date
                                  Co. Ltd.                                       Director
               Chen Sanlian    Zhejiang Jinggong Science & Technology Co.,    Independent Director       August 2021     To date
                                  Ltd.
               Chen Sanlian    Wuchan Zhongda Group Co., Ltd.                 Independent Director       May 2022        To date
               Wang Congcong   Zhejiang Mintai Commercial Bank Co. Ltd.       Independent Director       December 2023   To date
               Wang Congcong   Yuyao Rural Commercial Bank                    Independent Director       March 2025      To date
                                                                                             Annual Report 2025    127




             Information on Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management,
                                            Employees and Institutions

5.   Profile of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management and information of their
     positions and concurrent appointments as at the end of the reporting period
     Directors
     Chen Haiqiang
     Chen Haiqiang is currently the Secretary of the Party Committee, Chairman of the Board of Directors,
     and executive Director of the Company. He holds a master degree and is a chief senior economist.
     Mr. Chen worked as deputy principal staff member at Hangzhou Branch, China Development Bank;
     President of Ningbo Beilun Sub-branch, member of the Party Committee, assistant to President, and Vice
     President of Ningbo Branch, China Merchants Bank; secretary of the Party Committee and President of
     Ningbo Branch, China Zheshang Bank, secretary of the Party Committee and President of Hangzhou
     Branch, the assistant to President of China Zheshang Bank, member of the Party Committee, Vice
     President, and CRO of China Zheshang Bank, deputy secretary of the Party Committee and President of
     China Zheshang Bank. Currently, he also serves as the executive Vice President of Zhejiang Chamber of
     International Commerce.

     Ma Hong
     Ma Hong is currently the deputy secretary of the Party Committee, executive Director, Chairman of the
     Labor Union and the secretary of the Party Committee of the Intra-organizational Department of the
     Company. She holds a master degree and is a senior economist. Ms. Ma Hong was deputy chief of
     the hygiene section of the logistics department of the Qingdao Garrison; deputy Director and Director
     of the hygiene section of the logistics department of Zhejiang Army Reserve Infantry Division; associate
     consultant of the General Office of Cadres of the Organization Department of the Zhejiang Provincial
     Committee; associate consultant, deputy division chief, consultant and division chief of the Civil Servant
     Management Office of the Organization Department of the Zhejiang Provincial Committee; and division
     chief and primary consultant of the First-division of Civil Servant of the Organization Department of the
     Zhejiang Provincial Committee.

     Hou Xingchuan
     Hou Xingchuan is currently a Non-executive Director of the Company. He holds a master degree and is
     an economist. Mr. Hou used to serve as a cadre of the Information Center, associate chief officer of the
     Planning and Finance Division and chief officer of the Planning and Finance Division of Zhejiang Provincial
     Tax Service; the deputy Director general (temporary position) of Jinhua Municipal Taxation Bureau,
     Jiangbei Branch; chief officer of the Office, deputy Director general of the Planning and Finance Division
     and deputy Director of the Office of Zhejiang Provincial Tax Service; member of the Party Committee
     and Deputy General Manager (temporary position) of Zhejiang Development Asset Operations Co., Ltd.;
     Level 6 management post of Zhejiang Financial Development Co., Ltd.; General Manager of the Strategic
     Development, member of the Party Committee and Deputy General Manager of Zhejiang Provincial
     Financial Holdings Co., Ltd. He is currently a member of the Party Committee and Deputy General
     Manager of Zhejiang Innovation Investment Group Co., Ltd.
128    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Information on Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management,
      Employees and Institutions

              Ren Zhixiang
              Ren Zhixiang is currently a Non-executive Director of the Company. He holds a Doctoral degree
              and is a chief senior economist. Mr. Ren worked as the Deputy General Manager of Investment
              Banking Department of Zhejiang International Trust and Investment Co., Ltd., senior Director of Asset
              Management Department and chief economist, deputy Director and Director of Strategic Management
              and Legal Department of Zhejiang Provincial Energy Group Co., Ltd. He currently serves as deputy
              secretary of the Party Committee and General Manager of Zhejiang Energy Capital Holdings Co., Ltd.,
              secretary of the Party Branch and Chairman of Zhejiang Zheneng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd., secretary
              of the Party Branch and Chairman of Shanghai Puneng Financial Leasing Co., Ltd., concurrently serves
              as the Vice Chairman of Zheshang Property and Casualty Insurance Company Limited, and a Director of
              Orient Securities Co., Ltd.

              Hu Tiangao
              Hu Tiangao is currently a Non-executive Director of the Company. He holds an EMBA degree. Mr. Hu
              served as Vice President of Dongyang Sub-branch, Bank of China. He is currently a Director and senior
              Vice President of Hengdian Group Holdings Limited; Director of Hengdian Group DMEGC Magnetics Co.,
              Ltd., Apeloa Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., Innuovo Technology Co., Ltd., Hengdian Group Tospo Lighting
              Co., Ltd., Hengdian Entertainment Co., Ltd., Nanhua Futures Co., Ltd. and Zhejiang Xinna Material
              Technology Co., Ltd.

              Ying Yuxiang
              Ying Yuxiang is currently a Non-executive Director of the Company. He holds a master degree and is
              an economist. Mr. Ying served as an officer of the internet finance department and the retail finance
              department of the head office, the deputy manager of the retail finance department of Huangpu
              Sub-branch, the account manager and the deputy manager of the business hall of the business
              department of the head office, and the deputy manager and manager of the financial division II of
              Changning Sub-branch of the Shanghai Rural Commercial Bank; the assistant general manager and
              the deputy general manager of the equity investment division of Taiping Asset Management Company
              Limited. He is currently the deputy general manager (in charge of work) of the equity investment division
              of Taiping Asset Management Company Limited, and a non-executive director of Inner Mongolia Dian
              Tou Energy Corp Ltd.

              Wang Wei
              Wang Wei is currently an Independent Non-executive Director of the Company. He holds a doctoral
              degree and is a professor and doctoral supervisor. Mr. Wang has been teaching at School of Economics,
              Zhejiang University for a long time up to now, being a lecturer, associate professor, professor
              successively. He served as the deputy dean and deputy Director of the Academic Committee of School
              of Economics, Zhejiang University and the executive dean of Institute of Finance, Zhejiang University. He
              currently serves as a professor of School of Economics, Zhejiang University, the chief expert of Institute
              of Finance, Zhejiang University, the executive Vice President of Zhejiang Financial Association, and the
              Dean of Financial Institute of Zhejiang Province.
                                                                                     Annual Report 2025   129




        Information on Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management,
                                       Employees and Institutions

Xu Yongbin
Xu Yongbin is currently an Independent Non-executive Director of the Company. He holds a doctor
degree and is a Level-2 professor and doctoral instructor. Mr. Xu has been teaching at the Zhejiang
Gongshang University for a long time up to now; served as a lecturer, associate professor, professor
and deputy dean of the Accounting Department of Hangzhou Business College; professor and dean
of the Accounting College of Zhejiang Gongshang University; Vice President of the Accounting Society
of Zhejiang Province and Vice President of the Auditing Society of Zhejiang Province. He is currently
the Vice President of Zhejiang Association of CFO and the convener of Zhejiang Province Management
Postgraduate Degree Teaching Committee.

Fu Tingmei
Fu Tingmei is currently an Independent Non-executive Director of the Company. He holds a doctor
degree. Mr. Fu has previously served as the Vice President and deputy managing Director of Peregrine
Capital (China) Limited, Hong Kong Branch; a Director of Peregrine Capital Limited; the deputy managing
Director and the managing Director of BNP Paribas Peregrine Capital Limited, Hong Kong Branch; he
currently serves as an Independent Director of Guotai Junan International Holdings Limited, COFCO
Joycome Foods Limited, China Resources Pharmaceutical Group Limited and China Resources Medical
Holdings Company Limited.

Shi Hao
Shi Hao is currently an Independent Non-executive Director of the Company. He holds a master degree.
Mr. Shi was the head of SWIFT (International Settlement Network) Team of Bank of China; director of
IBM Consulting Team of Bank of Montreal; management consultant of Wachovia; operation director
of retail banking product of Minsheng Bank; managing director of Barclays Capital (Hong Kong);
independent director of Guodian Nanjing Automation Co., Ltd.; deputy general manager of Investment
Banking Department and chief representative of Canada Representative Office of Agricultural Bank of
China; managing director and general manager of China of Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. (China). He is
currently a non-independent director of Jinke Property Group Co., Ltd.

Lou Weizhong
Lou Weizhong is currently an Independent Non-executive Director of the Company. He holds a master
degree and is a chief senior economist. Mr. Lou once served as the Deputy Director of the Industrial
Statistics Department of the Xiaoshan Municipal Bureau of Statistics; Chief of the Comprehensive
Department of the Office of the People’s Government of Xiaoshan City; Deputy Secretary of the
Party Group (in charge of work) and President of the Xiaoshan Sub-branch of CITIC Industrial Bank
Hangzhou Branch; Member of the Party Committee and the Assistant to President of CITIC Industrial
Bank Hangzhou Branch, as well as the President of Xiaoshan Branch; Member of the Party Committee,
Secretary of the Discipline Inspection Commission, and Vice President of CITIC Industrial Bank Hangzhou
Branch (studied Political Economy at the Zhejiang Provincial Party School from September 2002 to July
2005); Member of the Party Committee, Vice President, and Risk Director of CITIC Bank Hangzhou
Branch; Deputy Secretary of the Party Committee, Executive Vice President, and Risk Director of CITIC
Bank Hangzhou Branch; Deputy Secretary of the Party Committee and Vice President of CITIC Bank
Ningbo Branch (in charge of work); Secretary of the Party Committee and President of China CITIC Bank
Ningbo Branch; Secretary of the Party Committee and President of CITIC Bank Hangzhou Branch, and
Chief Specialist of CITIC Bank.
130    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Information on Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management,
      Employees and Institutions

               Supervisors
              Wu Fanghua
              Wu Fanghua serves as an employee supervisor of the Company. Mr. Wu holds a master degree and is
              a senior economist. Mr. Wu is currently the executive office director of the Supervisory Committee and
              member of the Disciplinary Committee of the Head Office of the Company. Mr. Wu has previously served
              as a loan officer of Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, Shaoxing Branch; the deputy manager of
              the personnel and administration department, the manager of the business department and the manager
              of the marketing department of Shaoxing Central Sub-branch, a General Manager assistant of Huzhou
              Central Sub-branch, the Deputy General Manager of Xiaoshan Sub-branch, the General Manager of
              Huzhou Central Sub-branch, the General Manager of Shaoxing Central Sub-branch and the Deputy
              General Manager of Zhejiang Branch of Ping An Property & Casualty Insurance Company of China; as well
              as the Deputy General Manager of Ping An Annuity Insurance Company of China, Ltd., Zhejiang Branch.
              Mr. Wu successively served as the Deputy General Manager of the Asset Management Department, the
              Deputy General Manager (headquarters) of the Interbank Business Department, the General Manager of
              the Interbank Business Department, the Deputy General Manager of the Financial Institutions Department
              (in charge of work) and the General Manager of the Interbank Business Department of China Zheshang
              Bank, and the secretary of the Party Committee and the President of Lanzhou Branch of China Zheshang
              Bank.

              Peng Zhiyuan
              Peng Zhiyuan is currently an employee supervisor of the Company. He holds a master degree and is an
              intermediate accountant. He is currently the General Manager of the International Business Development
              Center (Belt and Road Comprehensive Financial Services Center) of the Company, and a director of
              CZB Wealth Management. He once served as an accountant of the fund organization department of
              the business department of Yingtan Branch, a clerk and deputy chief clerk of the financial accounting
              department, the chief of the financial infrastructure section of Jiangxi Branch, a member of the Party
              Committee and Vice President of Ganzhou Branch, the Deputy General Manager (in charge of work) and
              General Manager of the financial accounting department of Jiangxi Branch, the secretary of the Party
              Committee and President of Ganzhou Branch, a member of Party committee and Vice President of Dalian
              Branch of the Agricultural Bank of China. He successively served as the General Manager of Nanchang
              business department, the secretary of Party committee and President of Nanchang Branch of China
              Zheshang Bank, the General Manager of the Planning and Finance Department and the General Manager
              of the Asset and Liability Management Department, the General Manager of the Planning and Finance
              Department and a member of the Party Committee of the headquarters of China Zheshang Bank.

              Du Quan
              Du Quan, is currently an employee supervisor of the Company. He holds a master degree and is a chief
              senior economist. He is currently the secretary of the Party Committee, President and compliance officer
              of the Company’s Nanjing Branch. He served as an employee in the Planning and Credit Department
              and Comprehensive Planning Department of CITIC Bank Hangzhou Branch; the head of the Credit
              Assessment Office under Business Development Department of CITIC Bank Hangzhou Branch; the
              deputy manager of the Credit Assessment and Management Department of CITIC Bank Hangzhou
              Branch; the deputy manager of Business Department II under the Business Department of CITIC Bank
              Hangzhou Branch; the assistant general manager of Corporate Business Management Department
              of CITIC Bank Hangzhou Branch; the deputy general manager of the Credit Assessment Department
              and general manager of Risk Management Department of CITIC Bank Hangzhou Branch; the general
              manager of International Business Department of CITIC Bank Hangzhou Branch; the general manager
                                                                                     Annual Report 2025   131




        Information on Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management,
                                       Employees and Institutions

of Risk Management Department and deputy director of the Credit Assessment Committee of CITIC
Bank Hangzhou Branch. He successively served as the deputy general manager of Risk Management
Department (Compliance Department) and manager of the Risk Policy Centre (risk monitoring officers
contact center) of China Zheshang Bank; a member of the Party Committee, the secretary of the
Discipline Inspection Commission, a risk monitoring officer and vice president of the Shenzhen Branch
of China Zheshang Bank; a member of the Party Committee, the secretary of the Discipline Inspection
Commission, a risk monitoring officer, vice president and general manager of Credit Assessment
Department of the Shenzhen Branch of China Zheshang Bank, the general manager of Development and
Planning Department of China Zheshang Bank and the General Manager of Internal Control Compliance
and Legal Department and member of the Party Committee of the Head Office.

Chen Zhong
Chen Zhong is currently an employee supervisor of the Company. She is an assistant economist with a
bachelor degree. She is currently the Deputy Secretary of the Party Committee and vice president of the
Company’s Shanghai Branch. She served as an employee of Lanzhou Yantan Industrial City Industrial
Co, Ltd.; an officer of the People’s Bank of China Huining County Branch, Supervisory Division I of
Baiyin sub-division of the CBRC and State-owned Bank Supervision Department II in the CBRC Gansu
Bureau; an associate chief officer of State-owned Bank Supervision Department II in the CBRC Gansu
Bureau; an associate chief officer of On-site Inspection Department II in the CBRC Gansu Bureau; the
chief officer of On-site Inspection Department II and City Commercial Banks Regulatory Department
in the CBRC Gansu Bureau. She successively served as a second level senior manager of On-site
Audit Centre II under Audit Department of China Zheshang Bank; the general manager of On-site Audit
Centre II under Audit Department of China Zheshang Bank; the assistant general manager of the Audit
Department and general manager of On-site Audit Centre II under Audit Department of China Zheshang
Bank; the assistant general manager of Audit Department of China Zheshang Bank; the assistant general
manager of Audit Department and general manager of Regulatory Affairs Centre of China Zheshang
Bank; the deputy general manager of Audit Department and general manager of Regulatory Affairs
Centre of China Zheshang Bank; the deputy general manager of Audit Department and general manager
of Audit Department Nanjing Branch, and general manager of the Audit Department and member of the
Disciplinary Committee of the Head Office.

Ma Xiaofeng
Mr. Ma Xiaofeng is a shareholder supervisor of the Company. He holds a master degree and is a senior
economist. He is currently a member of the Party Committee and Deputy General Manager of Zhejiang
China Textile City Group Co., Ltd., and manager and executive Director of Shaoxing China Textile City
Financial Holdings Co. Ltd. He was the business manager of Shaoxing Branch of PICC Property and
Casualty Company Limited; project research assistant of the investment management department, an
assistant to the manager of the corporate management department, a deputy manager of the corporate
management department (in charge of work) of Zhejiang China Textile City Group Co., Ltd., a Deputy
General Manager of the Beilian market branch (temporary position), an employee supervisor, a manager
of the investment securities department and a representative of securities affairs of the company; and
Secretary to the Board of Directors and director of Zhejiang China Textile City Group Co., Ltd.
132    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Information on Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management,
      Employees and Institutions

              Wang Junbo
              Mr. Wang Junbo is a shareholder supervisor of the Company. He holds a master degree and is a senior
              economist. Currently, he is the Deputy Secretary of the Party Committee, deputy general manager, chief
              financial officer, and executive director of Xintai Life Insurance Co., Ltd. He served as a staff member
              of the finance center and a deputy director of the finance department of Zhejiang Wuchan Yuantong
              Mechanical and Electrical (Group) Co., Ltd., the manager of the investment department and deputy
              manager of the finance department of Zhejiang Shunda Import and Export Trading Company Limited,
              the assistant to the director and deputy general manager of the capital operation management center of
              Zhejiang Wuchan Group Co., Ltd., member of the Party Branch, deputy general manager, chairman of
              the labor union and employee director of Wuchan Zhongda Group Finance Co., Ltd., general manager
              of the financial department of Wuchan Zhongda Group Co., Ltd., and chief financial officer of Xintai Life
              Insurance Co., Ltd.

              Zhang Fanquan
              Mr. Zhang Fanquan is an external supervisor of the Company. He holds a master degree and is a senior
              accountant. Mr. Zhang previously served as the deputy Director of the credit card department, the vice
              division chief of the funds raising division and deposit division and the Deputy General Manager of the
              market development department of Hangzhou Branch of Agricultural Bank of China; the division chief
              of the finance division of Hangzhou office and a Party member, Deputy General Manager, secretary
              of the commission of discipline inspection of Shenzhen office of China Great Wall Asset Management
              Corporation; the Director and Deputy General Manager of Shenzhen Great Wall Guosheng Investment
              Holding Co., Ltd.; the secretary of Party Committee and General Manager of Hangzhou office, and the
              secretary of Party Committee and General Manager of Zhejiang Branch (formerly Hangzhou office) of
              China Great Wall Asset Management Corporation; the chief operation officer of China Great Wall Asset
              Management Co., Ltd., and the secretary of Party Committee and Chairman of Great Wall Guofu Real
              Estate Co., Ltd.

               Wang Congcong
               Mr. Wang Congcong is an external supervisor of the Company. He is a doctor and Professor. Mr.
               Wang is currently a professor and doctoral supervisor of the School of Finance, Zhejiang University of
               Finance & Economics. He is also a member of the 13th Zhejiang Chinese People’s Political Consultative
               Conference, a member of Zhejiang CDL Provincial Committee, the deputy director of the Financial
               Special Committee of Zhejiang CDL Provincial Committee, the chairman of CDL Committee of Zhejiang
               University of Finance & Economics, the special supervisor of the Zhejiang High People’s Court, a member
               of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference in Qiantang District, Hangzhou, an independent
               director of Zhejiang Mintai Bank Co. Ltd. and an independent director of Yuyao Rural Commercial Bank.
               He served as the deputy dean of the School of Finance, the director of International Exchange and
               Cooperation Office (director of Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan Work Office), and the dean of School of
               Finance, Zhejiang University of Finance & Economics.
                                                                                                Annual Report 2025     133




        Information on Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management,
                                       Employees and Institutions

Chen Sanlian
Mr. Chen Sanlian is an external supervisor of the Company. He holds a master degree. He is currently
a Vice Chairman of Zhejiang Lawyers Association, an arbitrator of China International Economic and
Trade Arbitration Commission, a standing committee member of Zhejiang Chinese People’s Political
Consultative Conference, an expert committee member of the Judge and Prosecutor Selection and
Disciplinary Committee of Zhejiang Province, etc.; and also Independent Director of Zhejiang Jinggong
Science & Technology Co., Ltd. and Wuchan Zhongda Group Co., Ltd. Mr. Chen once served as a
cadre of the lawyer administration division of the Ministry of Justice of Zhejiang Province; an associate
editor-in-chief of Lawyer and Legality; the general secretary of Zhejiang Lawyers Association; independent
director of Hengyi Petrochemical Co., Ltd., and independent director of Zhejiang Weixing Intelligent
Instrument Co., Ltd.

Senior Management
Lyu Linhua
Lyu Linhua is currently the Deputy Secretary of the Party Committee, executive Director, President and
Chief Compliance Officer1 of the Company. He holds a master degree and is a senior economist. Mr. Lyu
has previously served as the Assistant Director of the Statistical Research Division, Assistant Director,
Deputy Director, and Director of the Office (Party Committee Office) of the Zhejiang Regulatory Bureau of
the China Insurance Regulatory Commission; Director of the Policy and Regulation Division, Director and
First-Level Researcher of the Office (Party Committee Office, Party Committee Inspection Office) of the
Zhejiang Regulatory Bureau of the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission; Member of the
Party Committee and Vice President of Zhejiang Rural Commercial United Bank.

Jing Feng
Mr. Jing Feng is currently a Party Committee member and Vice President of the Company, and Secretary
of the Party Committee and President of Hangzhou Branch. He has a master degree, and is a senior
economist, and a certified public accountant in the United States. Mr. Jing worked as the Deputy
General Manager and General Manager of planning and finance department of Suzhou Branch, China
Minsheng Bank, finance specialist of corporate financial business department of China Minsheng Bank;
Deputy General Manager of Jiangsu business department of China Zheshang Bank, member of the Party
Committee and Vice President of Nanjing Branch, China Zheshang Bank; Deputy General Manager (in
charge of work) and General Manager of Finance and Accounting Department, General Manager of Asset
and Liability Management Department of China Zheshang Bank, as well as the CFO of China Zheshang
Bank.

Luo Feng
Mr. Luo Feng is currently a Party Committee member, the Vice President, and Secretary to the Board
of Directors of the Company. He holds a doctor degree. Mr. Luo worked as manager assistant of
financial market research center of treasury department, manager assistant of business management
center, deputy manager and manager of business management center (research center) of treasury
department, risk monitoring officer and General Manager assistant of treasury department, manager of
risk management center, Deputy General Manager and Deputy General Manager (in charge of work) of
treasury department of China Zheshang Bank, General Manager of Financial Market Department of China
Zheshang Bank, and assistant to President of China Zheshang Bank.




1    On April 10, 2026, the qualification of Mr. Lyu Linhua as a Director and the President had been approved by the
     National Financial Regulatory Administration, and Mr. Lyu Linhua’s appointment as the Chief Compliance Officer
     of the Company took effect simultaneously.
134    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Information on Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management,
      Employees and Institutions

              Zhou Weixin
              Mr. Zhou Weixin is currently a Party Committee member and Assistant to President (proposed Vice
              President) of the Company. He has a bachelor degree, and is an economist and senior certified credit
              analyst. Mr. Zhou has previously served as the Vice President (in charge of work) and President of Lin’an
              Sub-branch of Bank of China, the President of Gaoxin Sub-branch, Hangzhou of Bank of China, the
              Director of Hangzhou corporate business center under the corporate business department of Zhejiang
              Branch of Bank of China, the President of Qingchun Sub-branch, Hangzhou of Bank of China, the
              secretary of the Party Committee and the President of Zhoushan Branch of Bank of China, the General
              Manager of the risk management department, Director of the executive office, and the General Manager
              of the personal banking department of Zhejiang Branch of Bank of China, as well as a member of the
              Party Committee and the Vice President of Anhui Branch of Bank of China (during which period he
              served as Member of the Party Leadership Group and vice mayor of Bengbu City from November 2019
              to December 2021 under temporary assignment); President of Zhejiang Business Headquarter of China
              Zheshang Bank.

              Pan Huafeng
              Mr. Pan Huafeng is currently a Party Committee member, Assistant to President (proposed Vice
              President) and Chief Risk Officer of the Company. He has a bachelor degree, and is an economist. Mr.
              Pan once served as the Deputy Section Chief of the Management Section of the Credit Management
              Department and the Section Chief of the Management Section of the Risk Management Department of
              Bank of China Ningbo Branch, the Vice President of Bank of China Yinzhou Sub-branch, and the Deputy
              Director (in charge of work) and Director of the Risk Management Department of Bank of China Ningbo
              Branch; Member of the Party Committee, Deputy Secretary of the Discipline Inspection Commission,
              Risk Monitoring Officer, Assistant to President, Vice President, Secretary of the Discipline Inspection
              Commission, Party Committee Secretary, and President of China Zheshang Bank Ningbo Branch,
              Director of the New Capital Office and General Manager of the Risk Management Department of China
              Zheshang Bank.

      6.       Profile of new or proposed Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management and
               information of their positions and concurrent appointments as of the date of this
               report
              Zheng Xingang
              Zheng Xingang is a Non-executive Director (proposed) of the Company. He holds a master degree and
              is a chief senior economist. Mr. Zheng previously served as the deputy manager of the capital operation
              department, the deputy manager of the investment development department, and the director of the
              board office of Hengyi Petrochemical Co., Ltd. He is currently the Vice President, Secretary to the Board
              of Directors, and Chief Financial Officer of Hengyi Petrochemical Co., Ltd., and a Director of Zhejiang
              Baling Hengyi Caprolactam Co., Ltd.
                                                                                               Annual Report 2025    135




             Information on Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management,
                                            Employees and Institutions

     Yang Zhaohui
     Yang Zhaohui is a Non-executive Director (proposed) of the Company. He has a university education
     level and is an intermediate economist. Mr. Yang previously served as the deputy head of the human
     resources department of Ningbo Port Company Limited, the Deputy Secretary of the Party Committee,
     Deputy General Manager, Secretary of the Discipline Inspection Commission, and Chairman of the Labor
     Union of the Beilun Second Container Terminal Branch of Ningbo Port Company Limited, and the head of
     the corporate management department of Ningbo Zhoushan Port Company Limited. He is currently the
     head of the corporate management department of Zhejiang Provincial Seaport Investment & Operation
     Group Co., Ltd. and Ningbo Zhoushan Port Group Company Limited.

     Wu Zhijun
     Wu Zhijun is a Non-executive Director (proposed) of the Company. He holds a doctor degree and is an
     economist. Mr. Wu served as a senior staff member of the business department of the Hubei Branch of
     China Construction Bank; the deputy director and then director of the statutory business department
     of China Reinsurance Corporation; the deputy party secretary and deputy general manager of Wuhan
     Branch of China Continent Property & Casualty Insurance Co., Ltd.; the party secretary and general
     manager of Shenzhen Branch of China Continent Property & Casualty Insurance Co., Ltd.; the deputy
     general manager of corporate business department and investment banking department of Agricultural
     Bank of China; the deputy general manager of ABC Life Insurance Co., Ltd.; a director, supervisor
     and chairman of supervisory committee of Minsheng Tonghui Asset Management Co., Ltd.; a director
     of Allinpay Network Services Co., Ltd.; the chairman of the board of Tonghui Kangyanglv Company; a
     supervisor and chairman of supervisory committee of Pu-Xing Energy Limited; the chief operating officer,
     executive president, compliance officer, financial officer, chief risk officer and interim compliance officer
     of Minsheng Life Insurance Co., Ltd. He is currently an executive director, general manager and financial
     officer of Minsheng Life Insurance Co., Ltd.; concurrently serves as a supervisor of Allinpay Network
     Services Co., Ltd.; and a director and chairman of Minsheng Tonghui Asset Management Co., Ltd.

7.   Remuneration policies for Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management
     The remuneration of the Directors of the Company is determined and paid in accordance with the
     relevant laws and regulations as well as the relevant provisions of the Articles of Association. The specific
     remuneration distribution plans should be reviewed by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee
     under the Board of Directors and submitted to the Board of Directors for approval, and submitted to the
     general meeting for approval after being approved by the Board of Directors.

     The remuneration of the Supervisors of the Company is determined and paid in accordance with the
     relevant laws and regulations as well as the relevant provisions of the Articles of Association. The
     specific remuneration distribution plans should be reviewed by the Nomination Committee under the
     supervisory committee and submitted to the supervisory committee for approval, and submitted to the
     general meeting for approval after being approved by the supervisory committee. The Company provides
     remuneration for external supervisors in accordance with the “Proposal on Adjusting the Allowances of
     Independent Directors and External Supervisors”; shareholder supervisors of the Company do not receive
     remuneration from the Company.

     The Company’s appraisal of the senior management is based on their performance in completing the
     decisions, strategic targets and plans of the Board of Directors and whether they are actively and
     effectively protecting the interests of the Company and the Shareholders, and it is implemented by the
     Board of Directors.
136    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Information on Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management,
      Employees and Institutions

               The incentive and restraint mechanism of the Company is mainly embodied in the distribution mechanism
               for the senior management. The remuneration of the senior management is linked with the appraisal
               indicators of the Board of Directors, in order to combine the target incentive with responsibility restraint,
               ensure the alignment of the remuneration payment with the long-term interests of the Company, and
               better encourage the senior management to contribute to the steady and sustainable development of the
               Company. The evaluation and remuneration payment plan for the senior management shall be reviewed
               by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee under the Board of Directors, and then approved and
               implemented by the Board of Directors annually, and disclosed according to the relevant requirements.
               When the Board of Directors reviews resolutions relating to the remuneration of the senior management,
               all related directors will abstain from voting.

      (II)     Employees and Remuneration Policies
               As of the end of the reporting period, the Group had 25,016 employees (including dispatched employees,
               outsourced personnel and employees of the subsidiaries of the Company), representing a decrease of
               210 as compared with that at the end of last year. Divided by the position types, 10,727 employees of
               the Group were categorized as marketing personnel, 1,768 employees as counter personnel, and 12,521
               employees as mid-office and back-office personnel; divided by the educational levels, 6,658 obtained
               post-graduate degree or above (including 108 with doctorate degree), 16,945 obtained bachelor degree,
               and 1,413 obtained college degree or below. All of our employees participate in basic social pension
               insurance, and as of the end of the reporting period, 466 employees had retired from the Group.

               The Company’s remuneration policy is guided by its growth strategy and the people-oriented concept
               with unified and classified management by adhering to the principle of marketization and in accordance
               with the single-level legal person system. The Company continues to improve the linkage mechanism
               of remuneration level with performance capabilities of individual positions and personal operational
               performance, and strives to set up a remuneration management system that reflects internal fairness and
               external competitiveness, promotes the co-growth of employees and the Company, focuses equally on
               incentives and restraints, gives attention to both position value, contribution and long-term incentives,
               and matches the change in remuneration with the market rate and economic benefits.

               The Company’s remuneration policy coordinates well with the risk management system, and is
               matched with its size as well as the nature and complexity degree of its business. Specifically, the
               total amount of remuneration allocated by the Company to its branches is linked with the realization
               status of overall benefits by such branches and the Company takes into account various kinds of risk
               factors so that the branch outlets would strive for risk-adjusted value creation as the orientation and
               that long-term performance would be improved. Furthermore, the remuneration paid to employees is
               linked with the responsibilities and risk degree associated with the employee’s post and different kinds
               of appraisal and performance allocation methods are applied to different types of employees, which
               appropriately tilted to the marketing position, and relevant mechanisms for the deferment payment and
               claw-back of performance-based remuneration have been established in accordance with the internal
               control principles of prudent operations and strengthened constraints. During the reporting period, the
               Company implemented 970 claw-backs of performance-based remuneration, recovering a total amount
               of performance-based remuneration of RMB13.6873 million. For employees in the risk and compliance
               departments of the Company, their remuneration is determined by taking into account their position
               value, abilities to perform duties and other factors, and such remuneration is not directly related to the
               matters under their regulation and remains independent of other business segments.
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025    137




               Information on Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management,
                                              Employees and Institutions

(III) Employees Training
      In line with its business development strategy, the Company adhered to internal talent cultivation as the
      main thread and advanced the construction of a hierarchical and categorized whole life cycle training
      system. Focusing on cutting-edge fields such as artificial intelligence (AI), we innovatively launched
      training programs and courses; focusing on key talent cultivation, we deepened various training such
      as cadre leadership, new managers, outstanding young backbones, campus-recruited college students,
      and general skills; using the “Good Teachers and Good Courses” competition as a platform, we
      accelerated the building of a professional and tiered internal trainer team; we strengthened the guarantee
      of digital and intelligent training platforms, optimized training line management, and stimulated training
      effectiveness in all aspects. During the reporting period, the Bank organized a total of 3,151 training
      programs with 939,700 attendances.

(IV) Information on Institutions
      As at December 31, 2025, the Bank’s institutions were as follows:

                                                                                                 Number of
                                                                                   Number of     employees     Total assets
      Region          Name of institution   Business address                      institutions     (person)   (RMB million)


      Yangtze River   Head Office           No. 1 Minxin Road, Shangcheng                   1         5,014      1,082,166
        Delta Area                            District, Hangzhou, Zhejiang
                      Small Enterprise      No. 76 Huancheng West Road,                     1           56               –
                       Credit Center          Gongshu District, Hangzhou,
                                              Zhejiang
                      Fund Operation        Floor 30 and 31, No. 1, Lane 1500,              1          102         886,502
                        Center                Pudong Avenue, Pudong New
                                              District, Shanghai
                      Hangzhou Branch       No. 288 Qingchun Road, Gongshu                 64         3,132        436,170
                                              District, Hangzhou, Zhejiang
                      Shanghai Branch       Floor 501, 6-10, 23, 27-29, 32-33,             16         1,113        205,697
                                              35-36, No. 1 Lane 1500 Pudong
                                              Avenue, and Room 101, Floor
                                              1, No. 1558 Pudong Avenue,
                                              Pudong New District, Shanghai
                      Nanjing Branch        No. 9 Zhongshan North Road,                    34         1,580        165,725
                                              Nanjing
                      Ningbo Branch         No. 128 Wenkang Road, No. 555                  20          835          96,045
                                              Yangfan Road, Gaoxin District,
                                              Ningbo
                      Suzhou Branch         No. 5 Xingdun Lane, Industrial Park            11          607          68,472
                                              Zone, Suzhou
                      Hefei Branch          Block A16, Financial Harbour                    6          407          37,315
                                              Center, No. 4872, Huizhou
                                              Avenue, Binhu New District, Hefei
                      Shaoxing Branch       No. 1418 Jinkeqiao Avenue, Keqiao              10          563          69,943
                                              District, Shaoxing
138    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Information on Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management,
      Employees and Institutions

                                                                                                           Number of
                                                                                             Number of     employees     Total assets
               Region          Name of institution   Business address                       institutions     (person)   (RMB million)


                               Wenzhou Branch        Zheyin Building, No. 388 Wanghai                14          601          61,192
                                                       Road, Binjiang Street, Lucheng
                                                       District, Wenzhou, Zhejiang
                               Jinhua Branch         1-13/F and 21-22/F, Unit 1, Block               11          450          45,091
                                                       9, Jinhua Information Economy
                                                       Industrial Park, No. 1313 Liyu
                                                       Road, Xiguan Street, Wucheng
                                                       District, Jinhua, Zhejiang
                               Zhoushan Branch       No. 88, Lvdao Road, Qiandao                      4          126          13,001
                                                       Streets, Dinghai District,
                                                       Zhoushan, Zhejiang
               Bohai Rim       Beijing Branch        Huajia Jinbao Complex, No. 269,                 24         1,238        186,907
                Region                                 Chaoyangmen South Street,
                                                       Dongcheng District, Beijing
                               Jinan Branch          No. 801, Caoshanling South Road,                21         1,105        110,042
                                                       Lixia District, Jinan, Shandong
                               Tianjin Branch        Overseas Chinese Building,                      13          496          36,077
                                                       Extension No. 1, No. 92, Nanjing
                                                       Road, Heping District, Tianjin
                               Shenyang Branch       No. 467, Shifu Road, Shenhe                      6          343          26,998
                                                       District, Shenyang
               Pearl River Delta Guangzhou Branch    No. 921 and 933 Guangzhou                       17         1,064        102,995
                 and Western                           South Avenue, Haizhu District,
                 Coast of                              Guangzhou
                 Taiwan Strait
                                 Shenzhen Branch     (1-4/F, 6/F) Lianhezongbu Building,             16          931         101,209
                                                       Hightech District, Xuefu Road,
                                                       Nanshan Street, Nanshan District,
                                                       Shenzhen
                               Fuzhou Branch         Huawei Building, No. 169, Nanjiang               2          198          18,630
                                                       Binxi Avenue, Cangshan District,
                                                       Fuzhou, Fujian
               Midwestern      Chengdu Branch        Building 1, Jinjiang Spring, No. 299            14          646          63,992
                 Region                                Yong’an Road, Jinjiang District,
                                                       Chengdu
                               Xi’an Branch          Building 3, Taihua Jinmao Guoji,                15          675          63,230
                                                       No. 16, Fenghui South Road,
                                                       Yanta District, Xi’an
                               Chongqing Branch      Block 3, No. 67, Middle Section                 10          590          56,247
                                                       of Huangshan Avenue, Yubei
                                                       District, Chongqing
                               Wuhan Branch          Zheshang Bank Building (Pacific                  7          427          37,779
                                                       Finance Plaza), No. 548, 550,
                                                       552, 556, Jianshe Avenue,
                                                       Jianghan District, Wuhan, Hubei
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025    139




          Information on Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management,
                                         Employees and Institutions

                                                                                                 Number of
                                                                                   Number of     employees     Total assets
Region            Name of institution        Business address                     institutions     (person)   (RMB million)


                  Zhengzhou Branch           No. 8 Middle Ring Road, Finance                9          431          38,114
                                               Island, Zhengzhou Area
                                               (Zhengdong), Henan Pilot Free
                                               Trade Zone, Zhengzhou, Henan
                  Changsha Branch            18-23/F of Block C1, G/F of                    7          359          34,090
                                               Block C2, Unit 141-142 of 1/
                                               F, Unit 248-249 of 2/F, Forte
                                               Binjiang Yuefu, No. 751, Section
                                               3, Xiaoxiang North Road,
                                               Guanshaling Street, Hunan
                                               Xiangjiang New Area, Changsha
                  Nanchang Branch            1-2/F, 14-20/F, Office Building                4          319          30,422
                                               No. 35, Alpha X, No. 1, Xuefu
                                               Road, Honggutan New District,
                                               Nanchang, Jiangxi
                  Lanzhou Branch             No. 1888, Nanchang Road,                       8          373          24,477
                                               Chengguan District, Lanzhou
                  Hohhot Branch              No. 8, Chilechuan Street, Saihan               3          264          25,145
                                               District, Hohhot
                  Guiyang Branch             No. 88, Yan’an Road Central,                   2          137          13,451
                                               Yunyan District, Guiyang
                  Taiyuan Branch             Part of 1/F and 2-7/F, Block A,                1          142          24,803
                                               No. 163 Jinyang Street, Xiaodian
                                               District, Taiyuan, Shanxi
                  Nanning Branch             20-21/F, Block A, China Resources              1          145          13,904
                                               Building, No. 136-1 Minzu
                                               Avenue, and No. B1028-1031,
                                               -1/F, 136-6 Xingfu Lane, Qingxiu
                                               District, Nanning, Guangxi
                                               Zhuang Autonomous Region
Overseas          Hong Kong Branch           15/F, Three Exchange Square,                   1          107          63,293
 Institution                                   No. 8 Connaught Place, Central,
                                               Hong Kong
Subsidiary        Zheyin Financial           No.368 Yan’an Road, Gongshu                    1          283          90,367
                    Leasing                    District, Hangzhou, Zhejiang
                  CZB Wealth                 20-22/F, Block 2, Zhejiang                     1          157           2,644
                    Management                 Chamber of Commerce Building,
                                               No. 939 Minhe Road, Ningwei
                                               Street, Xiaoshan District,
                                               Hangzhou, Zhejiang
Offset balance and intra-group elimination                                                                        -851,043

Total                                                                                     376       25,016       3,481,092
140    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Directors’ Report


      (I)      Our Principal Business
               The Company’s principal business is to provide banking and related financial services.

      (II)     Business Review
               For the business review of our Company, please refer to the relevant sections, among others, “Description
               of Major Risks and Uncertainties”, “Future Development” are set out in the section headed “Management
               Discussion and Analysis”; “Major Events Occurred after the Reporting Period” is set out in the section
               headed “Significant Events”; “Key Financial Performance Indicators” is set out in the section headed
               “Financial Summary” and financial statements; “Compliance with Relevant Laws and Regulations Which
               Could Materially Affect the Company” is set out in “Compliance with the Laws and Regulations” in this
               section; and “Explanation on Important Relationship between Employees, Customers and Suppliers”
               is set out in “Major Customers” in this section and the section headed “Information on Directors,
               Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees and Institutions”. Please refer to “Performance of Social
               Responsibilities” in this section for the information on “Environmental Policy and Performance”.

      (III) Profit and Dividend Distribution
      1.       The Company’s profit distribution policy
               According to the Articles of Association, our profit distribution policy is:

      (1)      The Company shall distribute profits after income tax in the following order:
               To make up for the losses of previous years;

               To appropriate 10% as statutory reserve fund;

               To make provision for general risk reserve;

               To appropriate discretionary reserve fund; and

               To pay dividends to shareholders.

      (2)      The Company may distribute profits in the form of cash, shares or other forms approved by
               competent regulatory authorities.

      (3)      After the profit distribution plan is adopted at the general meeting of the Company, the Board shall
               finish distributing profits within two months after the general meeting.
                                                                                            Annual Report 2025   141




                                                                                 Directors’ Report


(4)   Cash dividends and other payments made by the Company to the holders of A Shares shall be
      denominated, declared and paid in RMB. Cash dividends and other payments made by the Company
      to the holders of H Shares shall be denominated and declared in RMB and paid in Hong Kong dollars.
      The formulation and implementation of our policy on cash dividend are in compliance with the
      requirements of the Articles and Association and the resolutions passed at the general meeting. The
      standards and proportion of dividends declaration are clear and explicit and the procedures and
      mechanism of decision making are well-organized, and have been considered and approved by the
      Independent Non-executive Directors. Minority Shareholders may fully express their opinions and
      requirements, and their legitimate interests have been fully protected.

2.    Profit distribution proposal for the year
      The results of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2025 are set out in the section headed
      “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statement” in this report.

      The Board of Directors of the Company has recommended to declare a cash dividend for 2025 at
      RMB1.31 (tax inclusive) for every 10 shares, which shall be paid in RMB to the holders of A Shares and
      in Hong Kong dollars to the holders of H Shares. The above dividend distribution proposal is subject to
      consideration and approval at the 2025 annual general meeting of the Company.

      If approved, the final dividend distribution of the Company for 2025 will be denominated and declared
      in RMB and paid in RMB for A Shares and in equivalent Hong Kong Dollar for H Shares. The exchange
      rate of Hong Kong Dollar against RMB is calculated based on the average central parity rate of RMB to
      Hong Kong Dollar as announced by the People’s Bank of China on the website for seven business days
      immediately before the date of the Company’s 2025 annual general meeting.

      The dividend is expected to be paid before July 31, 2026, subject to the approval of the final dividend
      payment arrangement by the Shareholders by way of ordinary resolution. Information regarding the
      record date and book closure date to determine the entitlement to the final dividend and attendance of
      2025 annual general meeting of the Company will be announced in due course.

3.    Cash dividends for ordinary shares in the past three years
      Item                                                         2025              2024               2023


      Cash dividend for every 10 shares
        (tax inclusive, in RMB)                                    1.31              1.56                1.64
      Cash dividend (tax inclusive, in RMB million)               3,598             4,284               4,504
      Net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders of
        the Bank (in RMB million)                                11,968            14,223             14,085
      Percentage of cash dividend (%)                             30.06             30.12              31.98
142    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Directors’ Report


      4.       Dividend tax
      (1)      Holders of A Shares
               In accordance with the Notice on Relevant Issues Regarding the Implementation of the Policy of
               Differentiated Individual Income Tax for Stock Dividends from Listed Companies issued by the Ministry
               of Finance, State Administration of Taxation and the CSRC (Cai Shui [2012] No. 85) and the Notice
               on Relevant Issues Regarding the Implementing Differentiated Individual Income Tax Policy for Stock
               Dividends of Listed Companies (Cai Shui [2015] No. 101), for the Relevant Individuals who have held the
               shares, where the holding period is less than one month (inclusive), the full amount of dividends shall be
               counted as taxable income; where the holding period is more than one month and less than one year
               (inclusive), 50% of the dividends shall be counted as taxable income and where the holding period is
               more than one year, the dividends is temporarily exempted from individual income tax. The individual
               income tax rate of 20% shall be applicable for all incomes mentioned above. For the dividends obtained
               from a listed company by a securities investment fund, individual income tax is also levied in accordance
               with the requirements above.

               According to Article 26.2 of the Enterprise Income Tax Law of the PRC, dividends, bonuses and other
               equity investment proceeds distributed between qualified resident enterprises shall be tax-free.

               According to Article 83 of the Implementation Rules of Enterprise Income Tax Law of the PRC, dividends,
               bonuses and other equity investment proceeds distributed between qualified resident enterprises as
               referred in Article 26.2 of the Enterprise Income Tax Law of the PRC refer to those proceeds obtained
               from direct investment of resident enterprises into other resident enterprises. The term “equity investment
               income such as equity and dividends” as mentioned in Article 26.2 of the Enterprise Income Tax Law of
               the People’s Republic of China does not include the proceeds from holding the stocks of the resident
               enterprises that were obtained through public offering or through trading in the stock market for less than
               12 months on a continuing basis.

               According to the Enterprise Income Tax Law of the PRC and its implementation rules, dividend income
               obtained by non-resident enterprises shall be levied at a preferential enterprise income tax rate of 10%.

      (2)      Holders of H Shares
               According to the Enterprise Income Tax Law of the PRC and its implementation rules, both effective on
               January 1, 2008, the Company shall withhold and pay enterprise income tax at the rate of 10% before
               distributing dividends to non-resident enterprise Shareholders whose names appear on the Bank’s
               register of members for H Shares.

               According to the Notice on Collection of Individual Income Tax after the Repeal of Guo Shui Fa [1993]
               No. 045 (Guo Shui Han [2011] No. 348), the Company shall withhold and pay individual income tax for
               individual holders of the H Shares.

               If the individual holders of the H Shares are Hong Kong or Macau residents or residents of other
               countries or regions that have a tax rate of 10% under the tax treaties with the PRC, the Company will
               withhold and pay individual income tax at the rate of 10% on behalf of such Shareholders.
                                                                                               Annual Report 2025    143




                                                                                     Directors’ Report


      If the individual holders of the H Shares are residents of countries or regions that have a tax rate lower
      than 10% under the tax treaties with the PRC, the Company will withhold and pay individual income
      tax at the rate of 10% on behalf of such Shareholders. If such Shareholders wish to claim refund of the
      amount in excess of the individual income tax payable under the tax treaties, the Company can apply
      on behalf of the Shareholders according to the relevant tax treaties for the relevant agreed preferential
      tax treatment, provided that the relevant Shareholders submit the relevant documents and information
      in a timely manner required by the Administrative Rules on Enjoying Treatment under Taxation Treaties
      by Non-resident Taxpayers (State Administration of Taxation Announcement 2019, No. 35) and the
      provisions of the relevant tax treaties. The Company will assist with the tax refund subject to the approval
      of the competent tax authority.

      If the individual holders of the H Shares are residents of countries or regions that have a tax rate higher
      than 10% but lower than 20% under the tax treaties with the PRC, the Company will withhold and
      pay individual income tax at the applicable tax rates stated in such taxation treaties on behalf of such
      Shareholders.

      If the individual holders of the H Shares are residents of countries or regions that have a tax rate of 20%
      under the tax treaties with the PRC, or that have not entered into any taxation treaties with the PRC, or
      otherwise, the Company will withhold and pay individual income tax at the rate of 20% on behalf of such
      Shareholders.

(IV) Donations
      During the reporting period, the Group’s external donations amounted to RMB51.1018 million.

(V)   Major Customers
      During the reporting period, the proportion of the Group’s total operating income attributable to our five
      largest customers did not exceed 30% of the total operating income of the Group.

(VI) Purchase and Sale and Redemption of Securities
      During the reporting period, the Company and its subsidiary did not purchase, sell or redeem any of the
      Company’s listing securities (including sale of treasury shares).

      As of the end of the reporting period, the Company did not hold treasury shares.

(VII) Pre-Emptive Rights
      There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the Company’s Articles of Association and the PRC
      laws.

(VIII) Public Float
      Based on the public information available to the Company and to the knowledge of the Directors, as
      of the Latest Practicable Date prior to the issue of this report, the Company had met the public float
      requirement of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.
144    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Directors’ Report



      (IX)     Equity-Linked Agreements
               No equity-linked agreements were entered into by the Company during the year ended December 31,
               2025.

      (X)      Material Connected Transactions
               Connected Transactions Related to Daily Operations
               The Company carried out the connected transactions in accordance with the relevant requirements
               of regulatory authorities at home and abroad, i.e. the Administrative Measures for Related Party
               Transactions of Banking and Insurance Institutions, the Rules Governing the Listing of Stocks on the
               Shanghai Stock Exchange, Self-regulatory Guidelines for Listed Companies on the Shanghai Stock
               Exchange No. 5 – Transaction and Related Party Transaction and the Rules Governing the Listing of
               Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. The connected transactions were conducted
               on normal commercial terms. The terms of transactions were fair and reasonable and in the benefits of
               the Company and the shareholders as a whole.

               During the reporting period, at the fourth meeting of the seventh session of the Board, the Company
               considered and passed the Proposal on the Bank’s Credit Plan to the Related Parties of Zhejiang
               Provincial Financial Holdings Group, approving to grant maximum comprehensive credit lines of
               RMB14.136 billion to the former Zhejiang Provincial Financial Holdings Group, of which RMB7.95 billion
               was considered and approved at the meeting. For details, please refer to the Announcement on Related
               Party Transactions of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. (Announcement Number: 2025-014) published by
               the Company on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (www.sse.com.cn).

               During the reporting period, at the fourth meeting of the seventh session of the Board, the Company
               considered and passed the Proposal on the Bank’s Credit Plan to the Related Parties of Zhejiang Energy
               Group, approving to grant maximum comprehensive credit lines of RMB8.15 billion to Zhejiang Energy
               Group and its related parties, of which RMB7.6 billion was considered and approved at the meeting. For
               details, please refer to the Announcement on Related Party Transactions of China Zheshang Bank Co.,
               Ltd. (Announcement Number: 2025-014) published by the Company on the Shanghai Stock Exchange
               (www.sse.com.cn).

               During the reporting period, at the fourth meeting of the seventh session of the Board, the Company
               considered and passed the Proposal on the Bank’s Credit Plan to the Related Parties of Hengdian
               Group, approving to grant maximum comprehensive credit lines of RMB4.91 billion to Hengdian Group
               and its related parties. For details, please refer to the Announcement on Related Party Transactions of
               China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. (Announcement Number: 2025-014) published by the Company on the
               Shanghai Stock Exchange (www.sse.com.cn).

               During the reporting period, at the fourth meeting of the seventh session of the Board, the Company
               considered and passed the Proposal on the Bank’s Credit Plan to the Related Parties of Orient Securities
               Co., Ltd., approving to grant maximum comprehensive credit lines of RMB8 billion to Orient Securities
               Co., Ltd. For details, please refer to the Announcement on Related Party Transactions of China Zheshang
               Bank Co., Ltd. (Announcement Number: 2025-014) published by the Company on the Shanghai Stock
               Exchange (www.sse.com.cn).
                                                                                     Annual Report 2025   145




                                                                           Directors’ Report


During the reporting period, at the fourth meeting of the seventh session of the Board, the Company
considered and passed the Proposal on the Pre-approval Amount of Deposit-type Related Transactions
of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for the Year 2025, and agreed with the pre-approval amount of non –
demand deposits of related parties for the year 2025 as formulated by the Company. For details, please
refer to the Announcement of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. on the Pre-approval Amount of Deposit-
type Related Transactions for 2025 (Announcement Number: 2025-015) published by the Company on
the Shanghai Stock Exchange (www.sse.com.cn).

During the reporting period, at the sixth meeting of the seventh session of the Board, the Company
considered and passed the Proposal on the Bank’s Credit Plan to the Related Parties of Zhejiang
Provincial Innovation Investment Group, approving to grant maximum comprehensive credit lines of
RMB15.136 billion to Zhejiang Provincial Innovation Investment Group. For details, please refer to
the Announcement on Related Party Transactions of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. (Announcement
Number: 2025-050) published by the Company on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (www.sse.com.cn).

During the reporting period, at the sixth meeting of the seventh session of the Board, the Company
considered and passed the Proposal on the Bank’s Credit Plan to the Related Parties of China Taiping
Insurance Group, approving to grant maximum comprehensive credit lines of RMB13.745 billion to
the related parties of China Taiping Insurance Group, of which the maximum comprehensive credit
lines of the 5 credit receivers at the meeting was RMB12.785 billion. For details, please refer to the
Announcement on Related Party Transactions of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. (Announcement
Number: 2025-050) published by the Company on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (www.sse.com.cn).

During the reporting period, at the sixth meeting of the seventh session of the Board, the Company
considered and passed the Proposal on the Bank’s Credit Plan to the Related Parties of Zhejiang Hengyi
Group, approving to grant maximum comprehensive credit lines of RMB5 billion to Zhejiang Hengyi
Group. For details, please refer to the Announcement on Related Party Transactions of China Zheshang
Bank Co., Ltd. (Announcement Number: 2025-050) published by the Company on the Shanghai Stock
Exchange (www.sse.com.cn).

During the reporting period, at the sixth meeting of the seventh session of the Board, the Company
considered and passed the Proposal on the Bank’s Credit Plan to the Related Parties of Shaoxing Keqiao
District State-owned Assets Holding Group, approving to grant maximum comprehensive credit lines of
RMB9.9 billion to Shaoxing Keqiao District State-owned Assets Holding Group. For details, please refer
to the Announcement on Related Party Transactions of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. (Announcement
Number: 2025-050) published by the Company on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (www.sse.com.cn).

During the reporting period, at the sixth meeting of the seventh session of the Board, the Company
considered and passed the Proposal on the Bank’s Credit Plan to the Related Parties of Zhejiang Zheyin
Financial Leasing Co., Ltd., approving to grant maximum comprehensive credit lines of RMB20 billion
to Zhejiang Zheyin Financial Leasing Co., Ltd. For details, please refer to the Announcement on Related
Party Transactions of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. (Announcement Number: 2025-050) published by
the Company on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (www.sse.com.cn).
146    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Directors’ Report


               During the reporting period, at the seventh meeting of the seventh session of the Board, the Company
               considered and passed the Proposal on the Bank’s Credit Plan to the Related Parties of Zhejiang
               Seaport Group, approving to grant maximum comprehensive credit lines of RMB6.23 billion to Zhejiang
               Seaport Group, of which the newly added maximum comprehensive credit lines for the 5 credit receivers
               at the meeting was RMB3.87 billion. For details, please refer to the Announcement on Related Party
               Transactions of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. (Announcement Number: 2025-061) published by the
               Company on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (www.sse.com.cn).

               Details of related party transactions entered into by the Company as of December 31, 2025 are set out
               in “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements – Related Party Relationship and Transactions”.

               Connected Transactions in Acquisition and Disposal of Assets or Equity
               During the reporting period, the Company did not conduct any connected transaction involving the
               acquisition and disposal of assets or equity.

               Connected Transactions in relation to Joint External Investment
               During the reporting period, at the fifth extraordinary meeting of the seventh session of the Board of
               Directors of the Company in 2025, the “Proposal on Connected Transaction of Capital Increase by the
               Bank in Zhejiang Zheyin Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.” was considered and passed, whereby the Company
               and Zhoushan Marine Comprehensive Development and Investment Co., Ltd. intended to jointly
               increase the capital of Zhejiang Zheyin Financial Leasing Co., Ltd., and the Company’s related party
               Zhejiang Provincial Innovation Investment Group Co., Ltd. would not participate in this capital increase
               subscription. The Company intended to make a maximum capital contribution of not more than RMB1.02
               billion this time. For further details, please refer to the “Announcement of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.
               on Proposed Capital Increase in a Controlling Subsidiary and Connected Transaction” (Announcement
               Number: 2025-036) published by the Company on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (www.sse.com.cn).
               As of September 1, 2025, the Company has completed the signing of the capital increase subscription
               agreement with Zheyin Financial Leasing. For further details, please refer to the “Announcement on the
               Progress of Capital Increase in a Controlling Subsidiary and Connected Transaction of China Zheshang
               Bank Co., Ltd.” (Announcement Number: 2025-044) published by the Company on the Shanghai Stock
               Exchange (www.sse.com.cn).

               Connected Creditor’s Rights and Liabilities
               During the reporting period, the Company did not have any non-operational connected creditor’s rights
               and liabilities.

      (XI)     Transactions, Arrangements or Contractual Interest and Service
               Contracts of Directors and Supervisors
               During the reporting period, the Directors or Supervisors or any entities connected with the Directors or
               Supervisors had no material interest, directly or indirectly, in any significant transactions, arrangements or
               contracts entered into by the Company with respect to the Company’s business. None of the Directors
               and Supervisors has entered into any service contract with the Company that is not terminable by the
               Company within one year without payment of compensation (excluding statutory compensation).
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025     147




                                                                                           Directors’ Report



(XII) Information on Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management
      Details of the Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the Company are set out in the section
      headed “Information on Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees and Institutions” in this
      annual report.

(XIII) Interests Owned by the Directors, Chief Executive and Supervisors
       in the Company
      As at December 31, 2025, the interests and short positions of the Directors, Supervisors and chief
      executives of the Company in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or its
      associated corporations (as defined in the SFO), which are required to be notified to the Company and
      Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO, including the interests
      or short positions which the Directors, Supervisors and chief executives of the Company are taken or
      deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO, or which are required to be and are recorded in
      the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO or as otherwise
      required to be notified to the Company and Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code set
      out in Appendix C3 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules, were as follows:

                                                                                                   Percentage
                                                                                                         of the Percentage
                                                                                                      relevant of the total
                                                                                                      class of     ordinary
                                                                                            No. of      issued      shares
                                            Class of   Long/short                          Shares      shares      in issue
      Name            Position              shares     position        Capacity           (shares)          (%)         (%)


      Chen Haiqiang   Chairman, Executive   A Share    Long position   Beneficial Owner   918,200       0.0043      0.0033
                        Director
      Ma Hong         Executive Director    A Share    Long position   Beneficial Owner   180,970       0.0008      0.0007
      Wu Fanghua      Employee Supervisor   A Share    Long position   Beneficial Owner   116,900       0.0005      0.0004
      Du Quan         Employee Supervisor   A Share    Long position   Beneficial Owner    66,200       0.0003      0.0002
      Chen Zhong      Employee Supervisor   A Share    Long position   Beneficial Owner    16,900       0.0001      0.0001
                                            H Share    Long position   Beneficial Owner   110,000       0.0019      0.0004


(XIV) Directors’ Interests in Businesses Competing with the Company
      None of the Directors of the Company hold any interest in any business which, directly or indirectly,
      competes or may compete with businesses of the Company.

(XV) Directors’ and Supervisors’ Rights to Acquire Shares or Debentures
      As of the end of the reporting period, none of the Directors and Supervisors had the rights to acquire
      shares or debentures of the Company and its associated corporations (within the meaning of the SFO).

(XVI) Permitted Indemnity Provisions
      The Company has purchased appropriate liability insurance to indemnify its Directors, Supervisors and
      senior management in respect of the liabilities arising from engaging in the activities of the Company.
      Such arrangements remained effective as at the end of the reporting period.
148    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Directors’ Report



      (XVII) Management Contracts
               Save as the service contracts entered into with the Directors and employees, the Company has not
               entered into any contract with any person, company or corporation in order to manage or deal with the
               whole or any material portion of any business of the Company.

      (XVIII) Reserves and Distributable Reserves
               For details of the changes in the Group’s reserves and distributable reserves, please see “Financial
               Report – Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity”.

      (XIX) Fixed Assets (Properties and Equipment)
               For details of the changes in the Group’s fixed assets (properties and equipment), please see “Note VI to
               Financial Report – 9 Fixed Assets”.

      (XX) Employment of Accounting Firms
               According to its resolutions passed at the 2024 annual general meeting, the Company engaged KPMG
               Huazhen LLP and KPMG as the auditors to audit the annual financial statements of the Company for
               2025 prepared in accordance with the China Accounting Standards and International Financial Reporting
               Accounting Standards, respectively. Since 2020, the Company has engaged the above accounting firms
               as the Company’s auditors. Pan Sheng and Jin Rui are the certified public accountants who signed the
               audit report on the Company’s financial statements for 2025 prepared in accordance with the China
               Accounting Standards. Pan Sheng has been serving as the signing certified public accountant of the
               Company since 2025, and Jin Rui since 2023.

               The financial statements of the Company for 2025 prepared under the China Accounting Standards and
               the internal control of the Company as at the benchmark date of 2025 were audited by KPMG Huazhen
               LLP, and the financial statements for 2025 prepared under International Financial Reporting Accounting
               Standards were audited by KPMG. The total audit fees amounted to approximately RMB6,980,000,
               including audit service fees for annual financial report, review service fees for half-year financial report
               and audit service fees for internal control, among which the audit service fees for internal control were
               approximately RMB1,000,000. For the current year, the Company paid the total non-audit fees of
               approximately RMB2,060,000 to KPMG Huazhen LLP and KPMG. KPMG Huazhen LLP and KPMG
               confirmed that the provision of such non-audit services would not compromise their audit independence.

      (XXI) Use of Proceeds Raised
               No new ordinary shares were issued during the reporting period.

      (XXII) Debentures Issued
               Please refer to “Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders – Issue of Bonds” of this Report for
               details about the debentures issued by the Company.

      (XXIII) Compliance with the Laws and Regulations
               As of the end of the reporting period, to the best knowledge of the Company, we have complied with all
               relevant laws and regulations which could materially affect the Company in all major aspects.
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025     149




                                                                                             Directors’ Report



(XXIV) Performance of Social Responsibilities
          The Bank actively practices the political responsibility and people-centered nature of financial work,
          adheres to the vision of a “first-class commercial bank” as its guiding principle, fully integrates the
          concepts of Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) into its daily corporate operation and
          management, practically fulfills its social responsibilities, and continuously promotes high-quality financial
          development. In 2025, the Bank’s MSCI ESG rating jumped to AAA, and it was awarded the first prize for
          supporting Zhejiang’s economic and social development for ten consecutive years.

          For further details, please refer to the “CZB Annual Sustainability Report 2025” published on the
          Shanghai Stock Exchange, the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the Company’s website.

1.        Environmental Information
          The Bank actively responds to the national strategic goals of carbon peak and carbon neutrality, deeply
          practices the concept of green development, guides financial resources into green and low-carbon areas,
          optimizes the structure of capital supply, effectively makes great efforts in green finance, and assists in
          the green and low-carbon transformation of the economy and society. During the reporting period, the
          Bank did not commit any environmental violations.

(1)       Green Finance
          In 2025, the Bank revised the “CZB Green Finance Development Strategy and Implementation Outline”
          and issued the “CZB Implementation Plan for High-Quality Development of Green Finance” to further
          improve the green finance management structure, clarify the green finance development strategy,
          medium and long-term goals, short-term goals, and key work measures, and deeply promote the
          high-quality development of green finance; continuously cultivated green finance business, and built a
          “Green+” diversified product and service system covering green credit, green bonds, green bills, green
          leasing, green supply chain, and green consumption; strengthened credit guidance, included green
          and low-carbon basic industries into the “Priority Support Industries” in the basic credit policy, overall
          allocated resources, and set up assessment and incentive policies to guide branches to actively invest
          in energy conservation, carbon reduction, environmental protection, and other green and low-carbon
          areas. As of the end of 2025, the balance of the Bank’s green loans1 amounted to RMB256.835 billion,
          representing an increase of RMB19.045 billion or 8.01% over the beginning of the year, which was
          higher than the growth of all loans; underwrote green bonds of RMB5.575 billion; issued green bonds
          of RMB5 billion with a AAA bond rating; cumulatively issued 19,000 green and low-carbon credit cards;
          successfully issued a green finance-themed wealth management product, and the wealth management
          business invested a total of RMB1.804 billion in green bonds.




Note1: Since 2025, the Bank’s green loans are measured in accordance with the revised new standards stipulated in the Notice
       of the Survey and Statistics Department of the People’s Bank of China on Adjusting the Special Statistics for Green
       Loans (Yin Tiao Fa [2025] No. 7). The relevant comparative data are also based on the new standards.
150    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Directors’ Report


      (2)      Green Operation
               The Bank comprehensively promotes green operations. By building a digital and intelligent operations
               management platform, we have comprehensively advanced the digitalization of seals. In 2025, we
               completed 81,514 seal applications for the specialized electronic confirmation seal, and the pilot
               program for electronic voucher accounting data saved 1.93 tons of paper throughout the year; promoted
               the construction of green branches, and encouraged branches in various regions to carry out “zero-
               carbon” branch construction. In 2025, Lishui Branch and Jinhua Branch were evaluated as “zero-
               carbon” branches, and Huzhou Branch was set up as a demonstration bank of green finance reform and
               innovation; transmitted green concepts and practiced green procurement by setting environmental and
               social responsibility criteria in procurement documents; adhered to green office practices, advocated
               saving and recycling; and actively transmitted green and environmental protection concepts to
               customers, employees, and suppliers. In 2025, our office system operations saved 46.10 tons of paper.

      (3)      ESG Risk Management
               The Bank continues to establish and improve its ESG risk management system, integrates ESG risk
               management into the comprehensive risk management system, covering due diligence, review and
               approval, contracting, loan disbursement management, post-lending management and other procedures,
               to strengthen the identification, assessment, monitoring, and prevention of related risks; clarifies the
               classification management and dynamic assessment mechanism of ESG risk in the “CZB Environmental,
               Social and Governance Risk Management Measures” to dynamically adjust the classification level of
               customers’ ESG risks and formulate corresponding mitigation measures.

      2.       Information on Social Responsibility
               The Bank actively fulfills its social responsibilities, solidly makes great efforts in the “Five Finances” of
               finance, and actively promotes sustainable development practices in various aspects such as serving the
               real economy, rural revitalization, human capital development, and social feedback, to contribute greater
               value to the high-quality development of society.

      (1)      Serving the real economy
               The Bank fully promotes the “Five Finances” of technology finance, green finance, inclusive finance,
               pension finance, and digital finance, and continuously enhances the quality and efficiency of serving key
               areas and weak links in the real economy. We issued the “Technology Finance Development Action Plan”
               to provide services for technology-based enterprises through a layered, classified, and phased service
               strategy; focused on key scenarios for micro and small enterprises, and iteratively upgraded the inclusive
               micro and small customer acquisition and business development model through “digital empowerment,
               scenario-based customer acquisition, and comprehensive operations”; paid attention to the multi-level
               pension finance needs of the silver-haired customer group, enriched the pension finance product system,
               and promoted the elderly-friendly transformation of business branches; taking digitalization as the
               main line, we deeply advanced the construction of digital scenarios, and deepened the scenario-based
               application of digital technologies such as big data, cloud platforms, and artificial intelligence. As of the
               end of 2025, the Bank had served 35,774 technology-based enterprises with a technology loan balance
               of RMB270.807 billion; served 4,290 high-level talents; and the balance of loans to key inclusive sectors
               was RMB358.198 billion.
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025    151




                                                                                       Directors’ Report


(2)   Support rural revitalization
      The Bank actively responds to the rural revitalization strategy and continuously explores new models of
      financial services for rural revitalization. We formulate rural revitalization work goals and key tasks year by
      year, and increase the input of agriculture-supporting resources; continuously strengthen the guidance
      of credit policies, and include industries related to rural revitalization into priority support industries;
      strengthen incentive and preferential policies, and establish separate credit plans for agriculture-related
      and inclusive agriculture-related lending. As of the end of 2025, the balance of agriculture-related loans
      from the Bank reached RMB175.300 billion, an increase of 3.06%; the balance of inclusive agriculture-
      related loans was RMB48.169 billion, an increase of 6.47%; both achieving steady growth.

      The Bank fully implements the decisions and deployments of the CPC Central Committee, the State
      Council, as well as the provincial committee and government. Guided by the “Thousand Village
      Demonstration and Ten Thousand Village Renovation Project,” we systematically advance rural
      revitalization work. We comprehensively deepened strategic cooperation with Longyou and Suichang
      counties, and promoted the implementation of assistance measures and projects such as the conclusion
      of assistance for five villages in Longyou, paired assistance for Linggen Village, and educational public
      welfare assistance in Suichang; solidly advanced the collaborative paired assistance between the eastern
      and western regions of Zhejiang and Sichuan, achieving phased results in areas such as industrial
      cultivation, collective income growth, and livelihood improvement; deeply implemented the “One Bank,
      One School” educational support initiative, forming partnerships to assist 33 schools in mountainous
      and island counties of Zhejiang, Guizhou, Sichuan, Gansu, and other places. Combining with the actual
      situation of rural education, we continuously innovated methods of student assistance, and organized
      characteristic activities such as employee short-term volunteer teaching and study summer camps. To
      date, we have cumulatively invested over RMB49 million to comprehensively assist in improving the
      campus environment and teaching quality, benefiting over 10,000 students.

(3)   Protection of consumer rights and interests
      The Bank deeply practices the original mission of “finance for the people”, adheres to “financial
      services for good and consumer protection for the people”, and continuously improves the consumer
      protection system and optimizes service processes. We have established a sound consumer protection
      system, building a consumer protection institutional framework comprehensively covering aspects
      such as “institutional mechanisms, suitability management, marketing behavior management, dispute
      resolution, financial education, consumer services, and personal information protection”; built a
      consumer rights protection review mechanism for products and services to shift the consumer rights
      protection checkpoint to an earlier stage; innovated consumer protection publicity forms, focused on
      key groups such as teenagers, college students, new citizens, people with disabilities, the elderly, and
      people in remote areas to actively promote the popularization of financial knowledge, and conducted
      targeted characteristic financial education activities. Throughout the year, we organized more than 5,600
      centralized education and publicity activities, such as “March 15”, “May 15”, “September 15”, “Publicity
152     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Directors’ Report


                 Month for Preventing Illegal Financial Activities”, and “Ten Thousand Miles of Popularizing Financial
                 Knowledge”, reaching consumers over 138.66 million times; established a complete internal training
                 mechanism for financial consumer rights protection, and provided targeted training to all customer-facing
                 employees every year. As of the end of 2025, the whole bank had conducted a total of 1,045 training
                 sessions related to the protection of financial consumer rights and interests, with 114,000 employee
                 attendances in total. The Bank has established a normalized and standardized audit mechanism for
                 consumer protection by incorporating consumer protection audits into its regular and annual audit scope,
                 and has formulated the “CZBank Internal Audit Standards No. 17 - Audit of Consumer Protection Work”.
                 The Bank has conducted a special audit of its consumer protection work in 2025.

                 The Bank has established and improved a customer complaint management system, strengthened the
                 construction of the complaint management team, handled complaints in a timely and proper manner, and
                 practically protected the legitimate rights and interests of consumers. In 2025, the Bank received a total
                 of 92,462 complaints, with a 100% acceptance and settlement rate of customer complaints.

                 The following table shows the complaints by geographic region:

                                                               No. of                                             No. of
                                                           complaints                                         complaints
                 Region                                       case(s)    Region                                  case(s)


                 Yangtze River Delta Region1                    85,486   Bohai Rim Region                           2,000
                 Midwestern China Region                         3,788   Pearl River Delta and Economic             1,188
                                                                           Zone on the Western Coast of
                                                                           the Taiwan Straits

                 By category, complaints about loans and debt collection services accounted for 43.21%, complaints
                 about fee from bank cards accounted for 39.70%, and complaints about other types of services such as
                 payment settlement accounted for 17.09%.




      Note1: Including complaints from departments at the head office.
                                                                                               Annual Report 2025    153




                                                                                     Directors’ Report


(4)   Privacy and data security
      The Bank strictly implements the relevant requirements for data security management, customer
      information protection, and consumer financial information protection, establishes a data security
      governance system and management system adapted to business development goals, and integrates
      data security into the comprehensive risk management system and internal control evaluation system;
      regularly carries out data security and risk management audits, strictly determines the scope, quantity,
      and frequency of data acquisition in accordance with the principle of “minimum necessity”; improves
      the data security system. During the reporting period, released a series of institutional documents such
      as the “Detailed Implementation Rules for Classified and Graded Data Management of China Zheshang
      Bank,” the “Technical Specifications for Data Security Protection of China Zheshang Bank,” and the “Data
      Security Management Measures of China Zheshang Bank (2025 Edition).”

      The Bank has established a business continuity, network security, and data security incident response
      service system and management system, and regularly carries out emergency drills and training; actively
      launched the “Cybersecurity Guarantee Training during Important Periods for China Zheshang Bank in
      2025” to popularize regulatory requirements, common risks, and risk prevention and control measures
      regarding data security and personal customer financial information protection to the entire bank; clarified
      the whole-process disposal flow and mechanism for network security, data security, and information
      security incidents, and regularly carried out specialized incident emergency drills. The Bank has passed
      certifications for the ISO20000 Information Technology Service Management System, ISO22301 Business
      Continuity Management System, ISO27001 Information Security Management System, and ISO27701
      Privacy Information Management System.

(5)   Human resource development
      The Bank adheres to a people-oriented approach, has built a systematic, professional, and diversified
      talent training system, and focuses on the key enhancement of employees’ core skills at different
      stages. We formulated a full-lifecycle career plan for key talents covering “three five-year” periods,
      and continuously standardized the training system and mechanism for campus-recruited college
      students; established and improved the “Double Hundred and Double Thousand” talent pool, and
      initiated key talent training at all levels; discovered young talents through multiple channels via two-
      way exchange of positions and internal open competition; carried out the construction of a professional
      talent team and unblocked the conversion channel between professional and management sequences;
      continuously strengthened talent training to enhance comprehensive capabilities, regularly conducted
      employee cohesion surveys every year, and continuously optimized the internal communication platform
      “Honeycomb Community.”

      Focusing on the 1234 full-lifecycle training system, guided by serving the whole bank’s strategy and
      led by Party building, we strengthened AI digital and intelligent empowerment, deepened talent pipeline
      training, and promoted the construction of the instructor-course system. Throughout the year, we
      implemented 3,151 training programs, with 939,700 employee attendances in the trainings, and the
      proportion of employees receiving training reached 100%.
154    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Directors’ Report



      (XXV) Miscellaneous
               (1)   As of the date of this report, the Company was not aware that any Shareholders had waived or
                     agreed to waive any dividend arrangement.

               (2)   As of the date of this report, none of the Directors waived or agreed to waive the related
                     remuneration arrangements.

               (3)   During the reporting period, there are no collateral and pledges of significant assets of the
                     Company.
                                                                                               Annual Report 2025   155




                                             Report of the Supervisory Committee


During the reporting period, the supervisory committee has proactively and effectively carried out supervision on
the duty performance of the Board of Directors and the senior management of the Company, financial activities,
risk management, internal control and lawful operation pursuant to the Company Law of the People’s Republic of
China, the Articles of Association of the Company and the supervisory duties delegated by relevant supervisory
authorities.

(I)      Legal Operation
         Our Company operated in accordance with law, and our decision-making procedure was compliant with
         the relevant provisions in the Company Law of the People’s Republic of China, the Commercial Banking
         Law of the People’s Republic of China and the Articles of Association of the Company. No evidence
         was found of any violations of laws or regulations, or of any conduct intentionally detrimental to the
         Company’s interests by the Directors, President or other Senior Management during the performance of
         their duties.

(II)     Truthfulness of Financial Statements
         The 2025 annual financial report of our Company truthfully reflected the financial position and the
         operating results of the Company during the reporting period, and had been audited by KPMG Huazhen
         LLP and KPMG, who had issued standard unqualified auditing reports.

(III) Use of Proceeds Raised
         During the reporting period, the application of funds raised by the Company was consistent with the
         purposes committed in the prospectus of the Company.

(IV) Acquisition and Sale of Assets
         No insider trading or behavior harming the interests of some Shareholders was found in the major
         acquisitions of the Company.

(V)      Connected Transactions
         The connected transactions of our Company were conducted in a fair and reasonable way and were in
         compliance with national laws and regulations and the Articles of Association of the Company, and the
         supervisory committee was not aware of any behaviors which were not conducted on an arm’s length
         basis or were detrimental to the interests of the Company and Shareholders.

(VI) Internal Control System
         The supervisory committee had reviewed the “Internal Control Evaluation Report of China Zheshang
         Bank for 2025”, and concurred with the Board of Directors’ representations regarding the completeness,
         reasonableness, effectiveness and implementation of the internal control system of the Company.

(VII) Implementation of Resolutions Passed at Shareholders ’ General
      Meetings
         The supervisory committee had no objection to the reports or proposals submitted by the Board of
         Directors to the Shareholders’ general meeting in 2025. It supervised the implementation of resolutions
         passed at the Shareholders’ general meetings and was of the opinion that the Board of Directors had
         implemented the relevant resolutions earnestly.
156    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Significant Events


      (I)      Material Litigations and Arbitrations
               The Company is involved in a number of legal proceedings/arbitrations in the ordinary course of its
               operations, most of which are initiated by the Company to recover non-performing loans, including
               litigation/arbitration arising from customer disputes and other reasons.

               As of the end of the reporting period, there were totally 87 pending litigations/arbitrations (excluding
               cases involving enforcement opposition and the third parties) where the Company was a defendant, and
               the total value was RMB677.3878 million, which are not expected to have a material adverse impact on
               the Company’s business, financial position or operating results.

      (II)     Material Contracts and Their Performance
      1.       Significant Events Relating to Custody, Contracting and Leasing
               During the reporting period, the Company did not engage in any significant events concerning the
               custody, contracting and lease of other companies’ assets that is required to be disclosed, nor was
               there any such matters where other companies’ custody, contracting and lease of the Company’s assets
               required to be disclosed.

      2.       Significant Guarantees
               Guarantee business is part of the Company’s routine business. During the reporting period, save for
               the financial guarantee business carried out by the Company within the business scope approved by
               the regulatory authorities, the Company did not engage in other significant guarantees required to be
               disclosed.

      (III) Misappropriation of Non-Operating Funds of the Company by
            Controlling Shareholders and Other Related Parties
               During the reporting period, the Company did not have any non-operating misappropriation of the
               Company’s funds by the controlling shareholders and other related parties, and KPMG Huazhen LLP
               (being an auditor of the Company) has issued a special review opinion for this purpose.

      (IV) Significant Acquisitions, Sales or Disposals of Assets and Business
           Combination
               There were no material acquisitions, sales or disposals of assets and no business combinations during
               the reporting period.
                                                                                              Annual Report 2025   157




                                                                                  Significant Events



(V)    Equity Incentive Plan
       During the reporting period, the Company did not implement an equity incentive plan.

(VI) Employee Stock Ownership Plan
       During the reporting period, the Company did not implement an employee stock ownership plan.

(VII) Disciplinary Actions Imposed on the Company or Its Directors,
      Supervisors, Senior Management and Shareholders Holding 5% or
      more Shares in the Company
       No significant administrative penalty was imposed and no notice of criticism was circulated by any
       regulatory authority upon the Company or the Board of Directors and the Directors, supervisory
       committee, the Supervisors and senior management of the Company and Shareholders holding 5% or
       more shares during the reporting period.

(VIII) Performance of the Undertakings
       No.

(IX)   Review of Annual Results
       KPMG Huazhen LLP and KPMG have audited the financial statements of the Company prepared in
       accordance with the China Accounting Standards and the International Financial Reporting Accounting
       Standards respectively, and issued standard unqualified auditing reports. The Board of Directors and
       the Audit Committee have reviewed the results and financial report of the Company for the year ended
       December 31, 2025.

(X)    Annual General Meeting
       For the convening of its 2025 annual general meeting of the Company, the Company will make further
       announcement.

(XI)   Publishing the Annual Report
       The English and Chinese version of the annual report prepared by the Company in accordance with the
       International Financial Reporting Accounting Standards and Hong Kong Listing Rules will be available on
       the website of Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the Company’s website.

       The Chinese version of the annual report prepared by the Company in accordance with the China
       Accounting Standards and the Rules for the Preparation of Annual Reports will be available on the
       website of Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Company’s website.
158     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Independent Auditor’s Report


      To the Shareholders of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.
      (Incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)

      Opinion
      We have audited the consolidated financial statements of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. (the “Bank”) and its
      subsidiaries (the “Group”), which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position at 31 December 2025,
      the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of
      changes in equity and the consolidated cash flow statement for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated
      financial statements, comprising material accounting policy information and other explanatory information.

      In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position
      of the Group at 31 December 2025, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows
      for the year then ended in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the International Accounting
      Standards Board (IFRS Accounting Standards) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure
      requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

      Basis for Opinion
      We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (“ISAs”) issued by the International
      Auditing and Assurance Standards Board. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in
      the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We
      are independent of the Group in accordance with the International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants
      (including International Independence Standards) issued by the International Ethics Standards Board for
      Accountants (“IESBA Code”) as applicable to audits of financial statements of public interest entities. We have also
      fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with IESBA Code. We believe that the audit evidence we
      have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
                                                                                              Annual Report 2025   159




                                                                 Independent Auditor’s Report



Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit
of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of
our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not
provide a separate opinion on these matters.


 Measurement of allowance for expected credit losses for loans and advances to customers and financial
 investments measured at amortised cost

 Refer to accounting policies in Note IV.6(6) Impairment of financial assets and Note V Significant Accounting
 Judgements and Estimates and Note VI.17 Loans and Advances to Customers and Note VI.18.2 Financial
 investments measured at amortised cost.

 Key audit matter                                     How the matter was addressed in our audit

 The Group uses the expected credit loss (“ECL”)      Our audit procedures in relation to ECL allowance
 model to calculate a loss allowance for expected     for loans and advances to customers and financial
 credit losses for loans and advances to customers    investments measured at amortised cost included the
 and financial investments measured at amortised      following:
 cost.
                                                      •   understanding and assessing the key internal
 The determination of the loss allowance is subject       controls of financial reporting over the process and
 to the application of a number of key parameters         the measurement of ECL allowance for loans and
 and assumptions, including the identification            advances to customers and financial investments
 of loss stages, probability of default, loss given       measured at amortised cost.
 default, exposures at default and discount
 rate, forward-looking adjustments on economic        •   involving KPMG information technology ( “IT”)
 indicators, economic scenarios and weightings            specialists to assess the design, implementation and
 and other adjustment factors. Management                 operating effectiveness of relevant IT systems for
 judgement is involved in the selection of                ECL allowance for loans and advances to customers
 those parameters and the application of the              and financial investments measured at amortised
 assumptions.                                             cost.

 The determination of the ECL model is heavily        •   involving KPMG financial risk management specialists
 dependent on the macroeconomic environment               to assess the appropriateness of the ECL model and
 and the Group’s internal credit risk management          the parameters used, evaluate the key management
 strategy. The ECL of corporate loans and                 judgements involved.
 advances, financial investments measured at
 amortised cost in stage one and stage two and
 all personal loans and advances are derived from
 estimates including probability of default, loss
 given default, exposures at default and discount
 rate. The ECL of corporate loans and advances
 and financial investments measured at amortised
 cost in stage three are derived from estimates
 whereby taken into consideration cash flows
 expected to be received and discount rate.
160    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Independent Auditor’s Report



      Measurement of allowance for expected credit losses for loans and advances to customers and financial
      investments measured at amortised cost (continued)

      Refer to accounting policies in Note IV.6(6) Impairment of financial assets and Note V Significant Accounting
      Judgements and Estimates and Note VI.17 Loans and Advances to Customers and Note VI.18.2 Financial
      investments measured at amortised cost.

      Key audit matter                                      How the matter was addressed in our audit

      Management also exercises judgement in                •   assessing the completeness and accuracy of data
      determining the quantum of loss given default             used for the key parameters in the ECL model. For
      based on a range of factors. These include                key parameters derived from internal data relating to
      available remedies for recovery, the financial            original agreements, we compared the total balance
      situation of the borrower, the feasible collection        of the loans and advances to customers and financial
      measures, the recoverable amount of collateral,           investments measured at amortised cost list used by
      the seniority of the claim and the existence and          management with the general ledger to assess the
      cooperativeness of other creditors. Management            completeness of data. We also selecting items and
      refers to valuation reports issued by qualified           comparing the information of individual loans and
      third-party valuers and considers the influence           advances to customers and financial investments
      of various factors when assessing the value of            measured at amortised cost with the underlying
      collateral. The enforceability, timing and means of       agreements and other related documentation to
      realisation of collateral can also have an impact         assess the accuracy of data. For key parameters
      on the recoverable amount of collateral and,              derived from external data, we selected items to
      therefore, the amount of allowance for ECL at the         inspect the accuracy of such data by comparing
      end of the reporting period.                              them with public resources.

      We identified the measurement of allowance for        •   for key parameters used in the ECL model which
      ECL for loans and advances to customers and               were derived from system-generated internal
      financial investments measured at amortised cost          data, we involved KPMG IT specialists to assess
      as a key audit matter because of the inherent             the system logics and compilation of the overdue
      uncertainty and management judgement involved             information of loans and advances to customers and
      and because of its significance to the financial          financial investments measured at amortised cost.
      results and capital of the Group.
                                                            •   for key parameters involving judgement, seeking
                                                                evidence from external sources published by
                                                                statistical institutions and comparing to the Group’s
                                                                internal records including historical loss experience,
                                                                to evaluate the consistency of management’s
                                                                application of key assumptions and key parameters.

                                                            •   for economic and market factors used in the model,
                                                                assessing whether they were aligned with market
                                                                expectation and economic development.
                                                                                                Annual Report 2025   161




                                                                Independent Auditor’s Report



Measurement of allowance for expected credit losses for loans and advances to customers and financial
investments measured at amortised cost (continued)

Refer to accounting policies in Note IV.6(6) Impairment of financial assets and Note V Significant Accounting
Judgements and Estimates and Note VI.17 Loans and Advances to Customers and Note VI.18.2 Financial
investments measured at amortised cost.

Key audit matter                                    How the matter was addressed in our audit

                                                    •    evaluating the validity of management’s assessment
                                                         on whether the credit risk of the loans and advances
                                                         to customers and financial investments measure
                                                         at amortised cost has, or has not, increased
                                                         significantly since initial recognition, whether the loan
                                                         is credit-impaired and evaluate the loss allowance for
                                                         expected credit losses for credit-impaired loans and
                                                         advances to customers and financial investments by
                                                         selecting items to perform credit assessments. We
                                                         performed the credit assessments by checking the
                                                         overdue information, making enquiries of the credit
                                                         managers about the borrowers’ business operations,
                                                         checking borrowers’ financial information and
                                                         collaterals’ information.

                                                    •    assessing the reasonableness of the disclosures
                                                         in the financial statements in relation to the loss
                                                         allowance for expected credit losses for loans and
                                                         advances to customers and financial investments
                                                         measured at amortised cost with reference to
                                                         prevailing accounting standards.
162    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Independent Auditor’s Report



      Recognition of interests in and consolidation of structured entities

      Refer to the accounting policies in Note IV.3 Criteria for Control and the Preparation of Consolidated Financial
      Statements, Note V Significant Accounting Judgements and Estimates and Note VII.2 Interests in Structured
      Entities.

      Key audit matter                                         How the matter was addressed in our audit

      Structured entities are generally created to             Our audit procedures to assess the recognition of interests
      achieve a narrow and well defined objective with         in and consolidation of structured entities included the
      restrictions around their ongoing activities.            following:

      The Group may acquire an ownership interest              •    understanding and assessing the key controls
      in, act as a sponsor to, a structured entity,                 of financial reporting over the consolidation of
      through initiating or investing shares in a                   structured entities.
      wealth management product, a fund, an asset
      management plan, a trust plan, or an asset-              •    selecting items of significant structured entities
      backed security. The Group may also retain                    of key product type and performing the following
      partial interests in derecognized assets due to               procedures for selected items:
      guarantees or securitization structures.
                                                                    –    inspecting the related contracts, internal
      In determining whether the Group should retain                     establishment documents and information
      any partial interests in a structured entity or should             disclosed to the investors to understand the
      consolidate a structured entity, management is                     purpose of the establishment of the structured
      required to consider the power the Group is able                   entity and the involvement the Group has
      to exercise over the activities of the entity, and its             with the structured entity and to assess
      exposure to and ability to influence the Group’s                   management’s judgement over whether the
      own returns from the entity. These factors are not                 Group has the ability to exercise power over the
      purely quantitative and need to be considered                      structured entity.
      collectively in the overall substance of the
      transactions.                                                 –    inspecting the risk and reward structure of
                                                                         the structured entity including any capital or
                                                                         return guarantee, provision of liquidity support,
                                                                         commission paid and distribution of the returns
                                                                         to assess management’s judgement as to
                                                                         exposure, or rights, to variable returns from the
                                                                         Group’s involvement in such an entity.
                                                                                                Annual Report 2025   163




                                                                  Independent Auditor’s Report



Recognition of interests in and consolidation of structured entities (continued)

Refer to the accounting policies in Note IV.3 Criteria for Control and the Preparation of Consolidated Financial
Statements, Note V Significant Accounting Judgements and Estimates and Note VII.2 Interests in Structured
Entities.

Key audit matter                                      How the matter was addressed in our audit

We identified the recognition of interests in and         –    inspecting management’s analysis of the
consolidation of structured entities as a key audit            structured entity, including qualitative analysis
matter because of the complex nature of these                  and the calculation of the magnitude and
structured entities and because of the judgement               variability associated with the Group’s economic
exercised by management in the qualitative                     interests in the structured entity, to assess
assessment of the terms and the nature of each                 management’s judgement over the Group’s
entity.                                                        ability to influence its own returns from the
                                                               structured entity.

                                                          –    assessing management’s judgement over
                                                               whether the structured entity should be
                                                               consolidated or not.

                                                      •   assessing the reasonableness of the disclosures in
                                                          the financial statements in relation to the recognition
                                                          of interests in and consolidation of structured entities
                                                          with reference to prevailing accounting standards.
164    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Independent Auditor’s Report



      Valuation of financial instruments measured at fair value

      Refer to accounting policies in Note V Significant Accounting Judgements and Estimates and Note XV Fair Value
      of Financial Instruments.

      Key audit matter                                        How the matter was addressed in our audit

      Financial instruments carried at fair value account     Our audit procedures to assess the fair value of financial
      for a significant part of the Group’s assets and        instruments included the following:
      liabilities. The effect of fair value adjustments of
      financial instruments may impact either the profit      •    understanding and assessing the design,
      or loss or other comprehensive income.                       implementation and operating effectiveness of
                                                                   key internal controls of financial reporting over the
      The valuation of the Group’s financial instruments,          valuation of financial instruments.
      held at fair value, is based on a combination of
      market data and valuation models which often            •    evaluating the fair value of level 1 financial
      require a considerable number of inputs. Many of             instruments, by comparing the fair values applied by
      these inputs are obtained from readily available             the Group with publicly available market data.
      data, in particular for level 1 and level 2 financial
      instruments in the fair value hierarchy, the            •    evaluating the fair value of level 2 and level 3
      valuation techniques for which use quoted market             financial instruments on sample basis, by evaluating
      prices and observable inputs, respectively. Where            the Group’s valuation models, obtaining inputs
      one or more significant inputs are unobservable              independently and verifying inputs, comparing
      in the valuation techniques, as in the case of               our valuation results with the Group’s results, and
      level 3 financial instruments, then estimates need           engaging KPMG valuation specialists to conduct
      to be developed which can involve significant                independent revaluation.
      management judgement.
                                                              •    assessing the reasonableness of the disclosures
      The Group has applied relevant models to value               in the financial statements in relation to fair value
      certain level 2 and level 3 financial instruments,           of financial instruments with reference to prevailing
      which also involve significant management                    accounting standards.
      judgement.

      We identified the fair value of financial instruments
      as a key audit matter because of the degree of
      complexity involved in valuing certain financial
      instruments and because of the degree of
      judgement exercised by management in
      determining the inputs used in the valuation
      models.
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025    165




                                                                    Independent Auditor’s Report



Information Other Than the Consolidated Financial Statements and
Auditor’s Report Thereon
The Directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all the information included
in the annual report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express
any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated
financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other
information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

Responsibilities of the Directors for the Consolidated Financial Statements
The Directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair
view in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards issued by IASB and the disclosure requirements of the Hong
Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the Directors determine is necessary to enable the
preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or
error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the Directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability
to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going
concern basis of accounting unless the Directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or
have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The Directors are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing the Group’s
financial reporting process.

Auditor ’ s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial
Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a
whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that
includes our opinion. This report is made solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume
responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.

Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance
with ISAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error
and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the
economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.
166       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Independent Auditor’s Report


      As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional
      scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

      •           Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
                  due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks and obtain audit
                  evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting
                  a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may
                  involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

      •           Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures
                  that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
                  effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

      •           Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
                  estimates and related disclosures made by the Directors.

      •           Conclude on the appropriateness of the Directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting
                  and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or
                  conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we
                  conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to
                  the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate,
                  to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our
                  auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a
                  going concern.

      •           Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements,
                  including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying
                  transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

      •           Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial
                  information of the entities or business units within the group as a basis for forming an opinion on the
                  group financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work
                  performed for the purpose of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025    167




                                                                      Independent Auditor’s Report


We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the
audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during
our audit.

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence and communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be
thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards
applied.

From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the
key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public
disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be
communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to
outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Pang, Shing Chor, Eric.




Certified Public Accountants

8th Floor, Prince’s Building
10 Chater Road
Central, Hong Kong

30 March 2026
168     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
      For the year ended 31 December 2025
      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                         Notes                2025       2024


      Interest income                                                                       101,633    110,697
      Interest expense                                                                      (57,174)   (65,540)


      NET INTEREST INCOME                                                 VI.1               44,459     45,157


      Fee and commission income                                                               5,943      5,961
      Fee and commission expense                                                             (2,191)    (1,474)


      NET FEE AND COMMISSION INCOME                                       VI.2                3,752      4,487


      Net trading gains                                                   VI.3                5,229     10,771
      Net gains on financial investments                                  VI.4                6,952      5,852
      Other operating income                                              VI.5                2,166      1,435


      OPERATING INCOME                                                                       62,558     67,702


      Operating expenses                                                  VI.6              (22,049)   (21,928)
      Expected credit losses                                              VI.7              (24,249)   (28,195)
      Impairment losses on other assets                                                        (131)         –


      PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION                                                                 16,129     17,579

      Income tax expense                                                  VI.10              (2,568)    (1,886)


      PROFIT FOR THE YEAR                                                                    13,561     15,693


      Attributable to:
        Shareholders of the Bank                                                             12,931     15,186
        Non-controlling interests                                                               630        507




      The notes on pages 175 to 317 form part of these consolidated financial statements.
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025         169




 Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2025
                                                                                 (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                   Notes                   2025                   2024

Other comprehensive income, net of tax                              VI.40
Item that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
Changes in the fair value of financial assets designated to be
   measured at fair value through other comprehensive income                                  33                     57
Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss:
Changes in the fair value of financial assets measured at
   fair value through other comprehensive income                                         (2,891)                 3,011
Allowance for ECLs of financial assets measured at
   fair value through other comprehensive income                                           (319)                   (496)
Exchange difference from the translation of foreign operations                             (545)                    368


Other comprehensive income, net of tax                                                   (3,722)                 2,940


Total comprehensive income                                                                9,839                 18,633


Total comprehensive income attributable to:
  Shareholders of the Bank                                                                9,212                 18,125
  Non-controlling interests                                                                 627                    508

Earnings per share attributable to the shareholders of
  the Bank                                                          VI.11
  Basic (RMB)                                                                              0.44                    0.52
  Diluted (RMB)                                                                            0.44                    0.52




The notes on pages 175 to 317 form part of these consolidated financial statements.
170     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
      At 31 December 2025
      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                     31 December        31 December
                                                                            Notes           2025               2024


      ASSETS
      Cash and balances with the central bank                               VI.12             125,704       129,691
      Precious metals                                                                          80,929        16,956
      Deposits with banks and other financial institutions                  VI.13              73,583        51,919
      Placements with banks and other financial institutions                VI.14               5,952        17,366
      Derivative financial assets                                           VI.15              27,551        41,692
      Financial assets purchased under resale agreements                    VI.16              90,599        68,407
      Loans and advances to customers                                       VI.17           1,883,237     1,812,684
      Financial investments                                                 VI.18
         – Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss                    229,795        228,873
         – Financial assets measured at amortised cost                                       454,851        469,159
         – Financial assets measured at fair value through
             other comprehensive income                                                      366,861        357,419
      Fixed assets                                                          VI.20             36,604         31,268
      Right-of-use assets                                                   VI.21              4,209          4,685
      Intangible assets                                                     VI.22              1,021            811
      Deferred tax assets                                                   VI.23             21,667         20,482
      Other assets                                                          VI.24             78,529         74,127


      TOTAL ASSETS                                                                          3,481,092     3,325,539


      LIABILITIES
      Due to the central bank                                               VI.26             102,206        77,821
      Deposits from banks and other financial institutions                  VI.27             344,374       366,940
      Placements from banks and other financial institutions                VI.28             117,459        95,841
      Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss            VI.29              55,960        21,196
      Derivative financial liabilities                                      VI.15              20,769        36,085
      Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements                     VI.30              53,209        35,287
      Customer deposits                                                     VI.31           2,043,466     1,922,289
      Employee benefits payable                                             VI.32               5,996         6,323
      Taxes payable                                                         VI.33               1,912         1,091
      Provisions                                                            VI.34                 884         1,094
      Debt securities issued                                                VI.35             512,953       541,533
      Lease liabilities                                                     VI.21               2,691         3,131
      Other liabilities                                                     VI.36              11,878        14,165


      TOTAL LIABILITIES                                                                     3,273,757     3,122,796




      The notes on pages 175 to 317 form part of these consolidated financial statements.
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025         171




                                            Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                                                                                                        At 31 December 2025
                                                                                    (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                31 December               31 December
                                                                   Notes               2025                      2024

EQUITY
Share capital                                                       VI.37                  27,464                  27,464
Other equity instruments                                            VI.38                  24,995                  24,995
  – Perpetual bonds                                                                        24,995                  24,995
Capital reserve                                                     VI.39                  38,570                  38,570
Other comprehensive income                                          VI.40                   2,628                   6,347
Surplus reserve                                                     VI.41                  15,231                  14,012
Statutory general reserve                                           VI.42                  37,919                  35,119
Retained earnings                                                   VI.43                  56,061                  52,396


Total equity attributable to shareholders of the Bank                                    202,868                 198,903
Non-controlling interests                                                                  4,467                   3,840


TOTAL EQUITY                                                                             207,335                 202,743


TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY                                                           3,481,092              3,325,539

The consolidated financial statements was approved by the board of directors on 30 March 2026:




      Chen Haiqiang                  Lyu Linhua                  Jing Feng                        Zhang Jian
        Chairman                  President (Acting)       Principal in-charge of               Director of the
                                                                  Finance                    Financial Department



The notes on pages 175 to 317 form part of these consolidated financial statements.
172      China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
      For the year ended 31 December 2025
      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                            Attributable to equity holders of the Bank
                                                                              Other                    Other                         Statutory                                  Non-
                                                                 Share        equity   Capital comprehensive           Surplus         general    Retained                Controlling
                                                     Notes      capital instruments    reserve       income            reserve         reserve    earnings    Subtotal      interests   Total equity


      Balance at 1 January 2025                                 27,464        24,995   38,570             6,347         14,012           35,119     52,396    198,903          3,840        202,743

      Changes in equity for the year

      1. Total comprehensive income
          – Profit for the year                                      –             –        –                 –               –               –     12,931     12,931            630         13,561
          – Other comprehensive income                               –             –        –            (3,719)              –               –          –     (3,719)            (3)        (3,722)
      2. Appropriation of profits
          – Appropriation to surplus reserve          VI.41          –             –        –                 –           1,219               –     (1,219)          –             –              –
          – Appropriation to statutory general
               reserve                                VI.42          –             –        –                 –               –           2,800     (2,800)          –             –              –
          – Distributions to ordinary shareholders   VI.43(1)        –             –        –                 –               –               –     (4,284)     (4,284)            –         (4,284)
          – Distributions to perpetual bond
               holders                               VI.43(2)        –             –        –                 –               –               –       (963)      (963)             –           (963)


      Balance at 31 December 2025                               27,464        24,995   38,570             2,628         15,231           37,919     56,061    202,868          4,467        207,335


      Balance at 1 January 2024                                 27,464        24,995   38,570             3,408         12,546           29,804     49,458    186,245          3,332        189,577

      Changes in equity for the year

      1. Total comprehensive income
          – Profit for the year                                      –             –        –                 –               –               –     15,186     15,186            507         15,693
          – Other comprehensive income                               –             –        –             2,939               –               –          –      2,939              1          2,940
      2. Appropriation of profits
          – Appropriation to surplus reserve          VI.41          –             –        –                 –           1,466               –     (1,466)          –             –              –
          – Appropriation to statutory general
               reserve                                VI.42          –             –        –                 –               –           5,315     (5,315)          –             –              –
          – Distributions to ordinary shareholders   VI.43(1)        –             –        –                 –               –               –     (4,504)     (4,504)            –         (4,504)
          – Distributions to perpetual bond
               holders                               VI.43(2)        –             –        –                 –               –               –       (963)       (963)            –           (963)


      Balance at 31 December 2024                               27,464        24,995   38,570             6,347         14,012           35,119     52,396    198,903          3,840        202,743




      The notes on pages 175 to 317 form part of these consolidated financial statements.
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025        173




                                                      Consolidated Cash Flow Statement
                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2025
                                                                                    (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                               2025                  2024


Cash flows from operating activities:
Profit before taxation                                                                      16,129                 17,579
Adjustments for:
  – Expected credit losses                                                                  24,249                 28,195
  – Other assets impairment losses                                                             131                        –
  – Depreciation and amortisation                                                            3,085                   2,472
  – Interest income from financial investments                                             (21,290)               (21,981)
  – Net investment income                                                                  (10,333)                 (9,954)
  – Net losses/(gains) from changes in fair value                                            1,255                  (3,516)
  – Net foreign exchange losses                                                                 39                     150
  – Net losses/(gains) on disposal of fixed assets                                              40                      (18)
  – Interest expense on debt securities issued                                              11,519                 11,427
  – Interest expense on lease liabilities                                                      105                     137
  – Deferred tax expense                                                                      (125)                   (155)

Net changes in operating assets and operating liabilities:
Net decrease in balances with the central bank                                              1,572                  15,747
Net increase in deposits with banks and other financial institutions                      (28,543)                  (4,755)
Net (increase)/decrease in placements with banks and other financial institutions          (3,113)                   4,753
Net decrease/(increase) in financial assets purchased under resale agreements               1,496                   (1,399)
Net increase in loans and advances to customers                                           (91,561)              (165,447)
Net (increase)/decrease in financial assets held for trading                              (40,674)                 20,321
Net decrease in other operating assets                                                      6,380                    3,033
Net increase/(decrease) in due to the central bank                                         24,362                 (41,899)
Net (decrease)/increase in deposits from banks and other financial institutions           (21,949)                   9,096
Net increase in placements from banks and other financial institutions                     20,189                  13,275
Net increase/(decrease) in financial assets sold under repurchase agreements               17,949                 (26,789)
Net increase in customer deposits                                                         118,103                  47,315
Net decrease in other operating liabilities                                               (39,317)                (14,332)


Net cash flows used in operating activities before taxation                                (10,302)             (116,745)

Income tax paid                                                                              (2,441)               (3,733)


Net cash used in operating activities                                                      (12,743)             (120,478)




The notes on pages 175 to 317 form part of these consolidated financial statements.
174     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Consolidated Cash Flow Statement
      For the year ended 31 December 2024
      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                          Note                   2025           2024


      Cash flows from investing activities:
      Dividends received                                                                            6              6
      Proceeds from disposal of fixed assets                                                      664          1,326
      Payment for acquisition of fixed assets, intangible assets and
        other long-term assets                                                                  (9,138)       (10,703)
      Investment returns received                                                               32,037         33,234
      Proceeds from disposal of investments                                                  2,691,095     2,169,033
      Payment for acquisition of investments                                                (2,655,240)   (2,237,335)


      Net cash generated from/(used in) investing activities                                   59,424        (44,439)


      Cash flows from financing activities:
      Proceeds from issuance of debt securities                                               489,328        630,284
      Repayments of principal on debt securities issued                                      (518,053)      (485,633)
      Repayments of interest on debt securities issued                                        (11,374)        (10,578)
      Payment for dividend distribution                                                        (5,278)          (5,469)
      Repayments of principal element of lease liabilities                                       (727)            (713)
      Repayments of interest element of lease liabilities                                        (105)            (137)


      Net cash (used in)/generated from financing activities                                   (46,209)     127,754


      Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                                (644)          337


      Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents                                                   (172)      (36,826)

      Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year            VI.44 (1)             133,635       170,461


      Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year                  VI.44 (1)             133,463       133,635


      Net cash flows from operating activities include:
        Interest received                                                                       79,691        88,105
        Interest paid                                                                          (43,383)      (48,593)




      The notes on pages 175 to 317 form part of these consolidated financial statements.
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025         175




                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement
                                                                                 (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


I   General Information
    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. (the “Bank”) is a national joint-stock commercial bank established on
    the basis of the original Zhejiang Commercial Bank with the approval from the original China Banking
    Regulatory Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the original CBRC”) and the original Zhejiang
    Commission of China Banking Regulatory Commission (Zhe Yin Jian Fu [2004] No. 48). The Bank
    obtained the Finance License (No. B0010H133010001) with the approval from the original CBRC. On
    26 July 2004, the Bank completed the change of registration in Zhejiang Administration for Industry
    and Commerce and obtained the Business License (No. 330000000013295) in Zhejiang Province, the
    People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”). On 7 November 2016, the Bank obtained the Uniform Social
    Credit Code (No.91330000761336668H). The registered address is 1788 Hongning Road, Xiaoshan
    District, Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province.

    The Bank was listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on 30 March 2016 with stock code of 2016, the
    Bank was listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange on 26 November 2019 with stock code of 601916.

    At 31 December 2025, the Bank has established 373 branches in 22 provinces (autonomous regions
    or municipalities) and Hong Kong in China, including 72 branches (30 of them are tier-one branches),
    2 branch-level specialized institution and 299 sub-branches. The principal activities of the Bank include
    corporate and retail banking, treasury business, and other banking service.

    Zhejiang Zheyin Financial Leasing Co., Ltd. (“Zheyin Financial Leasing”) was established on 18 January
    2017. At 31 December 2025, the registered capital of Zheyin Financial Leasing is RMB4 billion. Since the
    Bank has control over Zheyin Financial Leasing, the Bank has included it in the scope of the consolidated
    financial statements.

    Zheyin Wealth Management Co., Ltd. (“Zheyin Wealth Management”) was established on 27 January
    2025. At 31 December 2025, the registered capital of Zheyin Wealth Management is RMB2 billion. Since
    the Bank has control over Zheyin Wealth Management, the Bank has included it in the scope of the
    consolidated financial statements.

    The Bank and its subsidiaries are collectively referred to as “the Group”.
176       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      II           Basis of Preparation
      1            Statement of Compliance with the IFRS Accounting Standards
                   The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the IFRS Accounting
                   Standards issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”), applicable disclosure
                   requirements of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
                   Limited and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622).

      2            Basis of Preparation
                   The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis.

                   The consolidated financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention, except
                   for precious metals, derivative financial instruments, lease-in of precious metals in account caption of
                   placements from banks and other financial institutions, financial assets and financial liabilities measured
                   at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”), financial assets measured at fair value through other
                   comprehensive income (“FVOCI”) and financial assets measured at amortised cost (“AC”) designated as
                   hedged items in fair value hedge, as further explained in the respective accounting policies below.

                   The preparation of financial statements in conformity with IFRS Accounting Standards requires
                   management to make judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of policies and
                   reported amounts of assets and liabilities, income and expenses. Actual results may differ from these
                   estimates. Judgements made by management in the application of IFRS Accounting Standards that have
                   significant effect on the financial statements and major sources of estimation uncertainty are discussed in
                   Note V.
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025         177




                                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                     (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


III   New Standards or Amendments and Forthcoming Requirements
1     Standards and Amendments that are Effective in the Current Accounting Period
      The following IFRS Accounting Standards and amendments issued by the IASB take effect for the current
      accounting period beginning on or after 1 January 2025:

      •          Amendments to IAS 21 The Effects of Changes in Foreign Exchange Rates

      The Group has not applied any new standard or interpretation that is not yet effective for the current
      accounting period. Impacts of the adoption of these IFRS Accounting Standards and amendments have
      no material impact on the consolidated financial statements.

2     Standards and Amendments that are not yet Effective in the Current Accounting
      Period
                                                                                           Effective date           Notes


      Amendments to IFRS 9                   Classification and Measurement of             1 January 2026              (1)
        and IFRS 7                             Financial Instruments
      Annual Improvements to                 Annual Improvements to IFRS                   1 January 2026              (1)
        IFRS Accounting Standards              Accounting Standards – Volume 11
      IFRS 18                                Presentation and Disclosure in                1 January 2027              (2)
                                               Financial Statements
      IFRS 19                                Subsidiaries without Public                   1 January 2027              (1)
                                               Accountability: Disclosures

      (1)   The Group has not early adopted the above new and amendments in the consolidated financial statements. The
            Group anticipates that the adoption of these standards and amendments will have no material impact on the
            consolidated financial statements in the foreseeable future.

      (2)   The Group has not completed its assessment of the impact on the Group’s consolidated financial statements of
            adopting IFRS 18.
178       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      IV           Significant Accounting Policies
      1            Accounting Year
                   The accounting year starts on 1 January and ends on 31 December.

      2            Functional Currency
                   The consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), being the functional and
                   presentation currency of the Bank’s operations in the Chinese Mainland. The entity operating outside
                   the Chinese Mainland determines its own functional currency and the financial statements of the entity
                   is presented using that functional currency. The financial statements has been translated in accordance
                   with Note IV.5.

      3            Criteria for Control and the Preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements
                   The scope of consolidated financial statements is based on control and the consolidated financial
                   statements comprise the Bank and its subsidiaries (including structured entities). Control exists when
                   the investor has all of following: power over the investee; exposure, or rights, to variable returns from
                   its involvement with the investee and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the
                   investee. When assessing whether the Group has power, only substantive rights (held by the Group and
                   other parties) are considered. The financial position, financial performance and cash flows of subsidiaries
                   are included in the consolidated financial statements from the date that control commences until the date
                   that control ceases.

                   Non-controlling interests of a subsidiary are presented separately in the consolidated statement of
                   financial position within equity, and net profit or loss attributable to non-controlling shareholders is
                   presented separately in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.
                   When the amount of loss for the current period attributable to the non-controlling interest of a subsidiary
                   exceeds the non-controlling interest’s portion of the opening balance of equity holders’ equity of the
                   subsidiary, the excess is allocated against the non-controlling interests.

                   When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their
                   accounting period and accounting policies in line with the Bank’s accounting period and accounting
                   policies. Intra-group assets, liabilities, equities, revenue, expense and cash flows arising from intra-group
                   transactions are eliminated in full in preparing the consolidated financial statements.

      4            Determination of Cash and Cash Equivalents
                   Cash and cash equivalents comprise monetary assets that can be readily drawn on demand, and
                   short-term and highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into known amounts of cash and are
                   subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, such as cash, surplus reserves with the central bank,
                   deposits or placements with banks and other financial institutions and financial assets purchased under
                   resale agreements with an original tenor of less than 3 months.
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025         179




                                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                     (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


IV    Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
5     Foreign Currency Business and Translation of Foreign Currency Statements
      Foreign currency transactions are initially recorded in RMB using the spot exchange rates at the dates of
      the transactions.

      Monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are translated to RMB at the spot exchange rate at the
      balance sheet date. The resulting exchange differences are generally recognized in profit or loss, unless
      they arise from the re-translation of the principal and interest of specific borrowings for the acquisition
      or construction of qualifying assets. Non-monetary items that are measured at historical cost in foreign
      currencies are translated to RMB using the exchange rate at the transaction date. Non-monetary items
      that are measured at fair value in foreign currencies are translated using the exchange rate at the date
      the fair value is determined. The resulting exchange differences are recognized in profit or loss, except for
      the differences arising from the re-translation of non-monetary items denominated in foreign currencies at
      fair value through other comprehensive income, which are recognized in other comprehensive income.

      In translating the financial statements of a foreign operation, assets and liabilities of foreign operation
      are translated to RMB at the spot exchange rate at the balance sheet date. Shareholders’ equity items,
      excluding retained earnings and the translation differences in other comprehensive income, are translated
      to RMB at the spot exchange rates at the transaction dates. Income and expenses of foreign operation
      are translated to RMB at the spot exchange rates or the rates that approximate the spot exchange rates
      at the transaction dates. The resulting translation differences are recognized in other comprehensive
      income. The translation differences accumulated in other comprehensive income with respect to a foreign
      operation are transferred to profit or loss in the period when the foreign operation is disposed.

6     Financial Instruments
      Financial instruments are contracts that form the financial assets of one party and the financial liabilities
      or equity instruments of other parties.

(1)   Initial recognition and measurement of financial assets and financial liabilities
      Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognized in the consolidated statement of financial position
      when the entity becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument.

      Financial assets and financial liabilities are measured initially at fair value. For financial assets and financial
      liabilities measured at FVTPL, any related directly attributable transaction costs are charged to profit
      or loss; for other categories of financial assets and financial liabilities, any related directly attributable
      transaction costs are included in their initial costs.
180       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      IV           Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
      6            Financial Instruments (continued)
      (2)          Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets
                   Classification of financial assets
                   The classification of financial assets is generally based on the business model in which a financial asset is
                   managed and its contractual cash flow characteristics. On initial recognition, a financial asset is classified
                   as measured at amortised cost (“AC”), at FVOCI, or at FVTPL.

                   Financial assets are not reclassified subsequent to their initial recognition unless the Group changes its
                   business model for managing financial assets in which case all affected financial assets are reclassified
                   on the first day of the first reporting period following the change in the business model.

                   A financial asset is measured at amortised cost if it meets both of the following conditions and is not
                   designated as measured at FVTPL:

                   –            it is held within a business model whose objective is to hold assets to collect contractual cash
                                flows; and

                   –            its contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of
                                principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

                   A debt investment is measured at FVOCI if it meets both of the following conditions and is not designated
                   as measured at FVTPL:

                   –            it is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual
                                cash flows and selling financial assets; and

                   –            its contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of
                                principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

                   On initial recognition of an equity investment that is not held for trading, the Group may irrevocably
                   elect to present subsequent changes in the investment’s fair value in other comprehensive income. This
                   election is made on an investment-by-investment basis, and the investment conforms to the definition of
                   equity instrument from the perspective of the issuer.

                   All financial assets not classified as measured at amortised cost or FVOCI as described above are
                   measured at FVTPL. On initial recognition, the Group may irrevocably designate a financial asset that
                   otherwise meets the requirements to be measured at amortised cost or at FVOCI as measured at FVTPL
                   if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting mismatch that would otherwise arise.

                   The business model refers to how the Group manages its financial assets in order to generate cash
                   flows. That is, the Group’s business model determines whether cash flows will result from collecting
                   contractual cash flows, selling financial assets or both. The Group determines the business model for
                   managing the financial assets according to the facts and based on the specific business objective for
                   managing the financial assets determined by the Group’s key management personnel.
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025         181




                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


IV    Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
6     Financial Instruments (continued)
(2)   Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (continued)
      Classification of financial assets (continued)
      In assessing whether the contractual cash flows on specific dates are solely payments of principal and
      interest based on principal unpaid, the Group considers the contractual terms of the instrument. For
      the purposes of this assessment, ‘principal’ is defined as the fair value of the financial asset on initial
      recognition. ‘Interest’ is defined as consideration for the time value of money and for the credit risk
      associated with the principal amount outstanding during a particular period of time and for other basic
      lending risks and costs, as well as a profit margin. The Group also assesses whether the financial asset
      contains a contractual term that could change the timing or amount of contractual cash flows such that it
      would not meet this condition of contractual cash flows.

      Subsequent measurement of financial assets
      –         Financial assets measured at FVTPL

                These financial assets are subsequently measured at fair value after initial recognition. Net
                gains and losses, including any interest or dividend income, are recognized in profit or loss
                unless the financial assets are part of a hedging relationship.

      –         Financial assets measured at amortised cost

                These assets are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method
                after initial recognition. A gain or loss on a financial asset that is measured at amortised cost
                and is not part of a hedging relationship shall be recognized in profit or loss when the financial
                asset is derecognized, through the amortisation process in effective interest method or in order
                to recognize impairment gains or losses.

      –         Debt instruments measured at FVOCI

                These assets are subsequently measured at fair value after initial recognition. Interest
                income calculated using the effective interest method, impairment and foreign exchange
                gains and losses are recognized in profit or loss. Other net gains and losses are recognized
                in other comprehensive income. On derecognition, gains and losses accumulated in other
                comprehensive income are reclassified to profit or loss.

      –         Equity instruments measured at FVOCI

                These assets are subsequently measured at fair value. Dividends are recognized as income in
                profit or loss. Other net gains and losses are recognized in other comprehensive income. On
                derecognition, gains and losses accumulated in other comprehensive income are reclassified to
                retained earnings.
182       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      IV           Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
      6            Financial Instruments (continued)
      (3)          Classification and subsequent measurement of financial liabilities
                   Financial liabilities are classified as measured at FVTPL, measured at amortised cost and financial
                   guarantees.

                   –            Financial liabilities measured at FVTPL

                                A financial liability is classified as measured at FVTPL if it is classified as held-for-trading
                                (including a derivative financial instrument) or it is designated as such on initial recognition
                                (Including lease-in of precious metals in account caption of placements from banks and other
                                financial institutions).

                                A financial liability is classified as held for trading if: (i) it has been acquired principally for the
                                purpose of repurchasing it in the near term; or (ii) on initial recognition it is part of a portfolio
                                of identified financial instruments that the Group manages together and has a recent actual
                                pattern of short-term profit-taking; or (iii) it is a derivative, except for a derivative that is a
                                financial guarantee contract or a designated and effective hedging instrument.

                                A financial liability may be designated as measured at FVTPL upon initial recognition if: (i) such
                                designation eliminates or significantly reduces accounting mismatches that would otherwise
                                arise; or (ii) the financial liability forms part of a group of financial assets or financial liabilities or
                                both, which is managed and its performance is evaluated on a fair value basis, in accordance
                                with the Group’s documented risk management or investment strategy, and information about
                                the grouping is provided to key management internally on that basis.

                                Financial liabilities measured at FVTPL (including derivative financial liability) are subsequently
                                measured at fair value after initial recognition and net gains and losses (including any interest
                                expense) are recognized in profit or loss, unless the financial liabilities are part of a hedging
                                relationship.

                   –            Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost

                                A financial liability other than a financial liability measured at FVTPL, a financial liability
                                not meeting the criteria for derecognition or arising from continuing involvement, credit
                                commitments or financial guarantees are recognized at fair value and subsequently measured
                                at amortised cost using the effective interest method after initial recognition.
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025         183




                                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                    (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


IV    Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
6     Financial Instruments (continued)
(4)   Offsetting financial instruments
      Financial assets and financial liabilities are generally presented separately in the consolidated statement
      of financial position and are not offset. However, a financial asset and a financial liability are offset and
      the net amount is presented in the consolidated statement of financial position when both of the following
      conditions are satisfied:

      –         the Group currently has a legally enforceable right to set off the recognized amounts; and

      –         the Group intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realize the financial asset and settle the
                financial liability simultaneously.

(5)   Derecognition of financial instruments
      A financial asset is derecognized when one of the following conditions is met:

      –         the Group’s contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial asset expire;

      –         the financial asset has been transferred and the Group transfers substantially all of the risks
                and rewards of ownership of the financial asset; or

      –         the financial asset has been transferred, although the Group neither transfers nor retains
                substantially all of the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial asset, it does not retain
                control over the transferred asset.

      Where a transfer of a financial asset in its entirety meets the criteria for derecognition, the difference
      between the two amounts below is recognized in profit and loss:

      –         the carrying amount of the financial asset transferred;

      –         the sum of the consideration received from the transfer of financial assets and the amount of
                the derecognized portion of the cumulative fair value changes previously recognized directly in
                other comprehensive income, for a transferred debt instrument measured at FVOCI.

      Asset securitization
      As part of its operational activities, the Group securitizes financial assets, generally through the sale of
      these assets to structured entities which issue securities to investors. Further details on prerequisites for
      derecognition of financial assets are set out above. When a securitization of financial assets does not
      qualify for derecognition, the relevant financial assets are not derecognized, and the consideration paid
      by third parties are recorded as a financial liability; the Group neither retains nor transfers substantially all
      of the risks and rewards of ownership of the securitized financial assets, and it retains control over the
      transferred assets, the Group continues to recognize the transferred assets in the consolidated statement
      of financial position to the extent of its continuing involvement, determined by the extent to which it is
      exposed to changes in the value of the securitized assets, and recognize the corresponding liabilities.
184       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      IV           Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
      6            Financial Instruments (continued)
      (5)          Derecognition of financial instruments (continued)
                   Sales of financial assets on condition of repurchase
                   The derecognition of financial assets sold on condition of repurchase is determined by the economic
                   substance of the transaction. If a financial asset is sold under an agreement to repurchase the same or
                   substantially the same asset at a fixed price or at the sale price plus a reasonable return, the Group will
                   not derecognize the asset. If a financial asset is sold together with an option to repurchase the financial
                   asset at its fair value at the time of repurchase (in the case of the transferor selling such a financial
                   asset), the Group will derecognize the financial asset.

                   The Group derecognizes a financial liability (or part of it) only when its contractual obligation (or part of it)
                   is extinguished.

      (6)          Impairment of financial assets
                   The Group recognizes loss allowances for expected credit losses (“ECL”) on:

                   –            Financial assets measured at amortised cost;

                   –            Debt instruments measured at FVOCI;

                   –            Lease receivables; and

                   –            Credit commitments and financial guarantee contracts.

                   Other financial assets measured at fair value, including financial investments measured at FVTPL, equity
                   investments designated as measured at FVOCI and derivative financial assets, are not subject to the ECL
                   assessment.

                   Measurement of ECLs
                   ECLs are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. Credit losses are measured as the present
                   value of all cash shortfalls (i.e. the difference between the cash flows due to the entity in accordance with
                   the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive).

                   The maximum period considered when estimating ECLs is the maximum contractual period (including
                   extension options) over which the Group is exposed to credit risk.

                   Lifetime ECLs are the ECLs that result from all possible default events over the expected life of a financial
                   instrument.

                   12-month ECLs are the portion of ECLs that result from default events that are possible within the 12
                   months after the balance sheet date (or a shorter period if the expected life of the instrument is less than
                   12 months) and are parts of lifetime ECLs.

                   The Group classifies financial instruments into three stages and makes provisions for ECLs in accordance
                   with the accounting policies described in Note XIII.1 Credit Risk.
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025         185




                                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                   (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


IV    Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
6     Financial Instruments (continued)
(6)   Impairment of financial assets (continued)
      Presentation of allowance for ECLs
      ECLs are remeasured at each balance sheet date to reflect changes in the financial instrument’s credit
      risk since initial recognition. Any change in the ECL amount is recognized as an impairment gain or loss
      in profit or loss. The Group recognizes an impairment gain or loss for financial instruments measured
      at amortised cost with a corresponding adjustment to their carrying amount through a loss allowance
      account; for debt instruments that are measured at FVOCI, the ECL allowance is recognized in other
      comprehensive income. The Group recognizes ECL allowances for credit commitments and financial
      guarantee contracts through provisions (allowance for ECLs on credit commitments).

(7)   Write-off of financial assets
      The carrying value of a financial asset is written off (either partially or in full) to the extent that there is
      no realistic prospect of recovery. A write-off constitutes a derecognition event. This is generally the
      case when the Group determines that the debtor does not have assets or sources of income that could
      generate sufficient cash flows to repay the amounts subject to the write-off. However, financial assets
      that are written off could still be subject to enforcement activities in order to comply with the Group’s
      procedures for recovery of amounts due.

      Subsequent recoveries of an asset that was previously written off are recognized as a reversal of
      impairment in profit or loss in the period in which the recovery occurs.

(8)   Equity Instrument
      An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of the Group after
      deducting the liabilities. A financial instrument is an equity instrument if, and only if, both conditions
      below are met: (i) the financial instrument includes no contractual obligation to deliver cash or another
      financial asset to another entity, or to exchange financial assets or financial liabilities with another entity
      under conditions that are potentially unfavorable to the Group; and (ii) if the financial instrument will or
      may be settled in the Group’s own equity instruments, it is a non-derivative instrument that includes no
      contractual obligations for the Group to deliver a variable number of its own equity instruments; or a
      derivative that will be settled only by the Group exchanging a fixed amount of cash or another financial
      asset for a fixed number of its own equity instruments.

      The consideration received from the issuance of equity instruments net of directly attributable transaction
      costs is recognized in equity.
186       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      IV           Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
      7            Preference Shares and Perpetual Bonds
                   At initial recognition, the Group classifies the preference shares and perpetual bonds issued or their
                   components as financial liabilities or equity instruments based on their contractual terms and their
                   economic substance after considering the definition of financial liabilities and equity instruments.

                   Preference shares and perpetual bonds issued that are classified as equity instruments are recognized
                   in equity based on the actual amount received. Any distribution of dividends or interests during the
                   instruments’ duration is treated as profit appropriation. When the preference shares and perpetual bonds
                   are redeemed by the Group according to the contractual terms, the redemption price is charged to
                   equity.

      8            Precious Metals
                   Precious metals comprise gold, silver and other precious metals. Precious metals that are not related to
                   the Group’s precious metals trading activities are initially measured at acquisition cost and subsequently
                   measured at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Precious metals acquired by the Group for trading
                   purposes are initially measured at fair value and subsequent changes in fair value at the balance sheet
                   date recorded in profit or loss.

                   The Group records the precious metals received as a liability. The precious metals deposited with the
                   Group are measured at fair value both on initial recognition and in subsequent measurement.

      9            Derivative Financial Instruments and hedge accounting
                   Derivative Financial Instruments
                   Derivative financial instruments are initially recognized at fair value on the date on which a derivative
                   contract is entered into and are subsequently remeasured at fair value. Derivatives are carried as assets
                   when the fair value is positive and as liabilities when the fair value is negative.

                   If the host contract included in a hybrid contract is an asset within the scope of IFRS 9 – Financial
                   Instruments, the embedded derivative is not separated from the host contract of the financial asset,
                   instead the hybrid financial instrument as a whole is classified under IFRS 9. If the host contract included
                   in a hybrid contract is not an asset within the scope of IFRS 9, when their economic characteristics and
                   risks of an embedded derivative is not closely related to those of the host contract, a separate instrument
                   with the same terms as the embedded derivative would meet the definition of a derivative, and the hybrid
                   instrument is not measured at FVTPL, then such an embedded derivative is separated from the hybrid
                   contract and accounted for as a derivative. The embedded derivative is measured at fair value with any
                   changes in fair value recognized in profit or loss.

                   Any gains or losses arising from changes in fair value on derivatives that do not qualify for hedge
                   accounting are recognized directly in profit or loss.
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025         187




                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                               (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


IV   Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
9    Derivative Financial Instruments and hedge accounting (continued)
     Hedge Accounting
     Hedge accounting is a method which recognises in profit or loss (or other comprehensive income)
     the gain or loss on the hedging instruments and the hedged items in the same accounting period to
     represent the effect of risk management.

     Hedged items are items that expose the Group to risks of changes in fair value or cash flows and that
     are designated as being hedged and can be reliably measured. The Group designates certain fixed-rate
     bond investments, which expose the Group to the risk of fair value changes, as hedged item. A hedging
     instrument is a designated financial instrument whose changes in fair value or cash flows are expected to
     offset changes in the fair value or cash flows of the hedged item.

     The Group assesses at the inception of a hedging relationship, and on an ongoing basis, whether the
     hedging relationship meets the hedge effectiveness requirements. A hedging relationship is regarded as
     having met the hedge effectiveness requirements if all of the following conditions are satisfied:

     –         There is an economic relationship between the hedged item and the hedging instrument.

     –         The effect of credit risk does not dominate the value changes that result from the economic
               relationship.

     –         The hedge ratio of the hedging relationship is the same as that resulting from the quantity of
               the hedged item that the entity actually hedges and the quantity of the hedging instrument that
               the entity actually uses to hedge that quantity of the hedged item.

     The hedging relationship does not conform to the requirements of the hedging effectiveness due to
     hedging ratio, however, the risk management objective of existing hedging relationship has not changed.
     The Group performs the hedging relationship rebalancing and makes the adjustments to the number of
     hedged items or hedging instruments in the existing hedging relationship, in order to make the hedging
     ratio conform to the requirements of the hedging effectiveness.

     The Group discontinues applying hedge accounting in any of the following circumstances:

     –         The hedging relationship no longer meets the risk management objective on the basis of which
               it qualified for hedge accounting.

     –         The hedging instrument expires or is sold, terminated or exercised.

     –         There is no longer an economic relationship between the hedged item and the hedging
               instrument or the effect of credit risk starts to dominate the value changes that result from that
               economic relationship.

     –         The hedging relationship no longer meets other criteria for applying hedge accounting.
188       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      IV           Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
      9            Derivative Financial Instruments and hedge accounting (continued)
                   Hedge Accounting (continued)
                   (1)          Fair value hedges
                                Fair value hedges are hedges of the exposure to changes in the fair value of a recognised
                                asset or liability or an unrecognised firm commitment, or a portion of such an asset, liability or
                                firm commitment.

                                Gains or losses arising from hedging instruments are recognised in profit or loss. The gain
                                or loss on the hedged items attributable to the hedged risk adjusts the carrying amount of
                                the recognised hedged item not measured at fair value and is recognised in profit or loss.
                                Any adjustment to the carrying amount of a hedged item is amortised to profit or loss if the
                                hedged item is a financial instrument (or a component thereof) measured at amortised cost.
                                The amortisation is based on a recalculated effective interest rate at the date that amortisation
                                begins and is recognised in profit or loss.

      10           Repurchase and Reverse Purchase Transactions (including securities borrowing
                   and lending)
                   Assets sold under agreements to repurchase at a specified future date are not derecognized from the
                   consolidated statement of financial position. The corresponding proceed received, including accrued
                   interest, is recognized in the consolidated statement of financial position as “financial assets sold under
                   purchase agreements”. The difference between the selling and repurchase prices is treated as an interest
                   expense and is accrued over the life of the agreement using the effective interest method.

                   Conversely, assets purchased under agreements to resell at a specified future date are not recognized in
                   the consolidated statement of financial position. The corresponding cash paid, including accrued interest,
                   is recognized in the consolidated statement of financial position as “financial assets purchased under
                   resale agreements”. The difference between the purchase and resale prices is treated as an interest
                   income and is accrued over the life of the agreement using the effective interest method.

                   Securities borrowing and lending transactions are usually collateralized by securities or cash. The transfer
                   of the securities to counterparties is only reflected in the consolidated statement of financial position
                   if the risks and rewards of ownership are also transferred. Cash advanced or received as collateral is
                   recorded as an asset or liability.

                   Securities borrowed are not recognized in the consolidated statement of financial position, unless they
                   are then sold to third parties, in which case the obligation to return the securities is recorded as a
                   financial liability held for trading purposes and measured at fair value with any gains or losses included in
                   profit or loss.
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025         189




                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                 (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


IV   Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
11   Investment in Subsidiary
     In the Bank’s statement of financial position, long-term equity investment in subsidiary is accounted for
     using the cost method for subsequent measurement. Dividends declared by subsidiaries are recognized
     in profit or loss except for cash dividends or profit distributions declared but not yet distributed that have
     been included in the price or consideration paid-in obtaining the investments. In the Bank’s statement of
     financial position, interests in subsidiaries are accounted for using the cost less impairment losses (Note
     IV.16).

     In the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position, subsidiaries are accounted for in accordance
     with policies described in Note IV.3.

12   Fixed Assets and Construction in Progress
     Fixed assets are tangible assets held by the Group for operation and administration purposes with
     useful lives more than one year. Construction-in-progress represents properties and buildings under
     construction and are transferred to fixed assets when they are ready for their intended use.

     Fixed assets are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses (Note IV.16) in the
     consolidated statement of financial position. Construction-in-progress is stated cost less impairment
     losses (Note IV.16) in the consolidated statement of financial position.

     Costs of a purchased fixed asset comprise purchase price, related taxes, and any directly attributable
     expenditures for bringing the asset to working condition for its intended use. Costs of a self-constructed
     fixed asset comprise construction materials, direct labor costs, capitalized borrowing cost and those
     expenditures necessarily incurred for bringing the asset to working condition for its intended use.

     Where the individual component parts of an item of fixed assets have different useful lives or provide
     benefits to the Group in different patterns, each part is depreciated separately. They are accounted for
     as separate items of fixed assets.

     Any subsequent costs including the cost of replacing part of an item of fixed assets are recognized as
     assets when it is probable that the economic benefits associated with the costs will flow to the Group,
     and the carrying amount of the replaced part is derecognized. The costs of the day-to-day servicing of
     fixed assets are recognized in profit or loss as incurred.

     The cost of a fixed asset, less its estimated net residual value and accumulated impairment losses,
     is depreciated using the straight-line method over its estimated useful life. The estimated useful lives,
     estimated residual value and depreciation rate are as follows:

                                                        Estimated              Estimated               Depreciation
                                                       useful lives        residual value                      rate


     Properties and buildings                         10 – 30 years                     5%         3.17% – 9.50%
     Office and electronic equipment                    3 – 7 years                     5%       13.57% – 31.67%
     Motor vehicles                                         5 years                     5%                19.00%
190     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      IV           Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
      12           Fixed Assets and Construction in Progress (continued)
                   Fixed assets in the operating leases are used for the Group’s operating lease activities. The Group
                   determines the depreciation period and depreciation method based on actual conditions. The
                   depreciation is accrued on a straight-line basis based on the duration of the lease.

                   The estimated useful lives, estimated net residual value and depreciation method of fixed assets are
                   reviewed at least at each year-end.

                   Gains or losses arising from the disposal or retirement of fixed assets are determined as the difference
                   between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and are recognized in profit or
                   loss on the date of disposal or retirement.

      13           Intangible Assets
                   Intangible assets are stated in consolidated statement of financial position at cost less accumulated
                   amortisation (where the estimated useful life is finite) and impairment losses (Note IV.16). For an intangible
                   asset with finite useful life, its cost less estimated net residual value and accumulated impairment losses
                   is amortised on a straight-line basis over its estimated useful live.

                   The Group amortizes computer software with a licensed period during the authorized period, otherwise it
                   is amortised over a period of 10 years.

                   The Group reviews the useful life and amortisation method of intangible assets with limited useful lives at
                   least at the end of each year.

      14           Repossessed Assets
                   In the recovery of assets such as impaired loans and lease receivables, the Group may take possession
                   of assets held as collateral through court proceedings or voluntary delivery of possession by the
                   borrowers. When it is intended to achieve an orderly realization of the impaired assets and the Group
                   is no longer seeking repayment of loans and lease receivables from the borrowers, repossessed assets
                   except the equity instruments are reported in “other assets”.

                   When the Group seizes assets to compensate for the losses of loans, lease receivables and advances
                   and interest receivables, the repossessed assets are initially recognized at fair value and any taxes
                   that are directly attributable to the assets, litigation expenses advanced and other expenses incurred
                   for collecting the repossessed assets. Repossessed assets are recognized at the carrying value in the
                   consolidated statement of financial position, net of allowance for impairment losses (Note IV.16).

      15           Long-term Prepaid Expenses
                   The Group recognises all expenses incurred with a benefit period of more than one year as long-term
                   prepaid expenses. Long-term prepaid expenses are presented on the balance sheet as cost minus
                   accumulated amortization, and long-term prepaid expenses will be recognized in the balance sheet “Other
                   assets”.

                   Leased asset improvement expenses are amortised over the lease term, and other long-term prepaid
                   expenses are amortised over the benefit period.
                                                                                                Annual Report 2025         191




                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                              (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


IV   Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
16   Impairment of Non-financial Assets
     The carrying amounts of the following assets are reviewed at each balance sheet date based on internal
     and external sources of information to determine whether there is any indication of impairment:

     –         fixed assets and construction in progress

     –         right-of-use assets

     –         intangible assets

     –         investment in subsidiaries

     –         other assets (finance lease receivables excluded), etc

     If any indication exists that an asset may be impaired, the recoverable amount of the asset is estimated.

     The recoverable amount of an asset (or asset group, set of asset groups) is the higher of its fair value
     (Note IV.17) less costs of disposal and its value in use.

     An asset group is composed of assets directly related to cash generation and is the smallest identifiable
     group of assets that generates cash inflows that are largely independent of the cash inflows from other
     assets or asset groups.

     The present value of expected future cash flows of an asset is determined by discounting the future cash
     flows, estimated to be derived from continuing use of the asset and from its ultimate disposal, to their
     present value using an appropriate pre-tax discount rate.

     An impairment loss is recognized in profit or loss when the recoverable amount of an asset is less than
     its carrying amount. A provision for impairment of the asset is recognized accordingly. Impairment losses
     related to an asset group or a set of asset groups are allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of
     the assets in the asset group or set of asset groups on a pro rata basis. However, such allocation would
     not reduce the carrying amount of an asset below the highest of its fair value less costs of disposal (if
     measurable), its present value of expected future cash flows (if measurable) and zero.

     Once the above asset impairment loss is recognized, it will not be reversed in future accounting periods.
192     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      IV           Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
      17           Fair Value Measurement
                   Unless otherwise specified, the Group measures fair value as follows:

                   Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
                   transaction between market participants at the measurement date.

                   When measuring fair value, the Group takes into account the characteristics of the particular asset or
                   liability (including the condition and location of the asset and restrictions, if any, on the sale or use of
                   the asset) that market participants would consider when pricing the asset or liability at the measurement
                   date, and uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient
                   data and other information are available to measure fair value. Valuation techniques mainly include the
                   market approach, the income approach and the cost approach.

      18           Employee Benefits
      (1)          Short-term employee benefits
                   Employee wages or salaries, bonuses, social security contributions such as medical insurance, work
                   injury insurance, maternity insurance and housing fund, measured at the amount incurred or accrued at
                   the applicable benchmarks and rates, are recognized as a liability as the employee provides services,
                   with a corresponding charge to profit or loss.

      (2)          Post-employment benefits – defined contribution plans
                   The Group participates in defined contribution plans including basic pension insurance, unemployment
                   insurance and annuity plans in the social insurance system established and managed by government
                   organizations, all of which are defined contribution plans. The Group pays a fixed contribution into the
                   defined contribution plans and has no obligation to make further contributions if the plans does not hold
                   sufficient assets to pay all employee benefits.

                   Employees also participate in a defined contribution retirement benefit plan established by the Group (the
                   “Annuity Plan”). The Group contributes a certain percentage of the employees’ salaries to the Annuity
                   Plan, which is charged to profit or loss when it is incurred.

      19           Provisions
                   Provisions are recognized when the Group has a present obligation as a result of a past event, and
                   it is probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the
                   obligation and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation. A provision shall be
                   initially measured at the best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the related present obligation.
                   When the effect of the time value of money is material, a provision shall be determined by discounting
                   the related future cash outflows.
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025         193




                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                               (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


IV   Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
20   Credit Commitments and Financial Guarantee Contracts
     The Group issues credit commitments and financial guarantee contracts, including acceptances, letters
     of credit, letters of guarantee, loan commitments and finance lease commitments, undrawn credit card
     facility, receivables confirmation and other financial guarantee contracts.

     A credit commitment is a commitment provided by the Group to customers to extend loans under agreed
     contractual terms within a certain period. Expected credit losses relating to credit commitments are
     provided for using the ECL model and included in provisions.

     Financial guarantees are contracts that require the guarantor to make specified payments to reimburse
     the beneficiary of the guarantee (the holder) for a loss the holder incurs because a specified debtor fails
     to make payment when due in accordance with the terms of a debt instrument. The Group is required
     to make payments only in the event of a default by the debtor in accordance with the terms of the
     instrument that is guaranteed. Accordingly, the allowance for ECL is the present value of the expected
     payments to reimburse the holder for a credit loss that it incurs less any amounts that the Group expects
     to receive from the debtor or any other third party.

21   Fiduciary Activities
     The Group acts in fiduciary activities as a manager, a custodian, or an agent for customers. Assets held
     by the Group under fiduciary capacity and the related undertakings to return such assets to customers
     are excluded from the consolidated statement of financial position as the risks and rewards of the assets
     reside with customers.

     The Group enters into entrusted loan agreements with customers, whereby the customers provide
     funding to the Group, and the Group grants loans to third parties. The Group has been contracted by
     those customers to manage the administration and collection of these entrusted loans on their behalf.
     The Group receives fees in return for the services it provides. As the Group does not assume the risks
     and rewards of the entrusted loans, the entrusted loans are not recognized as the Group’s assets or
     liabilities.

     The Group acts as a custodian, trustee and in other fiduciary capacities to safeguard assets for
     customers in accordance with custody agreements between the Group and other institutions and
     individuals. The Group receives fees in return for its services provided under the custody agreements and
     does not have any interest in the economic risks and rewards related to assets under custody. Therefore,
     assets under custody are not recognized in the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position.
194     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      IV           Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
      22           Revenue
                   Revenue is recognized to the extent that it is probable that the economic benefits will flow to the Group
                   and when the revenue can be reliably measured. The following specific recognition criteria must also be
                   met before revenue is recognized:

      (1)          Interest income
                   For all financial instruments measured at amortised cost and interest-generating financial instruments
                   classified as financial assets measured at FVOCI, interest income is calculated using the effective interest
                   rate, which is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash payments or receipts through the
                   expected life of the financial instrument, where appropriate, to the carrying value of the financial asset, or
                   the amortised cost of the financial liability. The calculation takes into account all contractual terms of the
                   financial instrument (for example, prepayment options) and includes any fees or transaction costs that are
                   attributable to the instrument and are a part of the effective interest rate, but not ECLs.

                   Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the carrying value of financial assets
                   and is included in “interest income”, except for:

                   –            purchased or originated credit-impaired financial assets, whose interest income is calculated,
                                since initial recognition, by applying the credit-adjusted effective interest rate to their amortised
                                cost;

                   –            financial assets that are not purchased or originated credit-impaired but have subsequently
                                become credit-impaired, whose interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest
                                rate to their amortised cost.

      (2)          Fee and commission income
                   The Group charges fees and commissions by providing various services to customers. The fee and
                   commission income is recognized when its performance obligation in contracts is satisfied and when the
                   customer obtains the control right of relevant services.

                   If one of the following conditions is met, the Group will perform its performance obligations within a
                   certain period of time; otherwise, it will perform its performance obligations at a certain time point:

                   –            Customers obtain and consume the economic benefits brought by the Group’s performance at
                                the same time as the Group’s performance;

                   –            Customers can control the services performed during the performance of the Group;

                   –            The goods produced by the Group in the process of performance have irreplaceable uses,
                                and the Group has the right to collect payment for the part of performance that has been
                                completed so far during the whole contract period.

      (3)          Dividend income
                   Dividend income from equity instruments is recognized in profit or loss when the right to receive payment
                   is established.
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025         195




                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                 (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


IV   Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
23   Government Grants
     Government grants are transfers of monetary assets or non-monetary assets from the government to the
     Group at no consideration except for any capital contribution from the government as an investor in the
     Group. Government grants are recognized when there is reasonable assurance that the grants will be
     received and that the Group will comply with the conditions attaching to the grants.

     Government grants are measured at the amount received or will be received when recognized as
     monetary assets. Government grants are measured at fair value when recognized as non-monetary
     assets.

     The grants related to assets are government grants whose primary condition is that an entity qualifying
     for them should purchase, construct or otherwise acquire long-term assets. The grants related to income
     are government grants other than those related to assets. A government grant related to an asset is
     recognized initially as deferred income and amortised to profit or loss on a reasonable and systematic
     method over the useful life of the asset. A grant related to income that compensates the Group for
     expenses or losses to be incurred in the subsequent periods is recognized initially as deferred income
     and recognized in profit or loss in the same periods in which the expenses or losses are recognized.
     A grant that compensates the Group for expenses or losses incurred is recognized in profit or loss
     immediately.

24   Income Taxes
     Current tax and deferred tax are recognized in profit or loss except to the extent that they relate to a
     business combination or items recognized directly in equity (including other comprehensive income).

     Current tax is the expected tax payable calculated at the applicable tax rate on the taxable income for
     the year, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years.

     At the balance sheet date, current tax assets and liabilities are offset if the Group has a legally
     enforceable right to set off them and the entity intends either to settle on a net basis or to realize the
     asset and settle the liability simultaneously.

     Deferred tax assets and liabilities arise from deductible and taxable temporary differences being the
     differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and
     their tax bases, which include the deductible losses and tax credits carried forward to subsequent
     periods. Deferred tax assets are recognized to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will
     be available against which deductible temporary differences can be used.

     If a single transaction is not a business combination, it will not affect accounting profits or taxable income
     (or deductible losses) when the transaction occurs, and the initially recognized assets and liabilities
     have not resulted in equal taxable temporary differences and deductible temporary differences, then the
     temporary differences generated in the transaction will not generate deferred income tax.

     At the balance sheet date, the amount of deferred tax recognized is measured based on the expected
     manner of realization or settlement of the carrying amount of the assets and liabilities using tax rates that
     are expected to be applied in the period when the asset is realized or the liability is settled in accordance
     with tax laws.
196     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      IV           Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
      24           Income Taxes (continued)
                   The carrying amount of a deferred tax asset is reviewed at the balance sheet date. The carrying amount
                   of a deferred tax asset is reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable
                   profits will be available to allow the benefit of the deferred tax asset to be utilized. Any such reduction is
                   reversed to the extent that it becomes probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available.

                   At the balance sheet date, deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset if all the following conditions are
                   met:

                   –            the taxable entity has a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax
                                liabilities;

                   –            they relate to income taxes levied by the same tax authority on either the same taxable entity
                                or different taxable entities which intend either to settle current tax liabilities and assets on a
                                net basis, or to realize the assets and settle the liabilities, simultaneously, in each future period
                                in which significant amounts of deferred tax liabilities or assets are expected to be settled or
                                recovered.

      25           Leases
      (1)          The Group as the lessee
                   The Group recognizes a right-of-use asset and a lease liability at the lease commencement date. The
                   right-of-use asset is initially measured at cost, which comprises the initial amount of the lease liability,
                   any lease payments made at or before the commencement date (less any lease incentives received), any
                   initial direct costs incurred and the costs to restore the site. The right-of-use asset is depreciated on a
                   straight-line basis subsequently by the Group. If the Group is reasonably certain that the ownership of
                   the underlying asset will be transferred to the Group at the end of the lease term, the Group depreciates
                   the asset from the commencement date to the end of the useful life of the asset. Otherwise, the Group
                   depreciates the assets from the commencement date to the earlier of the end of the useful life of the
                   asset and the end of the lease term, whichever is shorter.

                   The right-of-use assets shall be subject to the provision for impairment according to the accounting
                   policies described in Note IV.16.

                   The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at the
                   commencement date. The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease.
                   If that rate cannot be determined, the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate is used. A constant periodic
                   rate is used to calculate the interest on the lease liability in each period during the lease term with a
                   corresponding charge to profit or loss or included in the cost of assets where appropriate. Variable lease
                   payments not included in the measurement of the lease liability is charged to profit or loss or included in
                   the cost of relevant assets where appropriate as incurred.

                   The Group has elected not to recognize right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for short-term leases that
                   have a lease term of 12 months or less and leases of low-value assets. The Group recognizes the lease
                   payments associated with these leases in profit or loss or as the cost of the assets where appropriate
                   using the straight-line method over the lease term.
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025         197




                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                  (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


IV    Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
25    Leases (continued)
(2)   The Group as the lessor
      The Group determines at lease inception whether each lease is a finance lease or an operating lease. A
      finance lease is a lease that transfers substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of a
      leased asset to the lessee, irrespective of whether the legal title to the asset is eventually transferred. An
      operating lease is a lease other than a finance lease.

      Under a finance lease, at the commencement date, the Group recognizes the finance lease receivable
      and derecognizes the finance lease asset. The finance lease receivable is initially measured at an amount
      equal to the net investment in the lease. The net investment in the lease is measured at the aggregate of
      the unguaranteed residual value and the present value of the lease receivable that are not received at the
      commencement date, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. The Group calculates and
      recognizes interest income for each period of the lease term using a fixed periodic interest rate.

      Under an operating lease, lease receipts are recognized as income using the straight-line method over
      the lease term. Variable lease payments not included in lease receipts are recognized in profit or loss as
      they are earned.

26    Dividends
      Dividends proposed in the profit appropriation plan which will be authorized and declared after the
      balance sheet date are not recognized as a liability at the balance sheet date but disclosed separately in
      the notes of subsequent events to the consolidated financial statements.

27    Related Parties
      If a party has the power to control, jointly control or exercise significant influence over another party, or
      where two or more parties are subject to common control or joint control from another party, they are
      considered to be related parties. Related parties may be individuals or enterprises. Enterprises with which
      the Bank is under common control only from the State and that have no other related party relationships
      are not regarded as related parties.

28    Segment Reporting
      The Group determines the business segments based on the internal organizational structure,
      management requirements and internal reporting system. After considering the principle of importance
      based on the business segments, it determines the reporting segments and discloses segment
      information.

      Inter-segment revenues are measured on the basis of the actual transaction prices for such transactions
      for segment reporting. Segment accounting policies are consistent with those for the consolidated
      financial statements.

29    Methodology in Determination of Materiality and Basis for Selection
      The Group determines the importance of financial information based on the economic environment,
      considering both the nature and amount of the matter. When assessing whether a matter is significant
      from nature perspective, the Group primarily considers whether it is part of the Group’s operating
      activities and whether it significantly impacts the Group’s financial position, operating results and cash
      flows. When assessing whether a matter is significant from amount perspective, the Group considers the
      proportion of the amount of the matter to the amount of operating income, total assets, total liabilities,
      total equity, profit for the year and total comprehensive income or to the amount of the account caption.
198     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      V            Significant Accounting Judgements and Estimates
                   The preparation of the consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and
                   assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and the reported amounts of financial
                   statement line items. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical experience and
                   other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, including rational expectation
                   of future matters. Actual results may differ from these estimates. Estimates as well as underlying
                   assumptions and uncertainties involved are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting
                   estimates are recognized in the period in which the estimates are revised and in any future periods
                   affected.

      (i)          Measurement of the ECL Allowance
                   The measurement of the ECL allowance for financial assets measured at amortised cost, debt
                   instruments measured at FVOCI, credit commitments and financial guarantees is an area that requires
                   the use of complex models and significant assumptions about future economic conditions and borrower’s
                   credit behaviors (e.g. the likelihood of customers defaulting and the resulting losses).

                   A number of significant judgements are required in applying the accounting policies for measuring ECLs,
                   such as:

                   –            The segmentation of portfolios sharing similar credit risk characteristics for the purposes of
                                measuring ECLs, choosing appropriate models and key inputs for the measurement of ECLs;

                   –            Criteria for determining whether there was a significant increase in credit risk, or the credit was
                                impaired;

                   –            Economic indicators for forward-looking measurement, and the application of economic
                                scenarios and weightings; and

                   –            Discounted cash flows and discount rates applied to corporate loans and advances, and
                                financial assets measured at amortised cost in stage 3.

                   For details about the measurement of ECLs, please refer to Note XIII.1(3).

      (ii)         Fair Value of Financial Instruments
                   If the market for a financial instrument is not active, the Group establishes fair value by using a valuation
                   technique. Valuation techniques include using recent arm’s length market transactions between
                   knowledgeable and willing parties, if available, reference to the current fair value of another instrument
                   that is substantially the same, discounted cash flow analysis and option pricing models. To the extent
                   practicable, valuation technique makes the maximum use of market inputs. However, where market
                   inputs are not available, management needs to make estimates on such unobservable market inputs.
                   Under such circumstance, management needs to make estimates on such unobservable market inputs,
                   such as counterparty credit risk, market fluctuations and correlations. Changes in assumptions about
                   these factors could affect the estimated fair value of financial instruments.
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025         199




                                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                  (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


V       Significant Accounting Judgements and Estimates (continued)
(iii)   Consolidation of Structured Entities
        Management applies its judgement to determine whether the Group is acting as agent or principal in
        relation to the structured entities in which the Group acts as an asset manager or has interests in so
        as to determine whether the Group has control over the structured entity. In assessing whether the
        Group is acting as agent or manager, the Group considers various factors such as the scope of the
        asset manager’s decision-making authority, rights held by other parties, remuneration to which the
        Group is entitled for the services it provides and the Group’s exposure to variability of returns of other
        arrangements (including interests the Group directly holds) in the structured entities. The reassessment of
        control is made if facts and circumstances indicate changes in any of the factors.

(iv)    Income Taxes
        Determining income tax provisions involves judgement on the future tax treatment of certain transactions.
        The Group carefully evaluates the tax implications of transactions and tax provisions are recognized
        accordingly. Deferred tax assets are recognized for temporary deductible differences, to the extent that
        it is probable that future taxable income will be used as deduction which the unused tax credits can
        be utilized. This requires significant estimation on the tax treatment of certain transactions and also
        significant assessment on the probability that sufficient taxable income will be available for the deferred
        tax assets to be deducted.

(v)     Classification of Financial Assets
        The critical judgements the Group makes in determining the classification of financial assets include
        analysis of business models and characteristics of contractual cash flows, etc. The Group determines the
        business model for managing financial assets at the level of financial asset portfolio based on relevant
        factors. In the process of assessing the characteristics of contractual cash flows, the Group needs to
        make judgement on whether the contractual cash flow of financial assets is consistent with the basic
        lending arrangement.

(vi)    Derecognition of Financial Assets
        In the normal course of business, the Group transfers financial assets through various types of
        transactions including regular sales and transfers, securitization, and selling financial assets under
        repurchase agreements. The Group applies significant judgement in assessing whether the transfer
        complies with the conditions for derecognition. Where the Group enters into structured transactions by
        which it transfers financial asset to special purpose entities, the Group analyzes whether it controls these
        special purpose entities to determine whether the Group needs to consolidate these special purpose
        entities.
200       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
      1            Net Interest Income
                                                                                           2025       2024


                   Interest income:
                   Loans and advances to customers
                      – Corporate loans and advances                                      49,511     52,628
                      – Personal loans and advances                                       20,369     25,460
                      – Discounted bills                                                   2,181      2,367
                   Financial investments
                      – Financial assets measured at amortised cost (“AC”)                11,352     12,460
                      – Financial assets measured at fair value through
                          other comprehensive income (“FVOCI”)                             9,938      9,521
                   Deposits and placements with banks and other financial institutions
                   and financial assets purchased under resale agreements                  3,189      2,975
                   Balances with the central bank                                          1,751      1,908
                   Finance lease receivables                                               3,342      3,378


                   Total                                                                 101,633    110,697


                   Interest expense:
                   Customer deposits
                      – Corporate customers                                              (27,882)   (31,927)
                      – Personal customers                                                (7,192)     (6,997)
                   Deposits and placements from banks and other financial institutions
                      and financial assets sold under repurchase agreements               (9,106)   (13,522)
                   Debt securities issued                                                (11,519)   (11,427)
                   Due to the central bank                                                (1,475)     (1,530)
                   Others                                                                      –        (137)


                   Total                                                                 (57,174)   (65,540)


                   Net interest income                                                    44,459     45,157
                                                                                        Annual Report 2025         201




                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
2    Net Fee and Commission Income
                                                                                2025                   2024


     Fee and commission income:
       Agency and entrustment service                                          2,791                  2,265
       Commitment and guarantee service                                          816                  1,031
       Underwriting and consultation service                                     616                    928
       Settlement and clearing business                                          806                    678
       Custodian and fiduciary service                                           662                    637
       Fees from bank cards                                                      178                    197
       Others                                                                     74                    225


     Total                                                                     5,943                  5,961
     Fee and commission expense                                               (2,191)                (1,474)


     Net fee and commission income                                             3,752                  4,487


3    Net Trading Gains
                                                                                2025                   2024


     Net gains arising from financial instruments measured at FVTPL            2,948                  9,030
     Exchange gains and related derivatives                                    1,677                  1,769
     Precious metals and related derivatives                                   1,324                    411
     Other derivatives and hedged items                                         (720)                  (439)


     Total                                                                     5,229                 10,771


4    Net Gains on Financial Investments
                                                                                2025                   2024


     Net gains arising from financial assets measured at FVOCI                 4,217                  4,795
     Net gains arising from financial assets measured at AC                    2,894                  1,054
     Dividend income from equity instruments designated to be
       measured at FVOCI                                                           6                        6
     Other investment losses                                                    (165)                      (3)


     Total                                                                     6,952                  5,852
202       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      5            Other Operating Income
                                                                                                            2025               2024


                   Operating lease income                                                                  1,867               1,166
                   Government grants                                                                         139                  46
                   Other miscellaneous income                                                                160                 223


                   Total                                                                                   2,166               1,435


      6            Operating Expense
                                                                                       Notes                2025               2024


                   Staff costs                                                           (1)              13,048             13,737
                   General and administrative expenses                                                     4,893              4,642
                   Depreciation and amortisation                                                           2,055              2,022
                   Taxes and surcharges                                                                      755                835
                   Operating lease expenses                                                                  788                512
                   Donations                                                                                  51                 22
                   Auditors’ remuneration                                                                      7                  7
                   Others                                                                (2)                 452                151


                   Total                                                                                  22,049             21,928

                   (1)     Staff costs

                                                                                                             2025               2024

                           Salaries, bonuses and allowances                                                 9,346              9,674
                           Other social insurance and benefit costs                                         1,203              1,783
                           Housing funds                                                                      720                636
                           Pension costs – defined contribution plans                                       1,558              1,417
                           Labor union fee and staff education fee                                            221                227

                           Total                                                                           13,048             13,737

                   (2)     During reporting period, the expense relating to short-term leases and leases of low-value assets which were
                           simplified processed by the Group are not significant.
                                                                                        Annual Report 2025         203




                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
7    Expected Credit Losses (“ECL”s)
                                                              Note              2025                   2024


     Deposits with banks and other financial institutions                           1                      (5)
     Placements with banks and other financial institutions                         5                      (2)
     Financial assets purchased under resale agreements                            16                      (4)
     Loans and advances to customers
       – measured at AC                                                      20,770                  25,844
       – measured at FVOCI                                                      449                     (15)
     Financial investments
       – measured at AC                                                        2,144                  1,746
       – measured at FVOCI                                                       118                    158
     Finance lease receivables                                                   684                    697
     Others                                                                      257                    209
     Off-balance sheet items                                                    (195)                  (433)


     Total                                                    VI.25          24,249                  28,195
204       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      8            Director’s and Supervisor’s Emoluments
                                                                                            2025
                                                                                                                Contribution
                                                                                  Allowances Discretionary       to pension
                   (in RMB thousands)                       Fees      Salaries   and benefits    bonuses           schemes          Total


                   Executive Directors
                     Chen Haiqiang                              –          550             85               –           237          872
                     Ma Hong                                    –          495             85               –           237          817
                     Lu Jianqiang*                              –          321             49               –           138          508

                   Non-Executive Directors
                    Hou Xingchuan                               –            –              –               –              –            –
                    Ren Zhixiang                                –            –              –               –              –            –
                    Hu Tiangao                                  –            –              –               –              –            –
                    Ying Yuxiang                                –            –              –               –              –            –

                   Independent Non-Executive
                     Directors
                     Wang Wei                                367             –              –               –              –         367
                     Xu Yongbin                              383             –              –               –              –         383
                     Fu Tingmei                              360             –              –               –              –         360
                     Shi Hao                                 367             –              –               –              –         367
                     Lou Weizhong                            350             –              –               –              –         350
                     Wang Guocai*                             63             –              –               –              –          63

                   Supervisors
                     Guo Dingfang*                             –           495             85               –           237          817
                     Wu Fanghua                                –             –              –               –             –            –
                     Peng Zhiyuan                              –             –              –               –             –            –
                     Du Quan                                   –             –              –               –             –            –
                     Chen Zhong                                –             –              –               –             –            –
                     Ma Xiaofeng                               –             –              –               –             –            –
                     Wang Junbo                                –             –              –               –             –            –
                     Zhang Fanquan                           320             –              –               –             –          320
                     Wang Congcong                           313             –              –               –             –          313
                     Chen Sanlian                            300             –              –               –             –          300
                     Gao Qiang*                              107             –              –               –             –          107


                   Total                                   2,930         1,861            304               –           849         5,944

                   *       On 31 December 2025, the aforementioned individuals are no longer serving as directors or supervisors.
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025         205




                                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                         (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
8    Director’s and Supervisor’s Emoluments (continued)
                                                                              2024
                                                                                                     Contribution
                                                                     Allowances      Discretionary    to pension
     (in RMB thousands)                       Fees       Salaries   and benefits         bonuses        schemes            Total


     Executive Directors
       Lu Jianqiang                               –          550             83               276             235         1,144
       Ma Hong                                    –          495             83                80             235           893
       Chen Haiqiang                              –        1,000             84                 –             235         1,319
       Zhang Rongsen*                             –            –              –                 –               –             –

     Non-Executive Directors
      Hou Xingchuan                               –            –              –                 –                –             –
      Ren Zhixiang                                –            –              –                 –                –             –
      Hu Tiangao                                  –            –              –                 –                –             –
      Ying Yuxiang                                –            –              –                 –                –             –
      Gao Qinhong*                                –            –              –                 –                –             –
      Zhu Weiming*                                –            –              –                 –                –             –

     Independent Non-Executive
       Directors
       Wang Guocai                             365             –              –                 –                –          365
       Wang Wei                                355             –              –                 –                –          355
       Xu Yongbin                              385             –              –                 –                –          385
       Fu Tingmei                              360             –              –                 –                –          360
       Shi Hao                                  25             –              –                 –                –           25
       Zhou Zhifang*                           285             –              –                 –                –          285

     Supervisors
       Guo Dingfang                              –           495             83                51             235           864
       Wu Fanghua                                –             –              –                 –               –             –
       Peng Zhiyuan                              –             –              –                 –               –             –
       Du Quan                                   –             –              –                 –               –             –
       Chen Zhong                                –             –              –                 –               –             –
       Ma Xiaofeng                               –             –              –                 –               –             –
       Wang Junbo                                –             –              –                 –               –             –
       Gao Qiang                               320             –              –                 –               –           320
       Zhang Fanquan                           320             –              –                 –               –           320
       Chen Sanlian                            300             –              –                 –               –           300
       Wang Congcong                           125             –              –                 –               –           125
       Chen Zhongwei*                            –             –              –                 –               –             –
       Song Qinghua*                           200             –              –                 –               –           200


     Total                                   3,040         2,540            333               407             940         7,260

     *       On 31 December 2024, the aforementioned individuals are no longer serving as directors or supervisors.
206       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      8            Director’s and Supervisor’s Emoluments (continued)
                   (1)   The total pre-tax remuneration of some directors and the supervisors of the Bank performing their duties is still
                         in the process of confirmation, and the rest will be disclosed separately after confirmation.

                   (2)   On 17 January 2025, the National Financial Regulatory Administration has approved Mr. Lou Weizhong’s
                         qualification as an independent non-executive director. On 25 September 2025, Mr. Zheng Xingang and Mr.
                         Yang Zhaohui were elected as directors of the seventh Board of Directors, and the qualifications of Mr. Zheng
                         Xingang and Mr. Yang Zhaohui are pending approval by the National Financial Regulatory Administration. On
                         5 December 2025, Mr. Chen Haiqiang was elected as Chairman of the seventh Board of Directors, and the
                         qualification was approved by the National Financial Regulatory Administration on 13 February 2026; On 25
                         January 2026, Mr. Lyu Linhua was elected as a director of the seventh Board of Directors, and the qualification
                         is pending approval by the National Financial Regulatory Administration; Administration (On 14 May 2024, the
                         National Financial Regulatory Administration has approved Mr. Ying Yuxiang’s qualifications as a non-executive
                         director; On 12 June 2024, Mr. Shi Hao was elected as an independent non-executive director of the sixth term
                         of the Board of Directors; On 12 June 2024, Mr. Wang Junbo was elected as the shareholder supervisor of the
                         sixth Board of Supervisors; On 21 June 2024, Mr. Du Quan and Ms. Chen Zhong were by-elected as the staff
                         supervisors of the sixth Board of Supervisors; On 2 August 2024, Mr. Guo Dingfang, Mr. Wu Fanghua, Mr. Peng
                         Zhiyuan, Mr. Du Quan and Ms. Chen Zhong were elected as the employee supervisors of the seventh Board of
                         Supervisors; On 9 August 2024, Mr. Lu Jianqiang, Mr. Zhang Rongsen, Ms. Ma Hong and Mr. Chen Haiqiang
                         were elected as the executive directors of the seventh Board of Directors; Mr. Hou Xingchuan, Mr. Ren Zhixiang,
                         Mr. Ni Defeng, Mr. Hu Tiangao, Ms. Jin Guorui, Mr. Ying Yuxiang and Mr. Wu Zhijun were elected as the
                         non-executive directors of the seventh Board of Directors; Mr. Zhou Zhifang, Mr. Wang Guocai, Mr. Wang Wei,
                         Mr. Xu Yongbin, Mr. Fu Tingmei, Mr. Shi Hao and Mr. Lou Weizhong were elected as the non-executive directors
                         of the seventh Board of Directors; Mr. Ma Xiaofeng and Mr. Wang Junbo were elected as the shareholder
                         supervisors of the seventh Board of Supervisors; Mr. Gao Qiang, Mr. Zhang Fanquan, Mr. Chen Sanlian and Mr.
                         Wang Congcong were elected as the external supervisors of the seventh Board of Supervisors; Among the newly
                         appointed directors, the qualifications of Mr. Shi Hao and Mr. Lou Weizhong have been approved by the National
                         Financial Regulatory Administration, and the qualifications of Mr. Ni Defeng, Ms. Jin Guorui and Mr. Wu Zhijun
                         are pending approval by the National Financial Regulatory Administration; On 18 December 2024, the National
                         Financial Regulatory Administration has approved Mr. Shi Hao’s qualifications as an independent non-executive
                         director).

                   (3)   On 24 February 2025, Mr. Wang Guocai ceased to be an independent non-executive director of the Bank;
                         On 13 June 2025, Mr. Gao Qiang was removed as an external supervisor; On 9 July 2025, Mr. Lu Jianqiang
                         resigned as Chairman and executive director of the Bank; On 24 December 2025, Mr. Guo Dingfang resigned
                         as Chairman of the Board of Supervisors and employee supervisor (On 27 February 2024, Mr. Chen Zhongwei
                         resigned as the Bank’s staff supervisor; On 9 August 2024, Ms. Gao Qinhong and Mr. Zhu Weiming ceased to
                         be non-executive directors of the Board of the Bank, Mr. Song Qinghua ceased to be a supervisor of the Bank;
                         On 18 August 2024, Mr. Zhang Rongsen resigned as the executive director of the Bank; On 24 September
                         2024, Mr. Zhou Zhifang and Mr. Wang Guocai resigned as the Bank’s independent director, Mr. Wang Guocai
                         will continue to perform his duties as required until the new independent director is qualified for appointment).

                   (4)   Employee supervisors of the Bank receive remuneration as staff, and receive no remuneration as supervisors.

                   (5)   Supervisors of the Bank receive only remuneration in respect of their services as supervisors. No emoluments
                         were paid to or receivable by supervisors.
                                                                                                             Annual Report 2025        207




                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                          (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
9    Highest Paid Individuals
     During the year ended 31 December 2025, the five highest paid individuals in the Group include neither
     director nor supervisor (2024: five). The five (2024: five) highest paid individuals for the year are as
     follows:

                                                                                                    2025                   2024


     Salaries and allowances and other benefits                                                         5                      1
     Discretionary bonuses                                                                             18                     25


     Total                                                                                             23                     26

     The emoluments fell within the following bands:

                                                                                             Number of Individuals
                                                                                                    2025                   2024


     RMB4,000,001 – RMB4,500,000                                                                         1                      –
     RMB4,500,001 – RMB5,000,000                                                                         4                      3
     RMB5,000,001 – RMB5,500,000                                                                         –                      1
     RMB5,500,001 – RMB6,000,000                                                                         –                      1

     (1)     No emoluments had been paid or payable by the Group to any of the directors, supervisors or the five highest
             paid individuals as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office.

     (2)     During the year ended 31 December 2025, no non-cash benefits (share options, cars, insurance premium, club
             membership, etc.) were paid to the directors or supervisors (2024: Nil).

     (3)     During the year ended 31 December 2025, no retirement benefits were paid to the directors or supervisors by a
             defined benefit pension plan operated by the Group (2024: Nil).

     (4)     During the year ended 31 December 2025, no termination benefits were paid to the directors or supervisors by
             the Group (2024: Nil).

     (5)     During the year ended 31 December 2025, no consideration was provided by the Group to former employers for
             making available directors’ and supervisors’ services (2024: Nil).

     (6)     During the year ended 31 December 2025, no loans, quasi-loans or other dealings were provided in favour of
             directors or their connected entities (2024: Nil).

     (7)     During the year ended 31 December 2025, no significant transactions, arrangements and contracts were in
             relation to the corporate in which a director of the Group had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly
             subsisted (2024: Nil).
208     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      10           Income Tax Expense
                                                                                        Note                 2025               2024


                   Current income tax expense                                                               2,693               2,041
                   Deferred tax expense                                               VI.23(2)               (125)               (155)


                   Total                                                                                    2,568               1,886

                   Current income tax is calculated based on the statutory rate of 25% of the taxable income of the Group
                   in accordance with the PRC income tax regulations.

                   The difference between the actual income tax charged in the profit or loss and the amounts which would
                   result from applying the statutory tax rate to profit before taxation can be reconciled as follows:

                                                                                       Notes                 2025               2024


                   Profit before taxation                                                                  16,129             17,579

                   Tax calculated at statutory tax rate of 25%                                              4,032               4,395
                   Effects of non-taxable income                                         (1)               (3,038)             (3,287)
                   Effects of non-deductible expenses                                    (2)                1,815               1,019
                   Effects of perpetual bond interest expense                                                (241)               (241)


                   Income tax expense                                                                       2,568               1,886

                   (1)     The non-taxable income mainly represents interest income arising from treasury bonds and municipal
                           government bonds, and dividend income arising from fund investments, which are income tax free in accordance
                           with the PRC tax regulations.

                   (2)     The non-deductible expenses mainly include the non-deductible write-off losses assessed and confirmed item by
                           item, and certain expenses, which are not deductible before taxation according to the PRC tax regulations.
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025         209




                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                               (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
11   Basic and Diluted Earnings Per Share
     Basic earnings per share are calculated by dividing the net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders of
     the Bank by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding. At 31 December 2025, the
     Group possesses no share with potential dilution effect hence there’s no difference between basic and
     diluted earnings per share.

                                                                                         2025                   2024


     Consolidated net profit attributable to shareholders of the Bank                 12,931                  15,186
     Less: Net profit attributable to other equity instruments holders of
             the Bank                                                                    (963)                   (963)


     Consolidated net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders of
       the Bank                                                                       11,968                  14,223
     Weighted average number of ordinary shares (in millions of shares)               27,464                  27,464


     Basic and diluted earnings per share (RMB yuan/share)                               0.44                    0.52
210     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      12           Cash and Balances with the Central Bank
                                                                                                      31 December           31 December
                                                                                          Notes              2025                  2024


                   Cash                                                                                           869                  996


                   Balances with the central bank
                     – Statutory deposit reserves                                           (1)              108,579              108,572
                     – Surplus deposit reserves                                             (2)               12,790               15,077
                     – Foreign exchange risk reserves                                       (3)                3,410                4,946
                     – Fiscal deposits                                                      (4)                    2                   45


                   Subtotal                                                                                  124,781              128,640


                   Interest accrued                                                                                 54                  55


                   Total                                                                                     125,704              129,691

                   (1)     The Group is required to place statutory deposit reserves with the People’s Bank of China. These statutory
                           deposit reserves cannot be used for the daily business operation of the Group. At the balance sheet date, rates
                           for statutory deposit reserves were as follows:

                                                                                                        31 December          31 December
                                                                                                               2025                 2024

                           Statutory deposit reserves rate for deposits denominated in RMB                      5.50%               6.00%
                           Statutory deposit reserves rate for deposits denominated in
                             foreign currencies                                                                 4.00%               4.00%

                           The statutory deposit reserves ratios of the subsidiaries of the Bank complied with the requirement of the
                           People’s Bank of China.

                   (2)     Surplus deposit reserves includes the funds deposited in the People’s Bank of China for the purpose of capital
                           settlement and other non restrictive funds.

                   (3)     At 31 December 2025, the foreign exchange risk reserve ratio of the Bank is 20% (31 December 2024: 20%).

                   (4)     Financial deposits refer to the funds originated from financial institutions and deposited in the People’s Bank of
                           China according to regulations, which cannot be used for the daily business operation of the Group.
                                                                                               Annual Report 2025         211




                                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                             (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
13   Deposits with Banks and Other Financial Institutions
     Analyzed by type and location of counterparties

                                                                           31 December             31 December
                                                                                  2025                    2024


     In Chinese Mainland
        – Banks                                                                     44,043                  38,297
        – Other financial institutions                                              26,766                   8,710
     Outside Chinese Mainland
        – Banks                                                                       2,550                  4,740
        – Other financial institutions                                                  122                     83
     Interest accrued                                                                   105                     91


     Gross amount                                                                   73,586                  51,921
     Less: Allowance for ECLs (Note VI.25)                                              (3)                     (2)


     Carrying amount                                                                73,583                  51,919

     At 31 December 2025, the Group and the Bank deposited RMB26,848 million and RMB26,767 million
     respectively with banks in the PRC with restriction in use, respectively (At 31 December 2024, amounting
     to RMB8,283 million and RMB7,973 million, respectively).

14   Placements with Banks and Other Financial Institutions
     Analyzed by type and location of counterparties

                                                                           31 December             31 December
                                                                                  2025                    2024


     In Chinese Mainland
        – Other financial institutions                                                  877                 13,795
     Outside Chinese Mainland
        – Banks                                                                       1,572                  3,548
        – Other financial institutions                                                3,459                      –
     Interest accrued                                                                    53                     27


     Gross amount                                                                     5,961                 17,370
     Less: Allowance for ECLs (Note VI.25)                                               (9)                    (4)


     Carrying amount                                                                  5,952                 17,366
212     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      15           Derivative Financial Instruments and hedge accounting
                   The Group’s derivative financial instruments include interest rate derivatives, currency derivatives,
                   precious metal and other derivatives. At the balance sheet date, the derivative financial instruments held
                   by the Group are set out below:

                   At 31 December 2025
                                                                                                  Fair value
                                                                                           Derivative         Derivative
                                                              Notional amount        financial assets financial liabilities


                   Interest rate derivatives                         1,506,310                  4,477                    (4,525)
                   Currency derivatives                              1,767,804                 11,788                   (12,017)
                   Precious metal and other derivatives                274,088                 11,286                    (4,227)


                   Total                                             3,548,202                 27,551                   (20,769)


                   Derivatives designated as
                     hedging Instruments:
                     – Interest rate derivatives                          7,950                     35                         –

                   At 31 December 2024
                                                                                                   Fair value
                                                                                            Derivative              Derivative
                                                               Notional amount        financial assets      financial liabilities


                   Interest rate derivatives                         1,742,708                 10,348                   (10,634)
                   Currency derivatives                              1,757,665                 24,372                   (21,962)
                   Precious metal and other derivatives                285,614                  6,972                     (3,489)


                   Total                                             3,785,987                 41,692                   (36,085)


                   Derivatives designated as
                     hedging Instruments:
                     – Interest rate derivatives                          7,950                       –                      (10)

                   Under the daily mark-to-market and settlement arrangement, any gains or losses of the Group’s position
                   in interest rate swap contracts settled in the Shanghai Clearing House, precious metals futures, precious
                   metals (T+D) and standard bond forward were settled daily and the corresponding receipts and payments
                   were included in the guaranteed deposits.
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025         213




                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
15    Derivative Financial Instruments and hedge accounting (continued)
(1)   Fair value hedges
      The Group uses interest rate swap instruments to hedge against changes in the fair value of fixed-rate
      RMB bonds measured at AC.

      By hedging its exposure to interest rate changes using derivative financial instruments, the Group also
      faces credit risk from derivative counterparties, which is not offset by the hedged items. The Group
      effectively controls the credit risk of derivative counterparties by transacting with counterparties with
      higher credit ratings.

      Prior to adopting fair value hedge accounting, the Group assesses, through qualitative or quantitative
      analysis, whether there is an economic relationship between the hedged items and the hedging
      instruments. In evaluating the existence of an economic relationship, the Group assesses whether the
      changes in the fair value of the hedged items and the hedging instruments, resulting from the hedged
      risks, are similar. Further, the Group uses sensitivity analysis to assess the correlation between the
      changes in the values of the hedging instruments and the hedged items to support this qualitative
      assessment.

      In these hedging relationships, the primary sources of hedge ineffectiveness are:

      –         The impact of counterparties on the fair value of interest rate swaps, including the influence
                of counterparties’ credit risk and the Group’s own credit risks on the fair value of interest rate
                swaps, which is not reflected in the fair value of the hedged items due to interest rate changes.

      –         The difference in maturity dates between the interest rate swaps and the bonds.

      During the reporting period, gains and losses arising from the hedge ineffectiveness recognized in the net
      income from trading activities were not significant.
214     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      16           Financial Assets Purchased Under Resale Agreements
      (1)          Analyzed by type and location of counterparties
                                                                        31 December    31 December
                                                                               2025           2024


                   In Chinese Mainland
                      – Banks                                                 3,879         23,177
                      – Other financial institutions                         86,714         45,230
                   Interest accrued                                              44             22


                   Gross amount                                              90,637         68,429
                   Less: Allowance for ECLs (Note VI.25)                        (38)           (22)


                   Carrying amount                                           90,599         68,407


      (2)          Analyzed by type of collateral
                                                                        31 December    31 December
                                                                               2025           2024


                   Bills                                                        626              –
                   Bonds
                      – Financial bonds                                      66,949         38,301
                      – Government bonds                                     23,018         30,106
                   Interest accrued                                              44             22


                   Gross amount                                              90,637         68,429
                   Less: Allowance for ECLs (Note VI.25)                        (38)           (22)


                   Carrying amount                                           90,599         68,407
                                                                                                               Annual Report 2025         215




                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                             (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
17    Loans and Advances to Customers
                                                                                            31 December            31 December
                                                                                                   2025                   2024


      Loans and advances to customers measured at AC                                            1,575,832              1,487,701
      Loans and advances to customers measured at FVOCI                                           307,405                324,983


      Total                                                                                     1,883,237              1,812,684


(1)   Analyzed by classification and nature
                                                                                            31 December            31 December
                                                                                Note               2025                   2024


      Loans and advances to customers measured at AC
      Corporate loans and advances                                                              1,143,579              1,054,519


      Personal loans and advances
        – Residential mortgage loans                                                               186,339                168,136
        – Personal business loans                                                                  157,823                183,641
        – Personal consumer loans                                                                  118,357                117,405


      Personal loans and advances                                                                  462,519                469,182


      Loans and advances to customers measured at FVOCI
      Corporate loans and advances                                                                 187,880                195,047
      Discounted bills                                                           (a)               116,916                119,200
      Personal loans and advances
        – Personal business loans                                                                     1,889                  9,449


      Subtotal                                                                                  1,912,783              1,847,397

      Fair value changes                                                                                706                  1,224
      Interest accrued                                                                                9,222                  8,495


      Gross amount                                                                              1,922,711              1,857,116
      Less: Allowance for ECLs (Note VI.25)                                                       (39,474)               (44,432)


      Carrying amount                                                                           1,883,237              1,812,684

      (a)     At the balance sheet date, part of discounted bills are pledged for secured liabilities, please refer to Note XI 1.
216     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      17           Loans and Advances to Customers (continued)
      (2)          Analyzed by type of collateral
                                                            31 December 2025        31 December 2024
                                                            Amount    Proportion    Amount     Proportion


                   Unsecured loans                          432,182      22.59%     468,309       25.35%
                   Guaranteed loans                         490,627      25.65%     377,355       20.43%
                   Collateralized loans
                     – Mortgage loans                       800,607      41.86%     813,467       44.03%
                     – Pledged loans                         72,451       3.79%      69,066        3.74%
                   Discounted bills                         116,916       6.11%     119,200        6.45%


                   Subtotal                                1,912,783    100.00%    1,847,397     100.00%


                   Fair value changes                            706                   1,224
                   Interest accrued                            9,222                   8,495


                   Gross amount                            1,922,711               1,857,116
                   Less: Allowance for ECLs (Note VI.25)     (39,474)                (44,432)


                   Carrying amount                         1,883,237               1,812,684
                                                                                              Annual Report 2025         217




                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                            (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
17    Loans and Advances to Customers (continued)
(3)   Overdue loans and advances to customers analyzed by overdue period (fair value changes and interest
      accrued excluded)
                                                                31 December 2025
                                                         Overdue      Overdue
                                          Overdue        between      between
                                             within     3 months 1 year and      Overdue
                                         3 months      and 1 year      3 years  more than
                                        (inclusive)    (inclusive)  (inclusive)   3 years                    Total


      Unsecured loans                        2,527         5,016         1,487              322             9,352
      Guaranteed loans                         850         1,188         1,595              370             4,003
      Collateralized loans
        – Mortgage loans                     6,912         8,269         3,991              453            19,625
        – Pledged loans                         95         1,396            92              150             1,733


      Total overdue loans                  10,384         15,869         7,165           1,295             34,713

                                                                  31 December 2024
                                                          Overdue        Overdue
                                           Overdue        between        between
                                              within    3 months      1 year and    Overdue
                                         3 months      and 1 year         3 years  more than
                                         (inclusive)    (inclusive)    (inclusive)   3 years                 Total


      Unsecured loans                        2,562         3,300           937              190             6,989
      Guaranteed loans                       1,696         1,287         1,125              516             4,624
      Collateralized loans
        – Mortgage loans                     8,121         7,613         5,404               43            21,181
        – Pledged loans                         20           415            88              194               717


      Total overdue loans                  12,399         12,615         7,554              943            33,511

      Overdue loans represent loans of which the whole or part of the principal or interest has been overdue
      for one day or more.
218     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      17           Loans and Advances to Customers (continued)
      (4)          Analyzed by assessment of allowance for ECLs
      (a)          Allowance for ECLs of loans and advances to customers measured at AC (interest accrued excluded)
                                                                             31 December 2025
                                                                  Stage 1    Stage 2      Stage 3            Total


                   Loans and advances to customers
                     measured at AC
                     – Corporate loans and advances          1,074,622        50,620         18,337     1,143,579
                     – Personal loans and advances             439,780        11,718         11,021       462,519


                   Gross amount                              1,514,402         62,338        29,358     1,606,098
                   Less: Allowance for ECLs (Note VI.25)       (10,430)       (11,601)      (17,443)      (39,474)


                   Carrying amount                           1,503,972        50,737         11,915     1,566,624

                                                                             31 December 2024
                                                                  Stage 1    Stage 2       Stage 3           Total


                   Loans and advances to customers
                     measured at AC
                     – Corporate loans and advances               979,805     55,953         18,761     1,054,519
                     – Personal loans and advances                451,848      9,208          8,126       469,182


                   Gross amount                              1,431,653         65,161        26,887     1,523,701
                   Less: Allowance for ECLs (Note VI.25)       (12,076)       (14,972)      (17,384)      (44,432)


                   Carrying amount                           1,419,577        50,189          9,503     1,479,269
                                                                                              Annual Report 2025         219




                                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                            (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
17    Loans and Advances to Customers (continued)
(4)   Analyzed by assessment of allowance for ECLs (continued)
(b)   Allowance for ECLs of loans and advances to customers measured at FVOCI (fair value changes and
      interest accrued excluded)
                                                                 31 December 2025
                                                  Stage 1        Stage 2      Stage 3                        Total


      Loans and advances to customers
        measured at FVOCI
        – Corporate loans and advances            187,537           113                   230            187,880
        – Discounted bills                        116,886            17                    13            116,916
        – Personal loans and advances               1,195           335                   359              1,889


      Total                                       305,618           465                   602            306,685


      Allowance for ECLs (Note VI.25)                (590)           (71)                (319)                (980)

                                                                 31 December 2024
                                                  Stage 1        Stage 2       Stage 3                       Total


      Loans and advances to customers
        measured at FVOCI
        – Corporate loans and advances            194,602           153                   292            195,047
        – Discounted bills                        119,187             –                    13            119,200
        – Personal loans and advances               8,645           431                   373              9,449


      Total                                       322,434           584                   678            323,696


      Allowance for ECLs (Note VI.25)                (689)          (117)                (313)             (1,119)
220     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      17           Loans and Advances to Customers (continued)
      (5)          Movements of the allowance for ECLs of loans and advances to customers
      (a)          Movements of the allowance for ECLs of loans and advances to customers measured at AC
                                                                                   2025
                                                               Stage 1       Stage 2        Stage 3          Total


                   Balance at 1 January 2025                    12,076        14,972        17,384         44,432
                   Transfer
                     – to Stage 1                                  468           (444)          (24)             –
                     – to Stage 2                                 (476)           880          (404)             –
                     – to Stage 3                                 (351)        (5,028)        5,379              –
                   (Reversal)/charge (Note VI.7)                (1,256)         1,221        20,805         20,770
                   Write-off and transfer out                        –              –       (27,812)       (27,812)
                   Recoveries of loans and advances
                     previously written off                          –              –         2,235         2,235
                   Other movements                                 (31)             –          (120)         (151)


                   Balance at 31 December 2025                  10,430        11,601        17,443         39,474

                                                                                    2024
                                                               Stage 1        Stage 2       Stage 3          Total


                   Balance at 1 January 2024                    11,404        14,776        16,788         42,968
                   Transfer
                     – to Stage 1                                1,375         (1,338)           (37)            –
                     – to Stage 2                                 (473)           532            (59)            –
                     – to Stage 3                                 (191)        (2,422)        2,613              –
                   (Reversal)/charge (Note VI.7)                    (52)        3,424        22,472         25,844
                   Write-off and transfer out                         –             –       (26,688)       (26,688)
                   Recoveries of loans and advances
                     previously written off                          –              –         2,389         2,389
                   Other movements                                  13              –           (94)          (81)


                   Balance at 31 December 2024                  12,076        14,972        17,384         44,432
                                                                                               Annual Report 2025         221




                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                             (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
17    Loans and Advances to Customers (continued)
(5)   Movements of the allowance for ECLs of loans and advances to customers (continued)
(b)   Movements of the allowance for ECLs on loans and advances to customers measured at FVOCI
                                                                      2025
                                                  Stage 1       Stage 2              Stage 3                  Total


      Balance at 1 January 2025                       689             117                  313               1,119
      Transfer
        – to Stage 1                                   10              (9)                  (1)                   –
        – to Stage 2                                   (5)              8                   (3)                   –
        – to Stage 3                                  (12)            (77)                  89                    –
      (Reversal)/charge (Note VI.7)                   (92)             32                  509                  449
      Write-off and transfer out                        –               –                 (627)                (627)
      Recoveries of loans and advances
        previously written off                           –              –                    39                  39


      Balance at 31 December 2025                     590              71                  319                  980

                                                                       2024
                                                  Stage 1        Stage 2              Stage 3                 Total


      Balance at 1 January 2024                     1,351             101                  490               1,942
      Transfer
        – to Stage 1                                     –              –                     –                    –
        – to Stage 2                                   (11)            14                    (3)                   –
        – to Stage 3                                   (12)            (6)                  18                     –
      (Reversal)/charge (Note VI.7)                  (639)              8                  616                   (15)
      Write-off and transfer out                         –              –                 (808)                (808)


      Balance at 31 December 2024                     689             117                  313               1,119


18    Financial Investments
                                                                         31 December               31 December
                                                              Notes             2025                      2024


      Financial investments measured at FVTPL                 18.1                229,795                 228,873
      Financial investments measured at AC                    18.2                454,851                 469,159
      Financial investments measured at FVOCI                 18.3                366,861                 357,419


      Total                                                                     1,051,507              1,055,451
222     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      18           Financial Investments (continued)
      18.1         Financial investments measured at FVTPL
                                                                                                      31 December           31 December
                                                                                           Note              2025                  2024


                   Fund investments                                                         (1)              136,837             175,096
                   Bond and ABS investments
                     – Government bonds                                                                        4,837                2,343
                     – Financial bonds                                                                        20,129               21,862
                     – Interbank certificates of deposit                                                      21,432                2,692
                     – Asset-backed securities (“ABS”)                                      (1)               41,571               13,365
                     – Other bonds                                                                             1,123                8,020
                   Equity investments                                                                          2,032                3,559
                   Trust schemes and asset management plans                                 (1)                1,477                1,815
                   Wealth management products                                                                    357                  121


                   Total                                                                                     229,795             228,873

                   (1)     Including investments that are included in the scope of consolidation in accordance with the definition of control
                           set out in Note VII.2.

                   Analyzed by listing location:

                                                                                                      31 December           31 December
                                                                                                             2025                  2024


                   Fund investments
                     – Listed outside Hong Kong                                                              136,837             175,096
                   Bond and ABS investments
                     – Listed in Hong Kong                                                                       978                2,417
                     – Listed outside Hong Kong                                                               88,114               45,865
                   Trust schemes and asset management plans
                     – Unlisted                                                                                 1,477               1,815
                   Equity investments
                     – Listed outside Hong Kong                                                                 1,778               1,976
                     – Unlisted                                                                                   254               1,583
                   Wealth management products
                     – Unlisted                                                                                   357                  121


                   Total                                                                                     229,795             228,873

                   Bond investments traded on the Mainland interbank bond market are included in the listed outside Hong
                   Kong category.
                                                                                                               Annual Report 2025        223




                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                            (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
18     Financial Investments (continued)
18.1   Financial investments measured at FVTPL (continued)
       Analyzed by type of issuers:

                                                                                          31 December             31 December
                                                                                                 2025                    2024


       Chinese Mainland issuers
          – Government                                                                             4,837                   2,343
          – Banking and other financial institutions                                             218,163                 210,460
          – Corporate entities                                                                     6,793                  12,754
       Issuers outside Chinese Mainland
          – Banking and other financial institutions                                                       –                2,123
          – Corporate entities                                                                             2                1,193


       Total                                                                                     229,795                 228,873


18.2   Financial investments measured at AC
                                                                                          31 December             31 December
                                                                              Notes              2025                    2024


       Bond and ABS investments                                                 (1)
          – Government bonds                                                                     240,356                 234,495
          – Financial bonds                                                                      134,199                 127,331
          – Debt financing plans                                                                   1,219                   3,080
          – Asset-backed securities (“ABS”)                                                          164                     696
          – Other bonds                                                                            6,367                  24,457
       Trust schemes and asset management plans                                 (2)               89,972                  97,784
       Interest accrued                                                                            7,600                   6,713


       Gross amount                                                                              479,877                 494,556
       Less: Allowance for ECLs (Note VI.25)                                                     (25,026)                (25,397)


       Carrying amount                                                                           454,851                 469,159

       (1)     At the balance sheet date, part of bond investments measured at amortised cost are pledged for secured
               liabilities, please refer to Note XI 1.

       (2)     Including investments that are included in the scope of consolidation in accordance with the definition of control
               set out in Note VII.2. Trust schemes and asset management plans, mainly invested in credit assets, ABS and
               equity investments under repurchase agreements, are managed and operated by third-party trustees or asset
               managers.
224     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      18           Financial Investments (continued)
      18.2         Financial investments measured at AC (continued)
                   Analyzed by listing location:

                                                                      31 December   31 December
                                                                             2025          2024


                   Bond and ABS investments
                      – Listed in Hong Kong                                 2,538        13,494
                      – Listed outside Hong Kong                          378,047       370,815
                      – Unlisted                                            1,720         5,750
                   Trust schemes and asset management plans
                      – Unlisted                                           89,972        97,784
                   Interest accrued                                         7,600         6,713


                   Total                                                  479,877       494,556

                   Analyzed by type of issuers:

                                                                      31 December   31 December
                                                                             2025          2024


                   Chinese Mainland issuers
                      – Government                                        230,468       223,819
                      – Banking and other financial institutions          134,801       127,708
                      – Corporate entities                                 95,324       119,717
                   Issuers outside Chinese Mainland
                      – Government                                          9,888         8,275
                      – Corporate entities                                  1,796         8,324
                   Interest accrued                                         7,600         6,713


                   Total                                                  479,877       494,556
                                                                                              Annual Report 2025         225




                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                            (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
18     Financial Investments (continued)
18.2   Financial investments measured at AC (continued)
       The gross amount and allowance for ECLs of financial investments measured at AC are analyzed as
       follows (interest accrued excluded):

                                                                31 December 2025
                                                  Stage 1       Stage 2      Stage 3                         Total


       Financial investments measured at AC       419,076         3,253               49,948             472,277
       Less: Allowance for ECLs (Note VI.25)         (413)         (612)             (24,001)            (25,026)


       Carrying amount                            418,663         2,641               25,947             447,251

                                                                31 December 2024
                                                   Stage 1      Stage 2       Stage 3                        Total


       Financial investments measured at AC       429,470          6,171              52,202             487,843
       Less: Allowance for ECLs (Note VI.25)         (651)        (1,058)            (23,688)            (25,397)


       Carrying amount                            428,819         5,113               28,514             462,446
226     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      18           Financial Investments (continued)
      18.2         Financial investments measured at AC (continued)
                   Movement of allowance for ECLs of financial investments measured at AC
                                                                                   2025
                                                              Stage 1        Stage 2        Stage 3     Total


                   Balance at 1 January 2025                      651          1,058        23,688     25,397
                   Transfer
                     – to Stage 1                                    –             –              –         –
                     – to Stage 2                                    –           420           (420)        –
                     – to Stage 3                                    –          (626)           626         –
                   (Reversal)/charge (Note VI.7)                  (237)         (240)         2,621     2,144
                   Write-off                                         –             –         (2,471)   (2,471)
                   Recoveries of financial investments
                     previously written off                            –           –            437       437
                   Other movements                                    (1)          –           (480)     (481)


                   Balance at 31 December 2025                    413            612        24,001     25,026

                                                                                   2024
                                                               Stage 1       Stage 2        Stage 3     Total


                   Balance at 1 January 2024                     1,020         3,434        23,264     27,718
                   Transfer
                     – to Stage 1                                     –            –              –         –
                     – to Stage 2                                   (38)          38              –         –
                     – to Stage 3                                     –       (1,953)         1,953         –
                   (Reversal)/charge (Note VI.7)                  (334)         (461)         2,541     1,746
                   Write-off                                          –            –         (3,781)   (3,781)
                   Recoveries of financial investments
                     previously written off                           –            –            165       165
                   Other movements                                    3            –           (454)     (451)


                   Balance at 31 December 2024                    651          1,058        23,688     25,397
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025         227




                                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                    (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
18     Financial Investments (continued)
18.3   Financial investments measured at FVOCI
                                                                                   31 December            31 December
                                                                        Note              2025                   2024


       Bond and ABS investments
          – Government bonds                                                              81,664                   96,352
          – Financial bonds                                                              159,389                   82,495
          – Interbank certificates of deposit                                             17,118                   67,398
          – Asset-backed securities (“ABS”)                                               14,228                   44,845
          – Other bonds                                                                   88,840                   61,947
       Other debt instruments                                                                  –                       50
       Interest accrued                                                                    4,158                    2,912


       Subtotal                                                                          365,397                 355,999

       Financial investments designated to be measured
         at FVOCI
       Equity investments                                                 (1)                1,464                  1,420


       Total                                                                             366,861                 357,419

       (1)     Certain non-trading equity investments are designated by the Group as financial investments measured at
               FVOCI. For the year ended 31 December 2025, dividend income recognized on such equity investments
               amounted to RMB6 million (For the year ended 31 December 2024: RMB6 million).


       Analyzed by listing location:

                                                                                   31 December            31 December
                                                                                          2025                   2024


       Bond and ABS investments and other debt instruments
          – Listed in Hong Kong                                                           33,225                  28,802
          – Listed outside Hong Kong                                                     299,912                 269,879
          – Unlisted                                                                      28,102                  54,406
       Equity investments
          – Unlisted                                                                         1,464                  1,420
       Interest accrued                                                                      4,158                  2,912


       Total                                                                             366,861                 357,419
228     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      18           Financial Investments (continued)
      18.3         Financial investments measured at FVOCI (continued)
                   Analyzed by type of issuers:

                                                                                    31 December        31 December
                                                                                           2025               2024


                   Chinese Mainland issuers
                      – Government                                                        67,068            74,724
                      – Banking and other financial institutions                         143,598           123,187
                      – Corporate entities                                                68,337            62,115
                   Issuers outside Chinese Mainland
                      – Government                                                         18,694           21,644
                      – Banking and other financial institutions                           37,260           54,656
                      – Corporate entities                                                 26,282           16,761
                   Interest accrued                                                         4,158            2,912


                   Subtotal                                                              365,397           355,999

                   Equity investments                                                       1,464            1,420


                   Total                                                                 366,861           357,419

                   The gross amount and allowance for ECLs of debt instruments measured at FVOCI are analyzed as
                   follows (fair value changes and interest accrued excluded):

                                                                              31 December 2025
                                                                   Stage 1    Stage 2      Stage 3           Total


                   Debt instruments measured at FVOCI              360,637          –           79         360,716


                   Allowance for ECLs (Note VI.25)                    (367)         –           (26)          (393)

                                                                              31 December 2024
                                                                   Stage 1    Stage 2       Stage 3           Total


                   Debt instruments measured at FVOCI              348,711        80           436         349,227


                   Allowance for ECLs (Note VI.25)                    (345)        (8)         (325)          (678)
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025         229




                                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                 (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
18     Financial Investments (continued)
18.3   Financial investments measured at FVOCI (continued)
       Movement of the allowance for ECLs of debt instruments measured at FVOCI
                                                                            2025
                                                          Stage 1     Stage 2            Stage 3                  Total


       Balance at 1 January 2025                               345          8                  325                  678
       Transfer
         – to Stage 1                                            –          –                    –                    –
         – to Stage 2                                            –          –                    –                    –
         – to Stage 3                                            –         (8)                   8                    –
       Charge (Note VI.7)                                       22          –                   96                  118
       Write-off                                                 –          –                 (404)                (404)
       Recoveries of financial investments                       –          –                   16                   16
       Other movements                                           –          –                  (15)                 (15)


       Balance at 31 December 2025                             367          –                    26                 393

                                                                            2024
                                                          Stage 1     Stage 2             Stage 3                 Total


       Balance at 1 January 2024                               224       106                   187                  517
       Transfer
         – to Stage 1                                          101       (101)                   –                    –
         – to Stage 2                                            –          –                    –                    –
         – to Stage 3                                            –          –                    –                    –
       Charge (Note VI.7)                                       17          3                  138                  158
       Other movements                                           3          –                    –                    3


       Balance at 31 December 2024                             345          8                  325                  678


19     Investment in Subsidiaries
       The Bank
                                                                             31 December               31 December
                                                                                    2025                      2024


       Zheyin Financial Leasing                                                           2,040                  2,040
       Zheyin Wealth Management                                                           2,393                      –


       Total                                                                              4,433                  2,040

       For details of the subsidiaries, please refer to Note VII.1.
230     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      20           Fixed Assets
                                                                                            31 December         31 December
                                                                             Notes                 2025                2024


                   Fixed assets                                                   (1)               32,654           28,078
                   Construction in progress                                       (2)                3,950            3,190


                   Total                                                                            36,604           31,268


      (1)          Fixed assets
                                                                                                    Fixed assets
                                                                                                          leased
                                                      Properties    Office and                         out under
                                                             and     electronic           Motor        operating
                                                       buildings    equipment           vehicles          leases       Total


                   Cost
                     At 1 January 2025                   18,764          2,401              198          13,191      34,554
                     Additions                                6            138               13           6,184       6,341
                     Transfers from construction in
                        progress                            617              –                 –                –       617
                     Disposals and other changes              –            (60)              (22)            (808)     (890)


                      At 31 December 2025                19,387          2,479              189          18,567      40,622


                   Less: Accumulated depreciation
                     At 1 January 2025                    (3,681)       (1,846)            (140)             (809)    (6,476)
                     Charge                                 (736)         (176)             (19)             (690)    (1,621)
                     Disposals and other changes               –            58               20               111        189


                      At 31 December 2025                 (4,417)       (1,964)            (139)          (1,388)     (7,908)


                   Less: Depreciation reserves
                     At 1 January 2025                         –             –                 –                –          –
                     Charge                                    –             –                 –              (60)       (60)


                      At 31 December 2025                      –             –                 –              (60)       (60)


                   Carrying amount
                     Balance at 31 December 2025         14,970            515               50          17,119      32,654


                      Balance at 1 January 2025          15,083            555               58          12,382      28,078
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025         231




                                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
20    Fixed Assets (continued)
(1)   Fixed assets (continued)
                                                                                          Fixed assets
                                                                                                leased
                                            Properties     Office and                        out under
                                                   and      electronic       Motor           operating
                                             buildings     equipment       vehicles             leases            Total


      Cost
        At 1 January 2024                      18,537           2,267          188              6,627          27,619
        Additions                                  36             175           20              7,838           8,069
        Transfers from construction in
          progress                                 202              –            –                  –              202
        Disposals and other changes                (11)           (41)         (10)            (1,274)          (1,336)


        At 31 December 2024                    18,764           2,401          198             13,191          34,554


      Less: Accumulated depreciation
        At 1 January 2024                       (2,980)        (1,699)        (135)              (460)          (5,274)
        Charge                                    (707)          (185)          (15)             (449)          (1,356)
        Disposals and other changes                  6             38            10               100              154


        At 31 December 2024                     (3,681)        (1,846)        (140)              (809)          (6,476)


      Carrying amount
        Balance at 31 December 2024            15,083             555           58             12,382          28,078


        Balance at 1 January 2024              15,557             568           53              6,167          22,345

      At the balance sheet date, there is no significant idle assets held by the Group.

      At 31 December 2025, the Group’s properties and buildings with carrying amount of RMB471 million (31
      December 2024: RMB910 million) were still in progress of obtaining the legal titles.
232     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      20           Fixed Assets (continued)
      (2)          Construction in progress
                                                                            Construction
                                                                             in progress


                   Balance at 1 January 2025                                      3,190
                   Additions for the year                                         1,520
                   Transfers to fixed assets                                       (617)
                   Transfers to long-term prepaid expenses                         (143)


                   Balance at 31 December 2025                                    3,950

                                                                            Construction
                                                                             in progress


                   Balance at 1 January 2024                                      2,396
                   Additions for the year                                         1,111
                   Transfers to fixed assets                                       (202)
                   Transfers to long-term prepaid expenses                         (115)


                   Balance at 31 December 2024                                    3,190
                                                                                           Annual Report 2025         233




                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                         (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
21    Lease
(1)   Right-of-use assets
                                                           Properties
                                               Land use           and
                                                  rights    buildings              Others                 Total


      Cost
        At 1 January 2025                         1,950        6,056                     65              8,071
        Additions                                     –          422                      6                428
        Reductions                                    –         (410)                    (2)              (412)


        At 31 December 2025                       1,950        6,068                     69              8,087


      Less: Accumulated depreciation
        At 1 January 2025                          (370)       (2,984)                  (32)            (3,386)
        Charge                                      (49)         (722)                   (8)              (779)
        Reductions                                    –           287                     –                287


        At 31 December 2025                        (419)       (3,419)                  (40)            (3,878)


      Carrying amount
        Balance at 31 December 2025               1,531        2,649                     29              4,209


        Balance at 1 January 2025                 1,580        3,072                     33              4,685
234     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      21           Lease (continued)
      (1)          Right-of-use assets (continued)
                                                                                  Properties
                                                                   Land use              and
                                                                      rights       buildings             Others           Total


                   Cost
                     At 1 January 2024                                1,950            5,910                53           7,913
                     Additions                                            –              610                16             626
                     Reductions                                           –             (464)               (4)           (468)


                      At 31 December 2024                             1,950            6,056                65           8,071


                   Less: Accumulated depreciation
                     At 1 January 2024                                   (321)        (2,663)               (25)        (3,009)
                     Charge                                                (49)         (747)               (10)          (806)
                     Reductions                                              –           426                  3            429


                      At 31 December 2024                                (370)        (2,984)               (32)        (3,386)


                   Carrying amount
                     Balance at 31 December 2024                      1,580            3,072                33           4,685


                      Balance at 1 January 2024                       1,629            3,247                28           4,904

                   At the balance sheet date, there is no land use rights held by the Group for which the title certificate has
                   not been issued.

      (2)          Lease liabilities
                   Analysis of undiscounted lease payments on the maturity date of lease liabilities:

                                                                                            31 December            31 December
                                                                                                   2025                   2024


                   Within 1 year (inclusive)                                                             771               837
                   1 – 2 years (inclusive)                                                               561               711
                   2 – 3 years (inclusive)                                                               445               534
                   3 – 4 years (inclusive)                                                               385               414
                   4 – 5 years (inclusive)                                                               319               343
                   Above 5 years                                                                         471               640


                   The total amount of undiscounted lease payments                                      2,952            3,479


                   Carrying amount of lease liabilities at 31 December                                  2,691            3,131
                                                                                 Annual Report 2025         235




                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                               (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
22   Intangible Assets
                                                                                         Computer
                                                                                          software


     Cost
       At 1 January 2025                                                                       1,451
       Additions                                                                                 344


       At 31 December 2025                                                                     1,795


     Less: Accumulated amortisation
       At 1 January 2025                                                                         (640)
       Charge                                                                                    (134)


       At 31 December 2025                                                                       (774)


     Carrying amount
       Balance at 31 December 2025                                                             1,021


       Balance at 1 January 2025                                                                  811

                                                                                          Computer
                                                                                           software


     Cost
       At 1 January 2024                                                                       1,197
       Additions                                                                                 254


       At 31 December 2024                                                                     1,451


     Less: Accumulated amortisation
       At 1 January 2024                                                                         (527)
       Charge                                                                                    (113)


       At 31 December 2024                                                                       (640)


     Carrying amount
       Balance at 31 December 2024                                                                811


       Balance at 1 January 2024                                                                  670
236     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      23           Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities
      (1)          Deferred tax assets and liabilities before offsetting
                                                                    31 December 2025               31 December 2024
                                                                Deductible/                     Deductible/
                                                                   (taxable)     Deferred          (taxable)      Deferred
                                                                 temporary    tax assets/        temporary    tax assets/
                                                                 difference    (liabilities)     difference     (liabilities)


                   Allowance for ECLs and provisions                 92,399          23,100          89,800          22,450
                   Employee benefits payable                          2,883             721           2,280             570
                   Unrealized losses of financial
                      instruments measured at FVTPL
                      and precious metals                                58              15              47              12
                   Others                                             3,699             924           3,780             945


                   Deferred tax assets before offsetting             99,039          24,760          95,907          23,977


                   Depreciation of fixed assets                            (468)       (117)           (559)            (140)
                   Unrealized gains of financial
                     instruments measured at FVTPL
                     and precious metals                                   (110)        (27)         (1,203)            (301)
                   Unrealized gains of financial
                     investments measured at FVOCI                    (1,668)          (417)         (5,480)          (1,370)
                   Unrealized gains of derivative
                     financial instruments                            (7,451)        (1,863)         (3,611)            (903)
                   Others                                             (2,674)          (669)         (3,126)            (781)


                   Deferred tax liabilities before offsetting       (12,371)         (3,093)        (13,979)          (3,495)


                   Net amount after offsetting                       86,668          21,667          81,928          20,482


      (2)          Changes in deferred tax
                                                                                           31 December         31 December
                                                                                                  2025                2024


                   Balance at the beginning of the year                                            20,482            21,184
                   Charge to profit or loss for the year                                              125               155
                   Charge to other comprehensive income                                             1,060              (857)


                   Balance at the end of the year                                                  21,667            20,482

                   At the balance sheet date, the Group has no significant unrecognized deferred tax assets and liabilities.
                                                                                  Annual Report 2025         237




                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
24    Other Assets
                                                               31 December            31 December
                                                       Notes          2025                   2024


      Finance lease receivables                         (1)            64,605                  61,096
      Long-term prepaid expenses                        (2)             2,446                   1,435
      Guaranteed deposits                                               2,182                   2,620
      Deductible input Value Added Tax (“VAT”)                          1,789                   1,459
      Settlement and clearing accounts                                  1,171                   1,704
      Interest receivable                                                 958                   1,260
      Non-financial repossessed assets                  (3)               745                     604
      Prepayment                                                          640                     729
      Continuing involvement assets (Note VI.45 (1))                      568                   1,212
      Fee receivables                                                     538                     709
      Others                                                            2,887                   1,299


      Total                                                            78,529                  74,127


(1)   Finance lease receivables
                                                               31 December            31 December
                                                        Note          2025                   2024


      Finance lease receivables                          (a)             9,164                  6,782
      Less: Unrecognized finance income                                 (1,584)                (1,223)


      Balance of finance lease receivables                               7,580                  5,559

      Finance leaseback receivables                                    58,776                  57,180


      Subtotal                                                         66,356                  62,739

      Interest accrued                                                     487                    485
      Less: Allowance for ECLs (Note VI.25)                             (2,238)                (2,128)


      Carrying amount                                                  64,605                  61,096
238     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      24           Other Assets (continued)
      (1)          Finance lease receivables (continued)
                   The minimum undiscounted finance lease receivables to be received by the Group in each of the five
                   consecutive accounting years after the balance sheet date are as follows (interest accrued excluded):

                                                                31 December 2025               31 December 2024
                                                                Amount    Proportion           Amount     Proportion


                   Within 1 year (inclusive)                       2,691        29.36%           1,742         25.69%
                   1 – 2 years (inclusive)                         1,657        18.09%           1,778         26.22%
                   2 – 3 years (inclusive)                         1,057        11.53%             691         10.18%
                   3 – 4 years (inclusive)                           584         6.37%             447          6.59%
                   4 – 5 years (inclusive)                           503         5.49%             272          4.01%
                   Above 5 years                                   2,672        29.16%           1,852         27.31%


                   Total                                           9,164       100.00%           6,782        100.00%

                   Analyzed by assessment of allowance for ECLs of finance lease receivables (interest accrued
                   excluded)
                                                                                31 December 2025
                                                                 Stage 1        Stage 2      Stage 3             Total


                   Finance lease receivables                      63,090          2,435             831        66,356
                   Less: Allowance for ECLs (Note VI.25)          (1,054)          (576)           (608)       (2,238)


                   Carrying amount                                62,036          1,859            223         64,118

                                                                                31 December 2024
                                                                 Stage 1        Stage 2       Stage 3            Total


                   Finance lease receivables                      59,320          2,622             797        62,739
                   Less: Allowance for ECLs (Note VI.25)          (1,138)          (457)           (533)       (2,128)


                   Carrying amount                                58,182          2,165            264         60,611
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025         239




                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                  (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
24    Other Assets (continued)
(1)   Finance lease receivables (continued)
      Movements of the allowance for ECLs of finance lease receivables
                                                                            2025
                                                      Stage 1         Stage 2             Stage 3                  Total


      Balance at 1 January 2025                          1,138             457                  533               2,128
      Transfer
        – to Stage 1                                         2               –                   (2)                   –
        – to Stage 2                                       (37)             89                  (52)                   –
        – to Stage 3                                        (7)            (99)                 106                    –
      (Reversal)/charge (Note VI.7)                        (42)            129                  597                  684
      Write-off                                              –               –                 (663)                (663)
      Recoveries of finance lease receivables
        previously written off                               –                –                   89                  89


      Balance at 31 December 2025                        1,054             576                  608               2,238

                                                                             2024
                                                       Stage 1         Stage 2             Stage 3                 Total


      Balance at 1 January 2024                          1,230             192                  472               1,894
      Transfer
        – to Stage 1                                         –               –                     –                   –
        – to Stage 2                                       (38)             60                   (22)                  –
        – to Stage 3                                       (21)            (18)                   39                   –
      (Reversal)/charge (Note VI.7)                        (33)            223                  507                  697
      Write-off                                              –               –                 (585)                (585)
      Recoveries of finance lease receivables
        previously written off                               –                –                 122                  122


      Balance at 31 December 2024                        1,138             457                  533               2,128

      (a)       At the balance sheet date, part of finance lease receivables are pledged for secured liabilities,
                please refer to Note XI 1.
240     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      24           Other Assets (continued)
      (2)          Long-term prepaid expense
                                                                                                  2025             2024


                   Balance at 1 January                                                          1,435            1,014
                   Additions                                                                     1,419              502
                   Transfers from construction in progress                                         143              115
                   Less: Accumulated amortisation                                                 (551)            (196)


                   Balance at 31 December                                                        2,446            1,435


      (3)          Non-financial repossessed assets
                                                                                         31 December       31 December
                                                                                                2025              2024


                   Properties and buildings                                                        884               801
                   Others                                                                          122                 –
                   Less: Impairment losses                                                        (261)             (197)


                   Carrying amount                                                                 745              604

                   The Group plans to dispose of non-financial repossessed assets through auction, bidding and transfer in
                   a certain coming period.
                                                                                                             Annual Report 2025         241




                                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                           (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
25   Impairment Allowance
                                                                      Charge/
                                                     1 January      (Reversal)     Write-off and         Others 31 December
                                         Notes            2025    for the year      transfer out       (Note (1))      2025


     Deposits with banks and
       other financial institutions      VI.13               2               1                 –                –                3
     Placements with banks and
       other financial institutions      VI.14               4               5                 –                –                9
     Financial assets purchased
       under resale agreements           VI.16              22              16                 –                –               38
     Loans and advances to customers     VI.17
       – measured at AC                                 44,432         20,770           (27,812)           2,084           39,474
       – measured at FVOCI                               1,119            449              (627)              39              980
     Financial investments               VI.18
       – measured at AC                                 25,397          2,144             (2,471)             (44)         25,026
       – measured at FVOCI                                 678            118               (404)               1             393
     Finance lease receivables          VI.24(1)         2,128            684               (663)              89           2,238
     Fixed assets                        VI.20               –             60                  –                –              60
     Other assets                                          607            328               (239)              20             716
     Off-balance sheet items             VI.34           1,094           (195)               (10)              (5)            884


     Total                                              75,483         24,380           (32,226)           2,184           69,821

                                                                    (Reversal)/
                                                      1 January         charge     Write-off and          Others     31 December
                                         Notes            2024     for the year     transfer out        (Note (1))          2024


     Deposits with banks and
       other financial institutions      VI.13               7               (5)               –                –                2
     Placements with banks and
       other financial institutions      VI.14               6               (2)               –                –                4
     Financial assets purchased
       under resale agreements           VI.16              26               (4)               –                –               22
     Loans and advances to customers     VI.17
       – measured at AC                                 42,968         25,844           (26,688)           2,308           44,432
       – measured at FVOCI                               1,942            (15)             (808)               –            1,119
     Financial investments               VI.18
       – measured at AC                                 27,718          1,746             (3,781)            (286)         25,397
       – measured at FVOCI                                 517            158                  –                3             678
     Finance lease receivables          VI.24(1)         1,894            697               (585)             122           2,128
     Other assets                                          624            209               (245)              19             607
     Off-balance sheet items             VI.34           1,523           (433)                 –                4           1,094


     Total                                              77,225         28,195           (32,107)           2,170           75,483

     (1)     Others include the recoveries of financial assets previously written off and the effect of changes in exchange
             rates.
242     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      26           Due to the Central Bank
                                                                                  31 December   31 December
                                                                                         2025          2024


                   Bonds sold under repurchase agreements with the Central Bank        98,668        63,328
                   Bills sold under repurchase agreements with the Central Bank         3,244        14,222
                   Interest accrued                                                       294           271


                   Total                                                              102,206        77,821


      27           Deposits from Banks and Other Financial Institutions
                   Analyzed by type and location of counterparties
                                                                                  31 December   31 December
                                                                                         2025          2024


                   In Chinese Mainland
                      – Banks                                                          18,311        50,864
                      – Other financial institutions                                  311,983       294,020
                   Outside Chinese Mainland
                      – Banks                                                              27           354
                      – Other financial institutions                                   12,667        19,699
                   Interest accrued                                                     1,386         2,003


                   Total                                                              344,374       366,940
                                                                                                              Annual Report 2025         243




                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                            (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
28   Placements from Banks and Other Financial Institutions
     Analyzed by accounting treatment, type and location of counterparties
                                                                                          31 December             31 December
                                                                              Note               2025                    2024


     Measured at amortised cost:
     In Chinese Mainland
        – Banks                                                                                    89,042                  63,648
        – Other financial institutions                                                              1,205                     867
     Outside Chinese Mainland
        – Banks                                                                                      2,560                  8,103
     Interest accrued                                                                                  536                    645


     Subtotal                                                                                      93,343                  73,263


     Designated as at fair value through profit or loss:                        (1)
     In Chinese Mainland
        – Banks                                                                                    24,116                  22,578


     Subtotal                                                                                      24,116                  22,578


     Total                                                                                       117,459                   95,841

     (1)     There were no significant changes in the credit spread of the Group during the year and therefore the amounts
             of changes in fair value of the financial liabilities designated as at fair value through profit or loss arising from
             changes in credit risk were not considered significant. The changes in fair value of the financial liabilities were
             mainly attributable to changes in other market factors.
244     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      29           Financial Liabilities at Fair Value through Profit or Loss
                                                                                                           31 December           31 December
                                                                                              Notes               2025                  2024


                   Financial liabilities designated as at fair value
                     through profit or loss                                                     (1)
                     – Financial liabilities related to precious metals                                             40,422                4,180
                     – Others                                                                   (2)                 13,823               17,016
                   Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
                     – Short positions of trading bonds                                                              1,715                      –


                   Total                                                                                            55,960               21,196

                   (1)     The Group manages and evaluates the financial liability portfolio or financial assets and financial liability portfolio
                           on the basis of fair value according to the enterprise risk management or investment strategy stated in the official
                           written documents, and reports to key management personnel within the enterprise on this basis.There were no
                           significant changes in the credit spread of the Group during the year and therefore the amounts of changes in
                           fair value of the financial liabilities designated as at fair value through profit or loss arising from changes in credit
                           risk were not considered significant. The changes in fair value of the financial liabilities were mainly attributable to
                           changes in other market factors.

                   (2)     Others mainly represent shares held by other parties rather than the Group and liabilities of consolidated
                           structured entities.


      30           Financial Assets Sold Under Repurchase Agreements
                   Analyzed by type of collateral
                                                                                                           31 December           31 December
                                                                                                                  2025                  2024


                   Bonds sold under repurchase agreements                                                           53,202               35,253
                   Interest accrued                                                                                      7                   34


                   Total                                                                                            53,209               35,287
                                                                                       Annual Report 2025         245




                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                     (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
31   Customer Deposits
                                                                    31 December            31 December
                                                                           2025                   2024


     Demand deposits
       – Corporate customers                                              417,299                 434,291
       – Personal customers                                                74,934                  64,951


     Subtotal                                                             492,233                 499,242


     Time deposits
       – Corporate customers                                            1,191,219              1,148,911
       – Personal customers                                               320,838                239,681


     Subtotal                                                           1,512,057              1,388,592


     Other deposits                                                           2,019                     372


     Interest accrued                                                       37,157                  34,083


     Total                                                              2,043,466              1,922,289

     Pledged deposits of customer deposits are listed as follows:

                                                                    31 December            31 December
                                                                           2025                   2024


     Letters of credit and guarantee deposits                               40,398                  36,114
     Acceptances deposits                                                   39,389                  25,562
     Other pledged deposits                                                 46,985                  40,657


     Total                                                                126,772                 102,333
246     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      32           Employee Benefits Payable
                                                                           Accrual   Payments
                                                              1 January     during      during      31 December
                                                                   2025   the year    the year             2025


                   Salaries, bonuses and allowances               6,162     9,346       (9,669)           5,839
                   Staff welfare                                      –       629         (629)               –
                   Housing fund                                       –       720         (720)               –
                   Social insurance
                     – Medical insurance                             –        393         (393)               –
                     – Work-related injury insurance                 –         12          (12)               –
                     – Maternity insurance                           –         14          (14)               –
                   Commercial insurance                              –        155         (155)               –
                   Labour union fee and staff education fee        161        221         (225)             157
                   Basic pension insurance                           –        786         (786)               –
                   Unemployment insurance                            –         27          (27)               –
                   Annuity                                           –        745         (745)               –


                   Total                                          6,323    13,048      (13,375)           5,996

                                                                           Accrual   Payments
                                                              1 January     during      during      31 December
                                                                  2024    the year    the year             2024


                   Salaries, bonuses and allowances               5,824     9,674       (9,336)           6,162
                   Staff welfare                                      –     1,217       (1,217)               –
                   Housing fund                                       –       636         (636)               –
                   Social insurance
                     – Medical insurance                             –        356         (356)               –
                     – Work-related injury insurance                 –         10           (10)              –
                     – Maternity insurance                           –          8             (8)             –
                   Commercial insurance                              –        192         (192)               –
                   Labour union fee and staff education fee        161        227         (227)             161
                   Basic pension insurance                           –        697         (697)               –
                   Unemployment insurance                            –         26           (26)              –
                   Annuity                                           –        694         (694)               –


                   Total                                          5,985    13,737      (13,399)           6,323
                                                                                     Annual Report 2025         247




                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                   (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
33   Taxes Payable
                                                                  31 December            31 December
                                                                         2025                   2024


     Income tax payable                                                       439                     187
     Value added tax (“VAT”) payable                                        1,252                     654
     Others                                                                   221                     250


     Total                                                                  1,912                  1,091


34   Provisions
                                                                  31 December            31 December
                                                                         2025                   2024


     Allowance for ECLs of off-balance sheet items (Note VI.25)               884                  1,094
248     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      35           Debt Securities Issued
                                                                                          31 December   31 December
                                                                                  Notes          2025          2024


                   Fixed-rate small and micro businesses financial bonds – 2025    (1)              –        10,000
                   Fixed-rate small and micro businesses financial bonds – 2025    (2)              –        10,000
                   Fixed-rate small and micro businesses financial bonds – 2025    (3)              –         5,000
                   Fixed-rate small and micro businesses financial bonds – 2026    (4)         10,000        10,000
                   Fixed-rate small and micro businesses financial bonds – 2026    (5)         15,000        15,000
                   Fixed-rate small and micro businesses financial bonds – 2027    (6)          5,000         5,000
                   Fixed-rate small and micro businesses financial bonds – 2027    (7)         15,000        15,000
                   Fixed-rate small and micro businesses financial bonds – 2027    (8)         20,000        20,000
                   Fixed-rate small and micro businesses financial bonds – 2028    (9)         20,000             –
                   Fixed-rate small and micro businesses financial bonds – 2029   (10)          5,000         5,000
                   Fixed-rate financial bonds – 2026                              (11)         30,000        30,000
                   Fixed-rate financial bonds – 2027                              (12)         13,000        13,000
                   Fixed-rate financial bonds – 2028                              (13)         15,000             –
                   Fixed-rate financial bonds – 2030                              (14)          5,000             –
                   Fixed-rate green financial bonds – 2025                        (15)              –        10,000
                   Fixed-rate green financial bonds – 2028                        (16)          5,000             –
                   Fixed-rate science and technology innovation bonds – 2028      (17)          5,000             –
                   Fixed-rate special financial bonds for
                      “agriculture, rural areas and farmers” - 2025               (18)              –         5,000
                   Fixed-rate asset-backed securities – 2025                      (19)              –         3,369
                   Fixed-rate offering – tier 2 capital bond – 2033               (20)         20,000        20,000
                   Fixed-rate offering – tier 2 capital bond – 2033               (21)         10,000        10,000
                   Fixed-rate offering – tier 2 capital bond – 2034               (22)         10,000        10,000
                   Fixed-rate financial bonds – 2025                              (23)              –         1,400
                   Fixed-rate financial bonds – 2027                              (24)          1,500         1,500
                   Fixed-rate asset-backed plan – 2045                            (25)            500             –
                   Interbank certificates of deposit                              (26)        305,274       339,739


                   Subtotal                                                                   510,274       539,008

                   Interest accrued                                                             2,679         2,525


                   Total                                                                      512,953       541,533
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025         249




                                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                    (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
35   Debt Securities Issued (continued)
     (1)   Fixed-rate small and micro businesses financial bonds of RMB10 billion was issued on 23 February 2022, with a
           maturity of 3 years and a fixed coupon rate of 2.83%. The bond matured on 25 February 2025.

     (2)   Fixed-rate small and micro businesses financial bonds of RMB10 billion was issued on 7 April 2022, with a
           maturity of 3 years and a fixed coupon rate of 2.93%. The bond matured on 11 April 2025.

     (3)   Fixed-rate small and micro businesses financial bonds of RMB5 billion was issued on 18 October 2022, with a
           maturity of 3 years and a fixed coupon rate of 2.47%. The bond matured on 20 October 2025.

     (4)   Fixed-rate small and micro businesses financial bonds of RMB10 billion was issued on 24 April 2023, with a
           maturity of 3 years and a fixed coupon rate of 2.80%.

     (5)   Fixed-rate small and micro businesses financial bonds of RMB15 billion was issued on 3 November 2023, with a
           maturity of 3 years and a fixed coupon rate of 2.82%.

     (6)   Fixed-rate small and micro businesses financial bonds of RMB5 billion was issued on 18 October 2022, with a
           maturity of 5 years and a fixed coupon rate of 2.85%.

     (7)   Fixed-rate small and micro businesses financial bonds of RMB15 billion was issued on 15 March 2024, with a
           maturity of 3 years and a fixed coupon rate of 2.43%.

     (8)   Fixed-rate small and micro businesses financial bonds of RMB20 billion was issued on 15 May 2024, with a
           maturity of 3 years and a fixed coupon rate of 2.23%.

     (9)   Fixed-rate small and micro businesses financial bonds of RMB20 billion was issued on 3 April 2025, with a
           maturity of 3 years and a fixed coupon rate of 1.86%.

     (10) Fixed-rate small and micro businesses financial bonds of RMB5 billion was issued on 15 March 2024, with a
          maturity of 5 years and a fixed coupon rate of 2.53%.

     (11) Fixed-rate financial bonds of RMB30 billion was issued on 24 July 2023, with a maturity of 3 years and a fixed
          coupon rate of 2.62%.

     (12) Fixed-rate financial bonds of RMB13 billion was issued on 5 September 2024, with a maturity of 3 years and a
          fixed coupon rate of 2.01%.

     (13) Fixed-rate financial bonds of RMB15 billion was issued on 13 February 2025, with a maturity of 3 years and a
          fixed coupon rate of 1.75%.

     (14) Fixed-rate financial bonds of RMB5 billion was issued on 13 February 2025, with a maturity of 5 years and a
          fixed coupon rate of 1.81%.

     (15) Fixed-rate green financial bonds of RMB10 billion was issued on 13 December 2022, with a maturity of 3 years
          and a fixed coupon rate of 3.05%. The bond matured on 15 December 2025.

     (16) Fixed-rate green financial bonds of RMB5 billion was issued on 8 May 2025, with a maturity of 3 years and a
          fixed coupon rate of 1.69%.

     (17) Fixed-rate science and technology innovation bonds of RMB5 billion was issued on 19 May 2025, with a maturity
          of 3 years and a fixed coupon rate of 1.66%.

     (18) Fixed-rate special financial bonds for “agriculture, rural areas and farmers” of RMB5 billion was issued on
          13 December 2022, with a maturity of 3 years and a fixed coupon rate of 3.05%. The bond matured on 15
          December 2025.
250     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      35           Debt Securities Issued (continued)
                   (19) Fixed-rate asset-backed securities of RMB5,554 million was issued on 15 October 2024. According to the terms
                        of the contract related to the securitization transactions, the Bank has retained substantially almost all the risks
                        and rewards of these financial assets, thus continuing to recognize, instead of derecognizing, the transferred
                        financial assets. The liabilities are recognized as debt securities issued. The bond matured on 26 November
                        2025.

                   (20) Fixed-rate offering – tier 2 capital bonds of RMB20 billion were issued on 25 May 2023, with a maturity of 10
                        years and a fixed coupon rate of 3.47%. The Bank has an option to redeem the bond at its par value in 2028.

                   (21) Fixed-rate offering – tier 2 capital bonds of RMB10 billion were issued on 23 November 2023, with a maturity
                        of 10 years and a fixed coupon rate of 3.50%. The Bank has an option to redeem the bond at its par value in
                        2028.

                   (22) Fixed-rate offering – tier 2 capital bonds of RMB10 billion were issued on 17 April 2024, with a maturity of 10
                        years and a fixed coupon rate of 2.54%. The Bank has an option to redeem the bond at its par value in 2029.

                   (23) Zheyin Financial Leasing issued freight logistics thematic financial bonds of RMB1.4 billion on 2 June 2022, with
                        a maturity of 3 years and a fixed coupon rate of 2.97%. The bond matured on 7 June 2025.

                   (24) Zheyin Financial Leasing issued fixed-rate financial bonds of RMB1.5 billion on 15 August 2024, with a maturity
                        of 3 years and a fixed coupon rate of 2.09%.

                   (25) Zheyin Financial Leasing established fixed rate asset-backed plan with lease receivables as the underlying
                        assets on 26 December 2025. The plan was registered and custodied with China Insurance Asset Registration
                        and trading System Co., Ltd. The asset-backed plan has a total issue size of RMB500 million, with interest
                        paid quarterly and principal amortised on a pass-through basis. Zheyin Financial Leasing have the option to
                        repurchase underlying assets in the asset poll in full upon the dates falling 3, 6, 9, 12, 15, 18 and 20 years from
                        the establishment date of the asset-backed plan.

                   (26) At 31 December 2025, the Bank has issued a total of 115 interbank certificates of deposit in the interbank
                        market but not yet due, with maximum maturity of one year (At 31 December 2024, the Bank has issued a total
                        of 106 interbank certificates of deposit in the interbank market but not yet due, with maximum maturity of one
                        year).


      36           Other Liabilities
                                                                                                     31 December          31 December
                                                                                                            2025                 2024


                   Deposits related to finance lease                                                           3,908               4,194
                   Settlement and clearing accounts                                                            3,563               4,310
                   Deferred income                                                                               870                 728
                   Continuing involvement liabilities (Note VI.45 (1))                                           568               1,212
                   Account payable                                                                               355               1,869
                   Dividends payable                                                                              18                  49
                   Others                                                                                      2,596               1,803


                   Total                                                                                     11,878               14,165
                                                                                            Annual Report 2025         251




                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                          (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
37    Share Capital
                                                                         31 December            31 December
                                                                                2025                   2024


      Ordinary shares listed in Chinese Mainland (A share)                       21,544                  21,544
      Ordinary shares listed outside Chinese Mainland (H share)                   5,920                   5,920


      Total                                                                      27,464                  27,464


38    Other Equity Instruments
                                                                         31 December            31 December
                                                                  Note          2025                   2024


      Perpetual bonds                                             (1)            24,995                  24,995


(1)   Perpetual bonds
(a)   List of perpetual bonds issued at the end of the year
      Equity instruments in issue                                                            Perpetual bond
      Issue date                                                                         25 November 2021
      Accounting treatment                                                                 Equity instrument
      Initial interest rate                                                                            3.85%
      Issuance price per share (RMB/share)                                                                100
      Number (In millions)                                                                                250
      Amount                                                                                          25,000
      Issuance fee                                                                                          5
      Maturity date                                                                        No maturity date
      Conversion condition                                                                              None
      Conversion status                                                                                 None
252     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      38           Other Equity Instruments (continued)
      (1)          Perpetual bonds (continued)
      (b)          Main terms of perpetual bonds
                   The duration of the perpetual bonds is the same as the continuing operation of the Bank. The perpetual
                   bonds issuance sets conditional redemption rights for the issuer. The Bank shall have the right to redeem
                   all or part of the perpetual bonds on each annual interest payment date (including the fifth interest
                   payment date since the date of issuance) five years after the date of issuance. If, after the issuance
                   of the perpetual bonds, unpredictable changes in regulations result in that the perpetual bonds is no
                   longer classified in other tier-one capital, the Bank shall have the right to redeem all, but not part, of the
                   perpetual bonds.

                   The Bank shall exercise the right of redemption subject to the approval of the original China Banking and
                   Insurance Regulatory Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the original CBIRC”) and on the condition
                   that the following conditions are satisfied: (1) replacing the redeemed instrument with a capital instrument
                   of equal or higher quality, and such replacement shall only be carried out at conditions which are
                   sustainable for the income capacity; (2) or the capital position of the Bank after the redemption right is
                   exercised will remain significantly higher than the regulatory capital requirements stipulated by the original
                   CBIRC.

                   The claims in respect of the perpetual bonds will be subordinated to the claims of depositors, general
                   creditors, and subordinated debts that rank senior to the perpetual bonds, and will rank in priority to
                   all classes of shares held by the Bank’s shareholders and rank pari passu with the claims in respect
                   of any other additional tier-one capital instruments of the Bank that rank pari passu with the bonds. If
                   subsequent amendments to the PRC Enterprise Bankruptcy Law or relevant regulations are applicable,
                   such relevant laws and regulations shall prevail.

                   Upon the occurrence of a Non-Viability Trigger Event, the Bank has the right to write-down/write-off part
                   or all of the principal of the perpetual bonds without the consent of the bondholders. The amount of the
                   write-down/write-off shall be determined by the ratio of the outstanding principal amount of the Bonds
                   to the aggregate principal amount of all additional tier 1 capital instruments with the identical Trigger
                   Event. A Non-Viability Trigger Event refers to the earlier occurrence under the following circumstances:
                   (1) the original CBIRC deems that the Bank would become non-viable without a write-down/write-off; (2)
                   the relevant authorities deem that the Bank would become non-viable without a public sector injection of
                   capital or equivalent support. The write-down/write-off will not be restored.

                   The coupon rate of the perpetual bonds will be adjusted at defined intervals with a coupon rate
                   adjustment period which is every 5 years since the payment settlement date. In any coupon rate adjusted
                   period, the interest payments on the perpetual bonds will be made at a prescribed fixed coupon rate.
                   The coupon rate at the time of issuance will be determined by book running and centralised allocation.

                   The coupon rate is determined by a benchmark rate plus a fixed spread. The benchmark rate is the
                   arithmetic average of the yields to maturity of the 5-year bond yield curve published on www.ChinaBond.com.cn
                   (or other websites recognized by the China Central Depository & Clearing Co., Ltd.) 5 trading days prior
                   to the Announcement Date of the Subscription Agreement or the adjustment date of the benchmark
                   interest rate (excluding the current day) (rounded up to 0.01%). The fixed spread is the difference
                   between the coupon rate and the benchmark rate as determined at the time of issuance. The fixed
                   spread will not be adjusted once determined.
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025         253




                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
38    Other Equity Instruments (continued)
(1)   Perpetual bonds (continued)
(b)   Main terms of perpetual bonds (continued)
      The Bank shall have the right to cancel all or part of the interest distribution of the perpetual bonds and
      any such cancellation shall not constitute an event of default. When exercising such right, the Bank will
      take into full consideration the interest of the bondholders. The Bank may, at its sole discretion, use
      the proceeds from the cancelled distribution to meet other obligations as they fall due. The cancellation
      of all or part of interest distribution on the perpetual bonds will not impose any other restriction on the
      Bank, except in relation to dividend distributions to ordinary shareholders. Any cancellation of any all
      or part or interest distribution on the perpetual bonds will require the deliberation and approval of the
      general shareholders meeting. The Bank shall give notice to the investors on such cancellation in a timely
      manner.

      In the case of cancelling all or part of interest distributions on the perpetual bonds, the Bank shall not
      make any distribution to the ordinary shareholders from the next day following the resolution being
      approved by the general shareholders meeting, until its decision to resume the interest distribution
      in whole to the holders of the perpetual bonds. The Dividend Stopper on ordinary shares will not
      compromise the Bank’s discretion to cancel distributions, and will not impede the Bank from replenishing
      its capital.

      The interest distributions on the perpetual bonds must come from distributable items, and will not be
      affected by the rating of the Bank, nor will be reset based on any change to such rating. The interest
      distribution on the perpetual bonds are non-cumulative, namely, upon cancellation, any amount of
      distribution unpaid to the bondholders in the applicable period will not accumulate or compound to the
      subsequent distribution period thereafter. The perpetual bonds do not have any step-up mechanism or
      any other incentive to redeem. Investors are not allowed to sell the perpetual bonds.

(c)   Changes in perpetual bonds outstanding at the end of the year
      There was no change in the perpetual bonds outstanding at the end of the year during the year.

(2)   Information related to the holders of the equity instruments
                                                                              31 December             31 December
                                                                                     2025                    2024


      Equity attributable to shareholders of the Bank
        – Ordinary shareholders of the Bank                                          177,873                 173,908
        – Other equity instruments holders of the Bank                                24,995                  24,995
      Non-controlling interests
        – Ordinary shareholders of non-controlling interests                             4,467                  3,840


      Total                                                                          207,335                 202,743
254     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      38           Other Equity Instruments (continued)
      (3)          Changes in other equity instruments outstanding at the end of the year
                                                         31 December                                   31 December
                                                                2024          Increase      Decrease          2025


                   Perpetual Bond
                   Number (In millions)                           250                –             –           250
                   Amount                                      24,995                –             –        24,995


      39           Capital Reserve
                                                            1 January                                  31 December
                                                                 2025        Increase       Decrease          2025


                   Share premium                               38,570                –             –        38,570

                                                             1 January                                 31 December
                                                                 2024         Increase      Decrease          2024


                   Share premium                               38,570                –             –        38,570
                                                                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025                   255




                                                               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                                                                        (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
40   Other Comprehensive Income
                                                    Other comprehensive income in the               Other comprehensive income in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and
                                                 consolidated statement of financial position             other comprehensive income for the year ended 31 December 2025
                                                                                                                                                                                Net-of-tax
                                                                                                                                                                                  amount
                                                                Net-of-tax                                    Previously                                   Net-of-tax attributable to
                                                                   amount                                    recognized                                       amount         shareholders
                                                           attributable to                    Before-tax         amount                    After-tax attributable to                of the
                                                 1 January shareholders           31 December amount of transferred to Income tax amount of shareholders Non-Controlling
                                                      2025    of the Bank                2025 the year profit or loss         expense the year           of the Bank             interests

     Items that will not be reclassified to
        profit or loss
        – Changes in fair value of financial
             investments designated to be
             measured at FVOCI                         297                  33               330          44                 –            (11)            33                 33                    –
     Items that may be reclassified to
        profit or loss
        – Changes in fair value of financial
             assets measured at FVOCI                 3,814             (2,891)              923         368           (4,223)            964         (2,891)            (2,891)                   –
        – Allowance for ECLs of financial
             assets measured at FVOCI                 1,349               (319)            1,030        (426)                –            107           (319)              (319)                   –
        – Exchange differences from the
             translation of foreign operations         887                (542)              345        (545)                –              –           (545)              (542)                  (3)

     Total                                            6,347             (3,719)            2,628        (559)          (4,223)          1,060         (3,722)            (3,719)                  (3)

                                                     Other comprehensive income in the                     Other comprehensive income in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and
                                                  consolidated statement of financial position                   other comprehensive income for the year ended 31 December 2024
                                                                                                                                                                                          Net-of-tax
                                                                                                                                                                                            amount
                                                                     Net-of-tax                                     Previously                                        Net-of-tax     attributable to
                                                                        amount                                     recognized                                            amount       shareholders
                                                                attributable to                    Before-tax          amount                      After-tax     attributable to              of the
                                                  1 January      shareholders      31 December     amount of    transferred to     Income tax     amount of       shareholders      Non-Controlling
                                                      2024         of the Bank            2024       the year    profit or loss       expense      the year         of the Bank            interests

     Items that will not be reclassified to
        profit or loss
        – Changes in fair value of financial
             investments designated to be
             measured at FVOCI                         240                  57               297          76                 –            (19)            57                 57                    –
     Items that may be reclassified to
        profit or loss
        – Changes in fair value of financial
             assets measured at FVOCI                  803               3,011             3,814       8,815           (4,801)         (1,003)         3,011             3,011                     –
        – Allowance for ECLs of financial
             assets measured at FVOCI                 1,845               (496)            1,349        (661)                –            165           (496)              (496)                   –
        – Exchange differences from the
             translation of foreign operations         520                 367               887         368                 –              –            368               367                    1

     Total                                            3,408              2,939             6,347       8,598           (4,801)           (857)         2,940             2,939                    1
256     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      41           Surplus Reserve
                                                                                                                   Statutory
                                                                                                             surplus reserve


                   Balance at 1 January 2024                                                                           12,546
                   Appropriation (Note VI.43)                                                                           1,466


                   Balance at 31 December 2024                                                                         14,012
                   Appropriation (Note VI.43)                                                                           1,219


                   Balance at 31 December 2025                                                                         15,231

                   Pursuant to the Company Law of the PRC and the Articles, the Bank is required to appropriate 10% of
                   its net profit to the statutory surplus reserve.

      42           Statutory General Reserve
                                                                                                                   Statutory
                                                                                                             general reserve


                   Balance at 1 January 2024                                                                           29,804
                   Appropriation (Note VI.43)                                                                           5,315


                   Balance at 31 December 2024                                                                         35,119
                   Appropriation (Note VI.43)                                                                           2,800


                   Balance at 31 December 2025                                                                         37,919

                   Pursuant to the Administrative Measures on Accrual of Provisions by Financial Enterprises (Caijin [2012]
                   No. 20), financial enterprises establish a statutory general reserve within equity through the appropriation
                   of profit to address unidentified potential impairment risks. The statutory general reserve of the Group
                   and the Bank should not be less than 1.5% of the year-end balance of its risk assets. The Bank’s
                   subsidiaries, if required by local regulation requirements, also need to make such general reserve.
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025         257




                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
43    Profit Appropriations
                                                                     Notes                 2025                   2024


      Balance at the beginning of the year                                               52,396                49,458
      Add: Net profit attributable to shareholders of the Bank                           12,931                15,186
      Less: Appropriation to surplus reserve                                             (1,219)               (1,466)
            Appropriation to statutory general reserve                                   (2,800)               (5,315)
            Distribution to ordinary shareholders                      (1)               (4,284)               (4,504)
            Distribution to perpetual bonds holders                    (2)                 (963)                 (963)


      Balance at the end of the year                                                     56,061                52,396


(1)   Approved and distributed dividends of ordinary shareholders
      As approved by shareholders in 2024 Annual General Meeting on 13 June 2025, based on the Bank’s
      total ordinary shares amounting to 27,465 million shares on the record date of profit distribution, the
      Bank declared a cash dividend of RMB1.56 for each 10 ordinary shares, with total amount of RMB4,284
      million.

      As approved by shareholders in 2023 Annual General Meeting on 12 June 2024, based on the Bank’s
      total ordinary shares amounting to 27,465 million shares on the record date of profit distribution, the
      Bank declared a cash dividend of RMB1.64 for each 10 ordinary shares, with total amount of RMB4,504
      million.

(2)   Announcement and distribution to perpetual bonds holders
      On 20 November 2025, the Bank announced the interest of perpetual bonds issued amounting to
      RMB963 million at the initial annual interest rate of 3.85% prior to the interest rate reset date determined
      by the terms of the bond. The distribution date was 26 November 2025.

      On 21 November 2024, the Bank announced the interest of perpetual bonds issued amounting to
      RMB963 million at the initial annual interest rate of 3.85% prior to the interest rate reset date determined
      by the terms of the bond. The distribution date was 26 November 2024.
258     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      44           Notes to Consolidated Cash Flow Statements
      (1)          Cash and cash equivalents
                                                                                              31 December         31 December
                                                                                                     2025                2024


                   Cash                                                                                869                996
                   Surplus deposit reserves with the central bank                                   12,790             15,077
                   Deposits with banks and other financial institutions with original
                     maturities of less than three months                                           29,211             36,103
                   Placements with banks and other financial institutions with original
                     maturities of less than three months                                                –             14,548
                   Financial assets purchased under resale agreements with original
                     maturities of less than three months                                           90,593             66,911


                   Total                                                                           133,463            133,635


      (2)          Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities
                   The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities from financing activities, including both cash
                   and non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash flows were
                   classified in the Group’s consolidated cash flow statement as cash flows from financing activities.

                                                                        Debt
                                                                   securities           Lease       Dividend
                                                                      issued         liabilities     payable             Total


                   At 1 January 2025                                 541,533              3,131              49       544,713
                   Cash changes:
                   Proceeds from issuance of
                     debt securities                                 489,328                  –               –       489,328
                   Repayments of principal on debt
                     securities issued                              (518,053)                 –               –       (518,053)
                   Repayments of interest on debt
                     securities issued                               (11,374)                 –            –           (11,374)
                   Payment for dividend distribution                       –                  –       (5,278)           (5,278)
                   Payment for principal element of
                     lease liabilities                                      –              (727)              –           (727)
                   Payment for interest element of
                     lease liabilities                                      –              (105)              –           (105)

                   Non-cash changes:
                   Interest expense                                   11,519               105             –           11,624
                   Dividends declared (Note VI.43(1))                      –                 –         5,247            5,247
                   Net increase of lease liabilities                       –               287             –              287


                   At 31 December 2025                               512,953              2,691              18       515,662
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025         259




                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                       (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
44    Notes to Consolidated Cash Flow Statements (continued)
(2)   Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities (continued)
                                                            Debt
                                                       securities           Lease               Dividend
                                                          issued         liabilities             payable                 Total


      At 1 January 2024                                 395,938             3,257                       51           399,246
      Cash changes:
      Proceeds from issuance of
        debt securities                                 630,284                   –                      –           630,284
      Repayments of principal on debt
        securities issued                               (485,633)                 –                      –          (485,633)
      Repayments of interest on debt
        securities issued                                (10,578)                 –                     –             (10,578)
      Payment for dividend distribution                        –                  –                (5,469)              (5,469)
      Payment for principal element of
        lease liabilities                                       –             (713)                      –                (713)
      Payment for interest element of
        lease liabilities                                       –             (137)                      –                (137)

      Non-cash changes:
      Interest expense (Note VI.1)                        11,427              137                       –             11,564
      Dividends declared (Note VI.43(1))                       –                –                   5,467              5,467
      Net increase of lease liabilities                        –              587                       –                587
      Exchange difference                                     95                –                       –                 95


      At 31 December 2024                               541,533             3,131                       49           544,713


45    Transfer of Financial Assets
      The Group enters into transactions in the normal course of business by which it transfers recognized
      financial assets to third parties or to special purpose vehicles. In some cases where these transfers
      may give rise to full or partial derecognition of the financial assets concerned, the Group fully or partially
      derecognize the transferred financial assets. In other cases where these transferred assets do not qualify
      for derecognition as the Group has retained substantially all the risks and rewards of these financial
      assets, the Group continued to recognize the transferred financial assets.
260     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      45           Transfer of Financial Assets (continued)
      (1)          Securitization transactions
                   In the process of securitization of credit assets, the Group transfers credit assets to structured entities
                   and issues asset-backed securities as issuers. The Group would determine whether or not to derecognize
                   the associated credit assets by evaluating the extent to which it retains the risks and rewards of the
                   assets.

                   With respect to the credit assets that were securitised and qualified for derecognition, the Group
                   derecognised the transferred credit assets in their entirety. For the year ended 31 December 2025,
                   the Group has transferred the ownership of the loans, the principal of which amounted to RMB12,004
                   million (2024: RMB6,160 million), as well as substantially all the risks and rewards of the loans have been
                   transferred, the full amount of such securitised loans were derecognised.

                   For those in which the Group has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards
                   of the transferred credit assets, and retained control of the credit assets, the Group recognised the
                   assets on the statement of financial position in accordance with the Group’s continuing involvement and
                   the rest is derecognised. The extent of the Group’s continuing involvement is the extent of risks and
                   rewards undertaken by the Group with value changes of the transferred financial assets. For the year
                   ended 31 December 2025, there were no as of new securitised credit assets in which the Group retained
                   the continuing involvement (2024: Nil). At 31 December 2025, the carrying amount of the assets and
                   liabilities that the Group continues to recognise on the statement of financial position was RMB568 million
                   (31 December 2024: RMB1,212 million). The Group also recognised other assets and other liabilities of
                   the same amount arising from such continuing involvement.

      (2)          Non-performing assets transfer
                   For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group transferred non-performing loans and restructured
                   loans principal amounting to RMB19,891 million (2024: RMB20,144 million), non-performing financial
                   investments principal amounting to RMB297 million (2024: RMB1,366 million) to the asset management
                   companies. No transfers of non-performing finance lease receivables occurred during the year (2024:
                   RMB48 million). For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group has transferred the ownership of
                   non-performing loans, the principal of which amounted to RMB6,449 million (2024: RMB6,160 million)
                   through securitization transactions. For the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group has transferred
                   the ownership of non-performing loans, the principal of which amounted to RMB1,869 million (2024:
                   RMB1,914 million) through divestiture of beneficial interest. As the Group transferred substantially all
                   the risks and rewards of these non-performing loans and financial investments, the Group derecognized
                   these non-performing loans and financial investments.

      (3)          Repurchase and securities lending transactions
                   Transferred financial assets that do not qualify for derecognition mainly include securities delivered as
                   collateral in a repurchase transaction to a counterparty and debt securities lent to counterparties under
                   securities lending agreements. The counterparties are allowed to sell or repledge those securities lent
                   under agreements to repurchase in the absence of default by the Group, but have obligations to return
                   the securities at the maturity of the contracts. In some cases, if the value of the relevant securities rises
                   or falls, the Group may require the counterparty to pay additional cash as collateral or need to return part
                   of the cash collateral to the counterparty. The Group determined that it retained substantially all the risks
                   and rewards of these securities and therefore had not derecognized them. At 31 December 2025, there
                   is no Group’s debt securities lent to counterparties (31 December 2024: Nil).
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025        261




                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VII   Interests in Other Entities
1     Interests in Subsidiaries
(1)   Composition of the Group
      At the balance sheet date, details of the subsidiaries included in the consolidated financial statements
      are as follows:

                                                                                                          Proportion of
                                             Place of   Registered      Business        Registered        equity/voting
      Name                              incorporation     address         nature           capital               rights


      Zheyin Financial Leasing               Zhejiang     Zhoushan       Financial              RMB                51%
                                             Province                   institution          4 billion
      Zheyin Wealth Management               Zhejiang    Hangzhou        Financial              RMB              100%
                                             Province                   institution          2 billion


(2)   Important non wholly-owned subsidiary and main financial information
      An important non wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group is Zheyin Financial Leasing. The following table
      lists the main financial information of Zheyin Financial Leasing. The main financial information of the
      subsidiary is the amount before the Group’s internal transactions are offset, but it has been adjusted by
      the unified accounting policy:

                                                                              31 December                31 December
                                                                                     2025                       2024


      Total assets                                                                     90,395                  78,327
      Total liabilities                                                                81,276                  70,490

                                                                                          2025                   2024


      Operating income                                                                   3,635                  2,872
      Profit for the year                                                                1,287                  1,034
      Total comprehensive income                                                         1,282                  1,037
      Net cash generated from operating activities                                       9,265                  4,694
262       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VII          Interests in Other Entities (continued)
      2            Interests in Structured Entities
                   The Group manages or invests in multiple structured entities, which include fund investments, trust
                   schemes and asset management plans, asset-backed securities and wealth management products.
                   To determine whether the Group controls such structured entities, the Group assesses the overall
                   interests (including direct income and expected management fees) in the structured entities through its
                   participation in the decisions on the establishment of the structured entities, the extent of its participation
                   and related contractual arrangements, as well as its decision-making power over the structured entities.

      (1)          Consolidated structured entities directly held by the Group
                   If the Group has power over structured entities through investment contracts and other arrangements,
                   has variable interests through its involvement in the structured entities and has the ability to affect
                   those interests through its power over the structured entities, the Group considers that it controls the
                   structured entities and then consolidates them in the consolidated financial statements.

      (2)          Unconsolidated structured entities sponsored by third-party institutions and directly held by the
                   Group
                   If the Group does not have substantive rights to the primary activities of the structured entities, or the
                   Group only has insignificant proportion of the overall interests in the structured entities over which the
                   Group has power, the Group does not consolidate the structured entities in the consolidated financial
                   statements.

                   The unconsolidated structured entities sponsored by third-party institutions and directly held by the
                   Group include investment funds, trust schemes and asset management plans, asset-backed securities
                   and wealth management products initiated and established by third-party institutions.

                   Considering the relevant agreements and the Group’s investments in the structured entities, the Group
                   does not consolidate the above structured entities in the consolidated financial statements.

                   On the balance sheet date, the relevant balance sheet items, book value and maximum loss exposure
                   of the Group’s equity in the structured entity initiated and established by a third party institution through
                   direct holding of investment in the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position are listed as
                   follows:

                                                                                     31 December 2025
                                                                   Financial        Financial    Financial
                                                                investments      investments investments
                                                                measured at      measured at measured at
                                                                      FVTPL              AC         FVOCI                 Total


                   Fund investments                                   60,565                 –                –          60,565
                   Trust schemes and
                     asset management plans                              111             1,498               –            1,609
                   Asset-backed securities                            40,261               165          14,291           54,717
                   Wealth management products                            162                 –               –              162


                   Total                                             101,099             1,663          14,291         117,053
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025         263




                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VII   Interests in Other Entities (continued)
2     Interests in Structured Entities (continued)
(2)   Unconsolidated structured entities sponsored by third-party institutions and directly held by the
      Group (continued)
                                                                    31 December 2024
                                                    Financial      Financial     Financial
                                                 investments    investments   investments
                                                 measured at    measured at  measured at
                                                      FVTPL             AC          FVOCI                        Total


      Fund investments                                88,154                –                     –            88,154
      Trust schemes and asset
        management plans                               1,815          75,456                   –               77,271
      Asset-backed securities                         10,939             695              45,100               56,734
      Wealth management products                         121               –                   –                  121


      Total                                          101,029          76,151              45,100             222,280

      The maximum exposures to loss in the above unconsolidated structured entities directly held by the
      Group are the fair value or amortised cost of the assets held by the Group in the consolidated statement
      of financial position.

(3)   Structured entities which the Group is the sponsor, but which are not included in the consolidated
      financial statements
      The types of unconsolidated structured entities sponsored by the Group include non-principal-guarantee
      wealth management products. The nature and purpose of these structured entities are to generate fees
      from managing assets on behalf of investors. These structured entities are financed through the issue of
      wealth management products to investors. Interest held by the Group are fees charged by direct holding
      of investment or providing management services.

      At 31 December 2025, the amount of assets held by the unconsolidated non-principal-guaranteed wealth
      management products which are sponsored by the Group was RMB182,458 million (31 December 2024:
      RMB144,574 million). For the year ended 31 December 2025, the commission income recognised by the
      Group for providing asset management services for such financial products was RMB510 million (2024:
      RMB518 million). At the balance sheet date, the balance of service charges receivable for direct holding
      of investment and asset management services of the Group was not material.
264       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VIII Segment Reporting
      1            Business Segment
                   For management purposes, the Group is organized into different operating segments, namely corporate
                   banking, retail banking and treasury operations, based on internal organizational structure, management
                   requirement and internal reporting system.

                   Corporate banking
                   The corporate banking segment covers the provision of financial products and services to corporations,
                   government agencies and other institutions. The products and services include corporate loans and
                   advances, trade financing, corporate deposits, credit commitments and financial guarantee, underwriting
                   of debt instruments and various types of corporate intermediary services, etc.

                   Retail banking
                   The retail banking segment covers the provision of financial products and services to individual
                   customers. The products and services include personal loans and advances, personal deposits, wealth
                   management businesses, card businesses and various types of retail banking services, etc.

                   Treasury operations
                   The treasury operations segment covers the Group’s treasury operations which include money market
                   transactions, repurchase transactions, debt instruments investments, equity instruments investments,
                   financial derivatives businesses for proprietary trading or on behalf of customers, as well as financial
                   products and services provided to other financial institutions. The division also manages the liquidity level
                   of the Group, including the issuance of debt securities, etc.

                   Other business
                   Other business segments refer to other businesses not included in the above reporting segments and
                   related businesses of the subsidiaries.

                   The accounting policies adopted in the preparation of segment reports are consistent with those adopted
                   in the preparation of the Group’s consolidated financial statements.

                   Transactions between segments mainly represent the provision of funding to and from individual
                   segments. These transactions are conducted on terms determined with reference to the average cost of
                   funding and have been reflected in the performance of each segment. Net interest income and expense
                   arising on internal fund transfer are referred to as internal net interest income/expense. Net interest
                   income and expense relating to third parties are referred to as external net interest income/expense.

                   Segment revenues, expenses, profits, assets and liabilities include items directly attributable to a
                   segment as well as those that can be allocated on a reasonable basis. Segment capital expenditure
                   refers to the total cash outflow of purchasing fixed assets, intangible assets and other long-term assets
                   in the accounting period.
                                                                                             Annual Report 2025         265




                                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                           (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VIII Segment Reporting (continued)
1    Business Segment (continued)
     Other business (continued)
     Business segment
                                                                     2025
                                          Corporate       Retail      Treasury
                                           banking      banking     operations          Others               Total


     External net interest income            18,957      11,123        12,542             1,837            44,459
     Inter-segment net interest
        income/(expenses)                    12,745       (1,903)      (10,842)                –                  –


     Net interest income                     31,702        9,220        1,700             1,837            44,459

     Net fee and commission
       income/(expense)                       2,580        1,123          (64)              113              3,752
     Net trading gains                            –            –        5,229                 –              5,229
     Net gains on financial
       investments                              899            –        6,053                 –              6,952
     Other operating income                       –           17           78             2,071              2,166


     Operating income                        35,181      10,360        12,996             4,021            62,558


     Operating expenses                      (10,562)     (4,937)       (4,264)          (2,286)          (22,049)
     Expected credit losses                  (10,673)    (10,609)       (2,283)            (684)          (24,249)
     Impairment losses on other
       assets                                    (71)          –             –               (60)             (131)


     Total operating expenses                (21,306)    (15,546)       (6,547)          (3,030)          (46,429)


     Profit/(losses) before taxation         13,875       (5,186)       6,449               991            16,129


     Segment assets                        1,532,618    483,211     1,324,188          119,408         3,459,425
     Unallocated assets                                                                                   21,667


     Total assets                                                                                      3,481,092


     Segment liabilities                  (1,634,989)   (404,769)   (1,215,820)        (18,179)       (3,273,757)


     Other segment information:

     Credit commitments and financial
       guarantee                            813,011      19,676             –                 –          832,687
     Depreciation and amortisation            1,098         518           381                58            2,055
     Capital expenditure                        667         210           577             7,684            9,138
266       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VIII Segment Reporting (continued)
      1            Business Segment (continued)
                   Other business (continued)
                   Business segment (continued)
                                                                                  2024
                                                      Corporate        Retail     Treasury
                                                       banking       banking    operations     Others         Total


                   External net interest income          17,704      16,414         9,327      1,712        45,157
                   Inter-segment net interest
                      income/(expenses)                  16,492       (4,699)      (11,793)         –             –


                   Net interest income/(expenses)        34,196      11,715         (2,466)    1,712        45,157

                   Net fee and commission
                     income/(expenses)                    2,894          835          785         (27)       4,487
                   Net trading gains                          –            –       10,771           –       10,771
                   Net gains on financial
                     investments                          1,034            –        4,818          –         5,852
                   Other operating income                     –           18           93      1,324         1,435


                   Operating income                      38,124      12,568        14,001      3,009        67,702


                   Operating expenses                    (10,880)     (5,448)       (4,121)    (1,479)      (21,928)
                   Expected credit losses                (15,822)     (9,783)       (1,893)      (697)      (28,195)


                   Total operating expenses              (26,702)    (15,231)       (6,014)    (2,176)      (50,123)


                   Profit/(losses) before taxation       11,422       (2,663)       7,987        833        17,579


                   Segment assets                     1,465,252     494,796     1,256,099     88,910     3,305,057
                   Unallocated assets                                                                       20,482


                   Total assets                                                                          3,325,539


                   Segment liabilities                (1,608,640)   (312,390)   (1,190,093)   (11,673)   (3,122,796)


                   Other segment information:

                   Credit commitments and financial
                     guarantee                          818,817      17,958             –          –       836,775
                   Depreciation and amortisation            841         396           292        493         2,022
                   Capital expenditure                      910         308           781      8,704        10,703
                                                                                               Annual Report 2025         267




                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                             (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VIII Segment Reporting (continued)
2    Regional Division
     The Group operates principally in Chinese Mainland, and also has a branch in Hong Kong, China.
     Geographically, the Group mainly conducts its business in the four areas listed below in Chinese
     Mainland.

     “Yangtze River Delta Region” refers to the head office, Zheyin Financial Leasing, Zheyin Wealth
     Management and the following areas serviced by the tier-one branches of the Group: Hangzhou, Ningbo,
     Wenzhou, Shaoxing, Zhoushan, Shanghai, Nanjing, Suzhou, Hefei, Jinhua;

     “Bohai Rim Region” refers to the following areas serviced by the tier-one branches of the Group: Beijing,
     Tianjin, Jinan, Shenyang;

     “Pearl River Delta Region and Economic Zone on the Western Coast of the Taiwan Straits” refers to the
     following areas serviced by the tier-one branches of the Group: Shenzhen, Guangzhou, Hong Kong,
     Fuzhou; and

     “Midwestern China Region” refers to the following areas serviced by the tier-one branches of the Group:
     Chengdu, Guiyang, Xi’an, Lanzhou, Chongqing, Wuhan, Zhengzhou, Changsha, Hohhot, Nanchang,
     Nanning, Taiyuan.
268       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VIII Segment Reporting (continued)
      2            Regional Division (continued)
                   Regional division
                                                                                                    2025
                                                                                         Pearl River
                                                                                       Delta Region
                                                                                      and Economic
                                                                                        Zone on the
                                                                                      Western Coast
                                                        Yangtze River    Bohai Rim            of the     Midwestern
                                                         Delta Region      Region     Taiwan Straits         China     Elimination        Total


                   External net interest income               29,294         3,344            3,158           8,663             –       44,459
                   Inter-segment net interest
                      (expenses)/income                        (4,600)       3,246            1,264              90             –             –


                   Net interest income                        24,694         6,590            4,422           8,753             –       44,459

                   Net fee and commission income               1,575          710              634             833              –        3,752

                   Net trading gains                           4,427          330              327             145              –        5,229
                   Net gains on financial investments          6,210          159              164             419              –        6,952
                   Other operating income                      2,005           55               16              90              –        2,166


                   Operating income                           38,911         7,844            5,563          10,240             –       62,558


                   Operating expenses                         (13,812)      (2,835)          (1,851)         (3,551)            –       (22,049)
                   Expected credit losses                     (17,285)      (3,740)          (1,868)         (1,356)            –       (24,249)
                   Impairment losses on other assets             (131)           –                –               –             –          (131)


                   Total operating expenses                   (31,228)      (6,575)          (3,719)         (4,907)            –       (46,429)


                   Profit before taxation                      7,683         1,269            1,844           5,333             –       16,129


                   Segment assets                           3,260,330      360,024         286,127          425,654      (872,710)   3,459,425
                   Unallocated assets                                                                                                   21,667


                   Total assets                                                                                                      3,481,092


                   Segment liabilities                     (3,086,578)    (357,661)        (282,697)       (419,531)      872,710    (3,273,757)


                   Other segment information:

                   Credit commitments and financial
                     guarantee                               389,700       145,139         107,700          190,148             –      832,687
                   Depreciation and amortisation               1,160           327             204              364             –        2,055
                   Capital expenditure                         8,887            43             108              100             –        9,138
                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025        269




                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                               (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VIII Segment Reporting (continued)
2    Regional Division (continued)
     Regional division (continued)
                                                                                     2024
                                                                          Pearl River
                                                                        Delta Region
                                                                       and Economic
                                                                         Zone on the
                                                                       Western Coast
                                          Yangtze River   Bohai Rim            of the       Midwestern
                                           Delta Region     Region     Taiwan Straits           China        Elimination           Total


     External net interest income               29,834        3,812            3,151             8,360                –          45,157
     Inter-segment net interest
        (expenses)/income                       (7,441)       4,478            1,785             1,178                –                –


     Net interest income                        22,393        8,290            4,936             9,538                –          45,157

     Net fee and commission income               1,325         954               972             1,236                –           4,487

     Net trading gains                           9,488         550               451              282                 –          10,771
     Net gains on financial investments          4,547         390               227              688                 –           5,852
     Other operating income                      1,301          44                18               72                 –           1,435


     Operating income                           39,054      10,228             6,604           11,816                 –          67,702


     Operating expenses                        (13,246)      (3,036)          (1,950)           (3,696)               –          (21,928)
     Expected credit losses                    (18,778)      (1,423)          (4,074)           (3,920)               –          (28,195)


     Total operating expenses                  (32,024)      (4,459)          (6,024)           (7,616)               –          (50,123)


     Profit before taxation                      7,030        5,769              580             4,200                –          17,579


     Segment assets                          2,982,840     341,511          289,376           414,808         (723,478)       3,305,057
     Unallocated assets                                                                                                          20,482


     Total assets                                                                                                             3,325,539


     Segment liabilities                    (2,811,553)    (336,345)        (289,760)         (408,616)        723,478        (3,122,796)


     Other segment information:

     Credit commitments and financial
       guarantee                               380,044     147,460            93,131          216,140                 –         836,775
     Depreciation and amortisation               1,129         328               198              367                 –           2,022
     Capital expenditure                         9,658         195                76              774                 –          10,703
270       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      IX           Commitments and Contingencies
      1            Credit Commitments and Financial Guarantee
                   Bank acceptances refer to the Group’s commitment to honor bills issued by customers. Letter of credit
                   and financial guarantee refer to guarantee of customers’ performance the Group provides to third parties.
                   Approved loan commitments, finance lease commitments and undrawn credit card limit refer to the
                   Group’s credit commitments. Receivables confirmation refer to the Group’s commitment to receivables
                   confirmation issued by customers.

                   The amount of bank acceptances, letter of credit, letter of guarantee, receivables confirmation and
                   other financial guarantee contracts disclosed is the maximum potential loss amount that the Group will
                   recognize at the balance sheet date if the counterparties fail to oblige. The amount of Irrevocable loan
                   commitments, finance lease commitment and undrawn credit line of credit card are the maximum cash
                   flow assuming fully issued. The Group expects that bank acceptances, letter of credit, letter of guarantee
                   and receivables confirmation will be settled at the same time as the payment of customers. Irrevocable
                   loan commitments, finance lease commitments and undrawn credit card facility may not be used before
                   maturity. Therefore, the contract amount mentioned below does not represent the expected cash outflow
                   in the future.

                                                                                           31 December       31 December
                                                                                                  2025              2024


                   Bank acceptances issued                                                       405,624           386,023
                   Letters of credit issued                                                      279,238           276,350
                   Letters of guarantee issued
                     – Financing letters of guarantee                                             23,834            35,451
                     – Non-financing letters of guarantee                                         19,459            17,575
                   Undrawn credit card facility                                                   19,676            17,958
                   Loan commitments and finance lease commitments                                  5,641             2,616
                   Receivables confirmation and other financial guarantee contracts               79,215           100,802


                   Total                                                                         832,687           836,775
                                                                                               Annual Report 2025         271




                                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                             (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


IX    Commitments and Contingencies (continued)
2     Capital Expenditure Commitments
      At the balance sheet date, the Group’s capital expenditure commitments are as follows:

                                                                            31 December            31 December
                                                                                   2025                   2024


      Contracted but not yet incurred                                                 5,504                  4,177
      Authorized but not contracted                                                     493                  2,003


      Total                                                                           5,997                  6,180


3     Bond Underwriting and Redemption Commitments
(1)   At 31 December 2025, the Group has outstanding bond underwriting commitments with an accumulated
      amount of RMB1,000 million (31 December 2024: Nil).

(2)   As a member of the saving bonds underwriting syndicate of the Central Government, the Group is
      obliged to redeem these bonds at the discretion of the holders at any time prior to maturity. The
      redemption price for the bonds is based on the nominal value of the bonds deducting commissions
      for early redeemed, plus any interest accrued up to the redemption date. The interest accrued shall be
      calculated in accordance with the relevant rules of the Ministry of Finance and the People’s Bank of
      China.

      At 31 December 2025, the Group had underwritten bonds with an accumulated amount of RMB925
      million (31 December 2024: RMB949 million) to the general public, and these government bonds have not
      yet matured nor been redeemed. The Group expects that the amount of redemption of these government
      bonds through the Group prior to maturity will not be material.

4     Outstanding Litigations and Arbitrations
      At the balance sheet date, the Group was involved in certain legal proceedings in the ordinary course
      of business. Management expects that such pending litigations will not materially affect the Group’s
      financial position.
272       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      X            Fiduciary Business
      1            Entrusted Loan Business
                   Entrusted loan business means that under the entrusted loan arrangement, the Group acts as an
                   intermediary to provide loans to borrowers based on the instructions of the principal. The Group is
                   responsible for assisting in supervising the use and the recovery of the loan, and charging commissions
                   for the services provided. As the Group does not assume the economic risks and rewards arising from
                   the entrusted loans, the entrusted loans will not be recognized as assets and liabilities of the Group.

                   At the balance sheet dates, the entrusted business assets and liabilities of the Group are as follows:

                                                                                            31 December        31 December
                                                                                                   2025               2024


                   Entrusted loans                                                                 13,172            15,482


                   Entrusted loan funds                                                            13,172            15,482


      2            Entrusted Investments Business
                   Entrusted investment refers to the fact that the Group accepts the entrustment of a single or multiple
                   clients based on the principal-agent relationship to engage in investment services such as asset
                   operation, investment management, investment consultancy and so on. The investment risk of entrusted
                   investment shall be borne by the client.

                   At the balance sheet dates, the entrusted business assets of the Group are as follows:

                                                                                            31 December        31 December
                                                                                                   2025               2024


                   Entrusted investments                                                              436                   401


      3            Wealth Management Services
                   The Group acts as a custodian, trustee and in other fiduciary capacities to safeguard assets for
                   customers in accordance with agreements. The Group receives fee incomes, such as custodian fees,
                   sale fees and investment management fees, in return for its services provided under the agreements and
                   does not have any interest in the economic risks and rewards related to assets under custody. Therefore,
                   assets under custody are not recognized in the Group’s balance sheet.

                   At balance sheet date, please refer to Note VII.2 (3) for information about wealth management services.
                                                                                                Annual Report 2025         273




                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                              (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


XI   Collateral Information
1    Assets Pledged as Security
     The book value of the Group’s secured liabilities related to the assets as collateral on the balance sheet
     dates are presented as due to the central bank, placements from banks and other financial institutions,
     financial assets sold under repurchase agreements and customer deposits. At the balance sheet date,
     the secured liabilities of the Group analyzed by collateral type were as follows:

                                                                             31 December            31 December
                                                                                    2025                   2024


     Bond investments                                                              259,327                 192,616
     Bills                                                                           3,244                  14,222
     Fixed assets leased out under operating leases                                    438                       –
     Finance lease receivables                                                         435                     269
     Bank deposit certificate                                                            –                     156


     Total                                                                         263,444                 207,263

     In addition, the Group provided collateral for the securities borrowed through the security lending and
     swap business. At 31 December 2025, the assets as collateral under the security lending and swap
     business of the Group were RMB1,671 million (31 December 2024: RMB100 million).

2    Assets Received as Collateral
     At 31 December 2025, the Group did not hold any collateral that could be sold or repledged if the
     counterparty did not default (31 December 2024: RMB100 million) as collateral for financial assets
     purchased under resale agreements, the Group could sell or repledge the collateral in the absence of
     default by the owner of the collateral. The Group has an obligation to return the collateral to the owner
     on the date of resale, at the balance sheet date, none of the collateral is re-sold or re-pledged. Details
     of collateral related information in loans and advances to customers and financial investments that are
     credit-impaired could be referred to in Note XIII.1(9).
274       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      XII          Related Parties and Related Party Transactions
      1            Major Shareholders
                   At 31 December 2025, the shareholding of major shareholder units directly or indirectly holding more
                   than 5% of the Bank’s shares are as follows:

                                                                                         Number of
                                                                                        shares held
                                                                                          (In million    Shareholding
                                                                                             shares)      Percentage


                   Zhejiang Provincial Innovation Investment Group Co., Ltd.
                     (formerly known as Zhejiang Provincial Financial
                     Holdings Co., Ltd.)                                                       3,452          12.57%
                   Zhejiang Provincial Energy Group Co., Ltd. and its group members,
                     Zheneng Capital Investment (Hong Kong) Limited and Zhejiang
                     Energy International Co., Ltd.                                            1,849           6.73%
                   Zhejiang Hengyi Group Co., Ltd. and its group members Zhejiang
                     Hengyi High-tech Material Co., Ltd. and Zhejiang Hengyi
                     Petrochemical Co., Ltd.                                                   1,616           5.88%
                   Zhejiang Provincial Seaport Investment & Operation Group Co.,
                     Ltd. and its group members, Zhejiang Seaport (Hong Kong)
                     Co., Ltd.                                                                 1,379           5.02%

                   At 31 December 2024, the shareholding of major shareholder units directly or indirectly holding more
                   than 5% of the Bank’s shares are as follows:

                                                                                          Number of
                                                                                         shares held
                                                                                           (In million   Shareholding
                                                                                              shares)     Percentage


                   Zhejiang Provincial Innovation Investment Group Co., Ltd.
                     (formerly known as Zhejiang Provincial Financial
                     Holdings Co., Ltd.)                                                       3,452          12.57%
                   Zhejiang Provincial Energy Group Co., Ltd. and its group members,
                     Zheneng Capital Investment (Hong Kong) Limited and Zhejiang
                     Energy International Co., Ltd.                                            1,849           6.73%
                   Zhejiang Hengyi Group Co., Ltd. and its group members Zhejiang
                     Hengyi High-tech Material Co., Ltd. and Zhejiang Hengyi
                     Petrochemical Co., Ltd.                                                   1,616           5.88%
                   Hengdian Group Holdings Limited                                             1,616           5.88%
                   Zhejiang Provincial Seaport Investment & Operation Group
                     Co., Ltd. and its group members, Zhejiang Seaport
                     (Hong Kong) Co., Ltd.                                                     1,379           5.02%
                                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025            275




                                                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                                                     (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


XII   Related Parties and Related Party Transactions (continued)
2     Related Party Transactions
      The amount of major transactions between the Group and related parties and the balance of major
      current accounts at the balance sheet date are as follows:

                                                                                                        Zhejiang
                                                  Zhejiang                                             Provincial
                                                 Provincial         Zhejiang                             Seaport
                                                Innovation        Provincial        Zhejiang        Investment &                                       Proportion
                                               Investment      Energy Group     Hengyi Group           Operation                                  in the amount/
                                           Group Co., Ltd.         Co., Ltd.        Co., Ltd.    Group Co., Ltd.                                       balance of
                                                    and its          and its          and its             and its                                  related similar
                                              subsidiaries      subsidiaries     subsidiaries        subsidiaries      Others            Total       transactions


      The amount of significant
        transactions in 2025 is
        as follows:
        Interest income                                  1                 9              76                   16         328              430             0.42%
        Interest expense                               (66)               (1)              –                  (10)       (102)            (179)            0.31%
        Fee and commission income                        –                 3               1                    –           7               11             0.19%
        Net trading gains                               57                (2)              –                    –          70              125             2.39%
        Operating expenses                               –                 –               –                   (1)         (6)              (7)            0.03%

      At 31 December 2025, the
        balance of major current
        accounts is as follows:
        Derivative financial assets                      –                 –                –                   –         280             280              1.02%
        Financial assets purchased
          under resale agreements                      597                 –                –                   –            –            597              0.66%
        Loans and advances to
          customers                                      –              356            1,998                 340        5,955           8,649              0.45%
        Financial investments
          measured at FVTPL                          7,669                 –                –                   –       8,773          16,442              7.16%
        Financial investments
          measured at FVOCI                              –                20                –                   –           30              50             0.01%
        Customer deposits                           (4,151)              (58)            (100)             (1,381)      (5,438)        (11,128)            0.55%
        Derivative financial liabilities                 –                 –                –                   –         (203)           (203)            0.98%

      The major off-balance sheet
        items at 31 December 2025
        are as follows:
        Credit commitments and
           financial guarantee                          17              927            2,350                    1         123           3,418              0.41%
        Loan balance guaranteed by
           related parties                           6,689              239            5,666                 261        5,782          18,637              0.68%
276       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      XII          Related Parties and Related Party Transactions (continued)
      2            Related Party Transactions (continued)
                                                                                                                            Zhejiang
                                                          Zhejiang                                                         Provincial
                                                         Provincial        Zhejiang                       Hengdian          Seaport
                                                        Innovation        Provincial        Zhejiang         Group     Investment &                                 Proportion
                                                       Investment     Energy Group      Hengyi Group      Holdings         Operation                           in the amount/
                                                   Group Co., Ltd.        Co., Ltd.         Co., Ltd.       Limited      Group Co.,                                 balance of
                                                           and its          and its           and its       and its      Ltd. and its                           related similar
                                                      subsidiaries      subsidiaries     subsidiaries   subsidiaries     subsidiaries    Others      Total        transactions


                   The amount of significant
                     transactions in 2024 is
                     as follows:
                     Interest income                             2                 9              31              1               15       215         273             0.25%
                     Interest expense                          (11)               (3)              –             (8)             (10)      (95)       (127)            0.19%
                     Fee and commission income                   –                 –               1              –                 –         3           4            0.07%
                     Net trading gains                         272                 –               –            206                 –       47         525             4.87%
                     Other operating income                      –                 –               –              –                 –         1           1            0.07%
                     Operating expenses                          –                 –               –              –                (1)       (3)         (4)           0.02%

                   At 31 December 2024, the
                     balance of major balance
                     sheet items is as follows:
                     Derivative financial assets                 –                –                –              –                –       264        264              0.63%
                     Financial Assets Purchased
                       Under Resale Agreements                 210                –                –              –                –       200        410              0.60%
                     Loans and advances to
                       customers                                 –              265            1,794             78             367      5,233      7,737              0.42%
                     Financial investments
                       measured at FVTPL                     6,855                –                –          3,952                –     2,321     13,128              5.74%
                     Financial investments
                       measured at FVOCI                         –               31                –              –                –          –         31             0.01%
                     Customer deposits                      (3,375)             (69)            (400)          (541)            (842)    (5,601)   (10,828)            0.57%

                   The major off balance sheet
                     items at 31 December 2024
                     are as follows:
                     Credit commitments and
                        financial guarantee                      –              218            2,500             30                1       149      2,898              0.35%
                     Other off balance sheet
                        items                                    –              100                –              –                –          –       100              0.13%
                     Loan balance guaranteed
                        by related parties                   8,235              300            4,488             30             368      4,324     17,745              0.66%

                  The Bank disclosed related party transactions in accordance with Measures for the Administration of
                  Affiliated Transactions of Banking and Insurance Institutions (Decree No.1 in the year of 2022 of the
                  original CBIRC). For major related party transactions, please refer to the Bank’s announcement on
                  the Shanghai Stock Exchange, and for general related party transactions, please refer to the Investor
                  Services column on the Bank’s website.
                                                                                                Annual Report 2025        277




                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                             (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


XII   Related Parties and Related Party Transactions (continued)
3     Key Management Personnel
      Key management personnel are those persons who have the authority and responsibility to plan, direct
      and control the activities of the Group. The Group enters into banking transactions with key management
      personnel in the normal course of business. For the reporting period, the Group had no material banking
      transactions and balances with key management personnel.

      The remuneration of directors and other members of key management during the period were as follows:

                                                                                       2025                   2024


      Fees                                                                                  2                      2
      Salaries and allowances and benefits                                                  6                      7
      Discretionary bonuses                                                                 –                      1
      Contribution to pension                                                               2                      2


      Total                                                                               10                     12

      The total compensation packages (before tax) for directors and key management personnel have not
      been finalised.The total compensation packages will be further disclosed when determined.
278       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      XII          Related Parties and Related Party Transactions (continued)
      4            Transactions Between the Bank and the Subsidiaries
                   The transactions between the Bank and its subsidiaries are mainly subject to general business terms
                   and carried out in accordance with normal business procedures or in accordance with the contractual
                   agreements of the Bank, and shall be approved by the corresponding decision-making authority
                   depending on the nature and the amount of the transaction. The amount of major transactions between
                   the Bank and its subsidiaries (consolidated structured entities directly held by the Group excluded) and
                   the balance of major current accounts at the balance sheet date are as follows:

                                                                                                   2025              2024


                   Interest income                                                                    32                66
                   Interest expense                                                                  (44)               (6)
                   Fee and commission income                                                          14                15
                   Fee and commission expense                                                       (153)                –
                   Other operating income                                                             10                16
                   Lease payment to subsidiaries                                                       4                13

                                                                                          31 December        31 December
                                                                                                 2025               2024


                   Placements with banks and other financial institutions                              –            3,002
                   Other assets                                                                    1,019               20
                   Deposits from banks and other financial institutions                           (3,937)            (348)
                   Other liabilities                                                                  (9)               (8)


      5            Plan and Transaction of Annuity
                   Except for normal contributions, other related party transactions in the annuity funds established by the
                   Group and the Bank during the reporting period are as follows:

                                                                                                   2025              2024


                   Interest expense                                                                    9                25

                                                                                          31 December        31 December
                                                                                                 2025               2024


                   Customer deposits                                                                197               447
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025         279




                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                 (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


XIII Financial Risk Management
     The Group is exposed to a variety of financial risks arising from its operating activities. The Group
     analyzes, evaluates, accepts and manages those risks or risk portfolios of a certain degree. Managing
     those risks is critical to the financial industry, and risks are an inevitable consequence of being in
     business operation. The Group’s aim is therefore to achieve an appropriate balance between risk and
     return and minimize potential adverse effects on the Group’s financial performance.

     The Group’s risk management policies are designed to identify and analyze these risks, to set appropriate
     risk limits and control programs, and to monitor the risks and adherence to limits by means of reliable
     and up-to-date information systems.

     The board of directors takes the ultimate responsibility for comprehensive risk management, and the
     senior management is responsible for implementing comprehensive risk management. The position
     of chief risk officer has been established in place, the senior management has established special
     committees including risk management and asset and liability management committee, information
     technology management committee, data governance committee and innovation management committee.

     The risk management department at the head office is the coordination department for comprehensive
     risk management and the leading executive department for management of credit risk, market risk
     (excluding interest rate risk of banking book), country risk, information technology risk and ESG risk
     management. The asset and liability management department at the head office is the leading executive
     department for management of the interest rate risk of banking book and liquidity risk. The internal
     control, compliance and legal department at the head office is the leading executive department for
     operational risk, compliance risk management and outsourcing risk management. The work department
     of the party committee (the publicity department of the party committee) at the head office is the leading
     executive department for reputational risk management. The development and planning department at the
     head office is the leading executive department for strategic risk management. The social responsibility
     and consumer rights protection department at the head office is the leading executive department for
     consumer rights protection.

     The primary financial risks to which the Group is exposed to when using financial instruments are credit
     risk, market risk (including interest rate risk, foreign exchange risk) and liquidity risk.

1    Credit Risk
     The Group is exposed to credit risk, which is the risk of loss arising from a client or counterparty’s failure
     to discharge its contractual obligations. Exposure to credit risk mainly arises from interbank transactions,
     corporate and retail loans, as well as loan commitments from lending activities. It can also be derived
     from credit enhancement provided by the Group, such as credit derivatives (credit default swaps), letters
     of credit, financial guarantees and acceptances. Management carefully manages its exposure to credit
     risks. The daily credit risk management and control are centralized in the risk management department at
     the head office and reported to the Bank’s senior management in a timely manner.
280       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
      1            Credit Risk (continued)
      (1)          Credit risk measurement
                   Loans and advances to customers, credit commitments and financial guarantee
                   Based on changes in external business environment, internal business conditions and risk profile, the
                   Group has formulated basic credit policies, and specified the policy orientation in respect of customer
                   structure, industry structure, regional structure and key business areas of the Group’s credit business.
                   In addition, the Group regularly adjusts its credit policy on the basis of continuous tracking of macro
                   and industry economic development trends. The Group shall continue to improve the credit system
                   construction, the unified credit extension management system for corporate and institutional customers,
                   group customer identification and unified credit extension management, the overall management
                   and unified control of the total credits of corporate and institutional customers, and the standardized
                   credit approval process, group customer management. The Bank shall also establish a differentiated
                   authorization system, and timely adjust the credit policy and take effective measures to guard against
                   credit risks.

                   The Group has established the credit risk limit framework system, credit risk limit management plans
                   and methods, and specified management mechanisms in respect of setting, adjusting, monitoring and
                   processing quota indicators to effectively transmit risk preferences. Financial assets are written off when
                   the Group is unable to recover the whole or a part of them even after taking necessary measures and
                   implementing necessary procedures, and when the write-off conditions set by the Ministry of Finance and
                   the Group are met.

                   Bond investment
                   The Group manages investment in bonds and other instruments based on the internal credit rating and
                   credit rating of external rating agencies. Except for immediate approval to government bonds, local
                   government debts, central bank bills and policy bank financial bonds, all other bonds are subject to
                   credit approval processes and credit rating requirements. At the same time, the Group continues to
                   focus on the credit rating, business development and industry changes, to perform continuous evaluation
                   and management of credit risk.

                   Non-bond debt investment
                   Non-bond debt investment includes trust schemes and asset management plans and debt financing
                   plans. The Group implements rating assessment system for cooperative trust companies and securities
                   companies, and sets credit lines for the ultimate financing party of the trust income and targeted asset
                   management plans and debt financing plans, and conducts follow-up review of risk management on a
                   regular basis.

                   Interbank business
                   Credit risk of financial institutions is reviewed and managed on a regularly basis. Credit lines are set for
                   banks or other financial institutions that engage in financial transactions with the Group.
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025         281




                                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
1     Credit Risk (continued)
(2)   Risk limits and mitigation measures
      The Group has established policies and procedures for credit risk limits management. Credit risk limits
      are set based on specific customers, industries and the quality of assets, and a working mechanism
      is established regarding credit risk limits management, including limits setting, adjustment, monitoring,
      reporting and processing.

      The Group transfers or mitigates its credit risk exposure by way of guarantee, collateral (pledge), net
      settlement and credit derivatives. Other specific management and mitigation measures include:

      Collaterals and pledged assets
      The Group has formulated a series of policies to mitigate credit risks through various measures. The
      acquisition of collateral and margins and obtaining corporate or individual guarantees is an important
      means for the Group to control credit risk. The Group implements guidelines on the acceptability of
      specific classes of collateral. The principal types of collateral are as follows:

      •         Residential properties

      •         Business assets such as commercial properties, inventories and accounts receivables

      •         Financial instruments such as debt securities and stocks

      The fair value of collaterals and pledges are assessed by professional valuation firms appointed by the
      Group. To reduce credit risk, the Group has set maximum loan-to-value ratio (ratio of loan amount to fair
      value of collateral and pledge) for different collaterals and pledges. The principal types of collateral and
      pledge and the maximum loan-to-value ratio for corporate and retail loans are as follows:

                                                                                                        Maximum
      Type of collaterals and pledged assets                                                   loan to value ratio


      Time deposits, PRC treasury bonds                                                                         100%
      Financial bonds                                                                                            80%
      Residential properties and commercial properties                                                           70%
      Land use rights                                                                                            70%
      Vehicles                                                                                                   60%
      General equipment                                                                                          50%

      For loans guaranteed by a third-party, the Group will assess the guarantor’s financial condition, credit
      history and ability to meet obligations.
282       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
      1            Credit Risk (continued)
      (2)          Risk limits and mitigation measures (continued)
                   Derivative financial instruments
                   The Group imposes strict restrictions on the trading of derivative financial instruments. The Group
                   controls the credit risks associated with derivative financial instruments by collecting margins or grant
                   credits from/to counterparties.

                   Deposits of credit commitments and financial guarantee
                   The main purpose of credit commitments and financial guarantee is to ensure that customers can receive
                   the funds needed. The letter of guarantee and the letter of credit represent the Group’s irrevocable
                   undertaking, that is, the Group will perform the payment obligations on behalf of its customers who fail
                   to meet their payment obligations to third parties, and the Group bears the same credit risk as the case
                   of loans. In the event that the amount of credit commitments and financial guarantee requested by the
                   customer exceeds its original credit limit, the Group will collect deposit to reduce the credit risk involved
                   in providing the service.

      (3)          Measurement of ECLs
                   The ECL model is used for the measurement of the allowance for ECLs for financial assets measured at
                   AC, financial assets measured at FVOCI and credit commitments and financial guarantee.

                   The ECL model is developed in accordance with the accounting standards. Based on credit risk
                   characteristics such as product type, customer type, customer industry, the Group has conducted
                   a risk subgroup on financial assets and established different models for non-retail business, retail
                   business, credit card business, etc. The Group has established a regression model of risk parameters
                   and macroeconomic indicators such as GDP, etc. The Group applies the ECL model to calculate credit
                   losses under multiple scenarios to regularly predict three macro scenarios, including optimistic, neutral
                   and pessimistic. The Group uses judgements, assumptions and estimates in measuring the ECLs in
                   accordance with the accounting standards, including:

                   •            Grouping of risks

                   •            Classification of stages

                   •            Models and parameters

                   •            Forward-looking information, other adjustments and sensitivity analysis

                   Grouping of risks
                   Credit exposures are grouped based on credit risk characteristics including type of product, type of
                   customer, industry where the client operates and markets. The non-retail business exposure risk group
                   covers manufacturing loans, real estate loans and wholesale and retail loans, etc. The retail business
                   exposure risk group covers business loans, consumer loans, mortgage loans and credit card, etc.
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025         283




                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                 (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
1     Credit Risk (continued)
(3)   Measurement of ECLs (continued)
      Classification of stages
      The Group classifies financial instruments into three stages and makes provisions for ECLs accordingly,
      depending on whether the credit risk of a financial instrument has increased significantly or whether
      the financial instrument is credit-impaired since initial recognition. The three risk stages are defined as
      follows:

      Stage 1: Credit risk has not increased significantly since initial recognition. A 12-month ECL is
      recognized.

      Stage 2: Credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition but there is no objective evidence
      of impairment of the financial instrument. A lifetime ECL is recognized.

      Stage 3: When there is objective evidence of impairment of the financial assets at the balance sheet
      date. A lifetime ECL is recognized.

      The Group’s staging criteria has taken into consideration the internal credit rating, probability of default,
      overdue days, credit risk rating, etc.

      Definition of significant increase in credit risk
      At each balance sheet date, the Group assesses whether the credit risk of the relevant financial
      instruments has increased significantly since initial recognition. The Group fully considers all reasonable
      information with solid evidence, including forward-looking information that reflects significant changes in
      its credit risk. The main considerations are regulatory and operating environment, internal and external
      credit rating, solvency, operating capacity, loan contract terms, and repayment behavior. The Group
      determines the changes in credit risk over the expected lifetime of the financial instruments by comparing
      the credit risk of the financial instruments at the balance sheet date with that at the date of initial
      recognition.

      The Group determines whether the credit risk of financial instruments has changed significantly since
      initial recognition by setting quantitative and qualitative criteria. The judgement criteria mainly include
      more than 30 days overdue, changes in probability of default and other cases that indicate a significant
      change in credit risk.
284       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
      1            Credit Risk (continued)
      (3)          Measurement of ECLs (continued)
                   Definition of credit-impaired financial assets
                   Generally, financial assets are considered to be credit-impaired if:

                   •            The borrower is more than 90 days overdue after the contractual payment date;

                   •            The internal credit rating of the borrower is default level;

                   •            For economic or contractual reasons related to the financial difficulties of the borrower,
                                concessions which normally are not available are being made to the borrower;

                   •            The borrower is experiencing significant financial difficulties;

                   •            The borrower is likely to enter bankruptcy or other financial restructuring; and

                   •            The active market for the financial assets disappears as a result of the financial difficulties of
                                the issuer or debtor.

                   An impairment of financial assets may be caused by the combined effect of multiple events, and may not
                   be the result of a separately identifiable events.

                   The above criteria apply to all financial assets and credit commitments and financial guarantee of the
                   Group. The definition of credit-impaired financial assets is consistently applied to the calculation of ECLs
                   of the Group and when considering about historical statistics and forward-looking information.
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025         285




                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                  (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
1     Credit Risk (continued)
(3)   Measurement of ECLs (continued)
      Models and parameters
      Except for the credit-impaired financial instruments, depending on whether there is a significant increase
      in credit risk and whether the assets are credit-impaired, the Group recognizes allowance for different
      financial instruments with expected credit losses over 12 months or the lifetime of the instrument,
      respectively. Allowance for ECLs is the result of multiplication of probability of default (PD), loss given
      default (LGD) and exposure at default (EAD) and discount factor. Related definitions are as follows:

      •         Probability of default (PD) refers to the possibility that the debtor will not be able to fulfil
                its obligations in the next 12 months or throughout the life of the asset. The Group’s PD is
                calculated based on the results of the Internal Rating-Based Approach. The PD of the entire
                duration is calculated based on the 12-month probability of default;

      •         Loss given default (LGD) is the percentage of risk exposure loss at the time of default. The
                default loss rate varies depending on the type of counterparty, the way of recourse and priority
                and the availability of collateral or other credit support. The LGD varies by financial assets; and

      •         Exposure at default (EAD) refers to the amount that the Group should pay when the default
                occurs in the next 12 months or throughout the life of the asset. The Group’s exposure at
                default is determined by the expected repayment arrangements, and it varies depending on the
                types of products. For installments payment and lump sum repayment, the Group determines
                the exposure at default according to the repayment plan stipulated in the contract.

      The Group determines the ECLs by forecasting the probability of default, loss given default and exposure
      at default of future individual debt. The Group multiplies the three parameters to calculate the ECLs for
      future periods, and then discount the results of each period to the report date in lump sum. The discount
      rate used in the calculation of expected credit loss is the initial effective interest rate or its approximate
      value.
286       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
      1            Credit Risk (continued)
      (3)          Measurement of ECLs (continued)
                   Models and parameters (continued)
                   The measurement of ECLs for credit-impaired corporate loans and advances to customers and
                   investments applied cash flow discount method, if there is objective evidence that an financial asset
                   is credit-impaired, the amount of the ECLs is measured as the difference between the asset’s gross
                   carrying amount and the present value of estimated future cash flows discounted at the asset’s original
                   effective interest rate. In determining ECLs on an individual basis, the following factors are considered:

                   •            The sustainability of the borrower’s business plan;

                   •            The ability to improve performance once a financial difficulty has arisen;

                   •            The estimated recoverable cash flows from disposal of assets and liquidation;

                   •            The availability of other financial support and the realizable value of collaterals; and

                   •            The timing of the expected cash flows.

                   Forward-looking information, other adjustments and sensitivity analysis
                   The Group has established a forward-looking model and developed regression models for different
                   macro-economic indicators such as Gross Domestic Product growth rate year-on-year (GDP). The Group
                   uses forecasting results of macro-indicators to achieve “forward-looking” calculation of ECLs.

                   The Group forecasts multiple macro indicators under three domestic macro scenarios: optimistic,
                   neutral and pessimistic. The Group uses the weight scorecard model to determine the weight of
                   the macroeconomic multi scenario indicator forecast value through quantitative analysis of the
                   macroeconomic multi scenario forecast value. Neutral scenario is defined as the most probable situation,
                   which will become benchmark for other scenarios. Optimistic and pessimistic scenarios are possible
                   scenarios which are better and worse than neutral scenario respectively. It can also be used as one of
                   the sources of sensitivity analysis.
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025         287




                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
1     Credit Risk (continued)
(3)   Measurement of ECLs (continued)
      Forward-looking information, other adjustments and sensitivity analysis (continued)
      At 31 December 2025, the key macro-indicators the Group has applied include the GDP growth rate on
      year-on-year basis, the Per Capita Disposable Income of Urban Residents growth rate on year-on-year
      basis, M0 currency in circulation growth rate on year-on-year basis, etc. Among all, the forecasts of
      height weights macro-indicators are listed as follows:

      Indicators                                                                                 Predictive range

      GDP growth rate on year-on-year basis                                                From 4.41% to 5.78%
      Per Capita Disposable Income of Urban Residents growth rate
        on year-on-year basis                                                            From 3.60% to 4.46%
      M0 currency in circulation growth rate on year-on-year basis                     From 11.43% to 12.37%

      Through sensitivity analysis, when the weight of optimistic scenario increases by 10% and the weight of
      neutral scenario decreases by 10%, the allowance for ECLs will decrease by no more than 0.65%. When
      the weight of pessimistic scenario increases by 10% and the weight of neutral scenario decreases by
      10%, the allowance for ECLs will increase by no more than 0.77%.

      When managing ECL model, the Bank fully considered the impact of the potential factors of local
      government debt on credit risk exposure and makes allowance for ECLs prudently, thereby enhancing
      the Group’s risk compensation capability.

(4)   Maximum exposure to credit risk
      The following table provides an analysis of the exposure to credit risk of financial instruments applicable
      to the measurement of ECLs. The carrying amount of the following financial assets is the maximum
      exposure to credit risk of the Group:

                                                                              31 December             31 December
                                                                                     2025                    2024

      Cash and balances with the central bank                                        125,704                 129,691
      Deposits with banks and other financial institutions                            73,583                  51,919
      Placements with banks and other financial institutions                           5,952                  17,366
      Financial assets purchased under resale agreements                              90,599                  68,407
      Loans and advances to customers
        – measured at AC                                                           1,575,832              1,487,701
        – measured at FVOCI                                                          307,405                324,983
      Financial investments
        – measured at AC                                                             454,851                 469,159
        – measured at FVOCI                                                          365,397                 355,999
      Other financial assets                                                          72,556                  67,941

      Total                                                                        3,071,879              2,973,166

      Credit Commitments and Financial Guarantee                                     831,809                 835,689
288       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
      1            Credit Risk (continued)
      (5)          Risk concentration
                   The credit risk usually increases if the counterparties are concentrated in a certain industry, region or
                   based on certain economic characteristics. Meanwhile, the economic development is differentiated by
                   the unique characteristics of industries and regions, so the credit risk varies from industry to industry and
                   region to region.

                   Geographical segments
                   The gross amount of loans and advances to customers granted by the Group are listed as follows by
                   region (fair value changes and interest accrued excluded):

                                                                    31 December 2025                 31 December 2024
                                                                      Gross                            Gross
                                                                    amount    Proportion              amount    Proportion


                   Yangtze River Delta Region                     1,067,571          55.81%          991,127          53.65%
                   Midwestern China Region                          380,390          19.89%          367,401          19.89%
                   Bohai Rim Region                                 245,388          12.83%          257,185          13.92%
                   Pearl River Delta Region and Economic
                     Zone on the Western Coast of the
                     Taiwan Straits                                 219,434          11.47%          231,684          12.54%


                   Total                                          1,912,783         100.00%        1,847,397         100.00%
                                                                                            Annual Report 2025         289




                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                          (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
1     Credit Risk (continued)
(5)   Risk concentration (continued)
      Industry segments
      The gross amount of loans and advances to customers granted by the Group are listed as follows by
      industry (fair value changes and interest accrued excluded):

                                                  31 December 2025                31 December 2024
                                                    Gross                           Gross
                                                  amount    Proportion             amount    Proportion


      Corporate loans and advances
      Leasing and commercial services             339,725        17.76%           267,267               14.47%
      Manufacturing                               286,725        14.99%           273,221               14.79%
      Wholesale and retail trade                  185,808         9.72%           191,741               10.38%
      Real estate                                 161,815         8.46%           186,133               10.07%
      Administration of water conservancy,
         environment and public facilities         87,829         4.59%             68,991               3.73%
      Construction                                 80,505         4.21%             74,814               4.05%
      Financing                                    40,338         2.11%             42,009               2.27%
      Scientific research, technology services
         and geological exploration                28,695         1.50%             23,689               1.28%
      Information transmission, computer
         services and software industry            25,114         1.31%             28,245               1.53%
      Transportation, storage and postal
         service                                   18,930         0.99%             17,314               0.94%
      Accommodation and catering                   17,947         0.94%             18,460               1.00%
      Production and supply of electricity,
         heat, gas and water                       17,525         0.92%             14,403               0.78%
      Agriculture, forestry, animal husbandry
         and fishery                               13,825         0.72%             13,054               0.71%
      Mining                                       12,832         0.67%             16,611               0.90%
      Culture, sports and entertainment             6,422         0.34%              6,194               0.33%
      Education                                     3,292         0.17%              3,503               0.19%
      Health, social security and social
         welfare                                    2,163         0.11%               1,768              0.10%
      Household services and other services         1,969         0.10%               2,149              0.12%


      Corporate loans and advances               1,331,459       69.61%         1,249,566               67.64%
      Personal loans and advances                  464,408       24.28%           478,631               25.91%
      Discounted bills                             116,916        6.11%           119,200                6.45%


      Total                                      1,912,783     100.00%          1,847,397             100.00%
290       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
      1            Credit Risk (continued)
      (6)          Credit risk analysis of loans and advances to customers
                   At the balance sheet date, the stage, overdue information and allowance for ECLs of loans and advances
                   to customers (fair value changes and interest accrued excluded) of the Group are listed as follows:

                                                                                                    31 December         31 December
                                                                                      Notes                2025                2024


                   Credit-impaired                                                                          29,960              27,565
                   Less: Allowance for ECLs                                               (a)              (17,443)            (17,384)


                   Subtotal                                                                                12,517              10,181


                   Overdue but not credit-impaired                                                           8,963               9,979
                   Less: Allowance for ECLs                                               (b)               (2,666)             (2,861)


                   Subtotal                                                                                  6,297               7,118


                   Neither overdue nor credit-impaired                                                  1,873,860           1,809,853
                   Less: Allowance for ECLs                                         (c)                   (19,365)            (24,187)


                   Subtotal                                                                             1,854,495           1,785,666


                   Total                                                                                1,873,309           1,802,965

                   (a)     At 31 December 2025, the allowance for ECLs of the loans and advances to customers measured at FVOCI
                           which were credit-impaired were RMB319 million (31 December 2024: RMB313 million). The allowance for ECLs
                           are recognized in other comprehensive income, without offsetting the carrying amount of these financial assets
                           in the balance sheet.

                   (b)     At 31 December 2025, the allowance for ECLs of the loans and advances to customers measured at FVOCI
                           which were overdue but not credit-impaired were RMB21 million (31 December 2024: RMB86 million). The
                           allowance for ECLs are recognized in other comprehensive income, without offsetting the carrying amount of
                           these financial assets in the balance sheet.

                   (c)     At 31 December 2025, the allowance for ECLs of the loans and advances to customers measured at FVOCI
                           which were neither overdue nor credit-impaired were RMB640 million (31 December 2024: RMB720 million). The
                           allowance for ECLs are recognized in other comprehensive income, without offsetting the carrying amount of
                           these financial assets in the balance sheet.
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025        291




                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                              (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
1     Credit Risk (continued)
(7)   Credit risk analysis of the amounts due from banks and other financial institutions
      Amounts due from banks and other financial institutions include deposits with banks and other financial
      institutions, placements with banks and other financial institutions and financial assets purchased under
      resale agreements. At the balance sheet date, the book balance (interest accrued excluded) of the
      Group’s due from banks and other financial institutions classified by stage, overdue information and
      counterparties are analyzed as follows:

                                                                             31 December            31 December
                                                                                    2025                   2024


      Neither overdue nor credit-impaired
        – AAA1 to AAA6                                                               54,628                  55,427
        – AA1 to AA6                                                                 31,305                  33,593
        – A1 to A3                                                                   72,892                  45,331
        – No rating                                                                  11,157                   3,229


      Less: Allowance for ECLs                                                            (50)                    (28)


      Total                                                                        169,932                 137,552
292       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
      1            Credit Risk (continued)
      (8)          Credit risk analysis of debt instrument investments
                   The Group continuously monitors the credit risk profile of the debt instrument portfolios held. At the
                   balance sheet date, the carrying amount (fair value changes and interest accrued excluded) of the debt
                   instruments which are subjected to the measurement of ECLs is listed as follows:

                                                                                                  31 December         31 December
                                                                                    Notes                2025                2024


                   Credit-impaired                                                                       50,027              52,638
                   Less: Allowance for ECLs                                           (a)               (24,001)            (23,688)


                   Subtotal                                                                              26,026              28,950


                   Overdue but not credit-impaired                                                           123                   –
                   Less: Allowance for ECLs                                                                   (2)                  –


                   Subtotal                                                                                  121                   –


                   Neither overdue nor credit-impaired
                     – Government                                                                       326,267            326,387
                     – Policy banks                                                                     254,930            177,672
                     – Commercial banks                                                                  46,337             89,384
                     – Other financial institutions                                                      13,973             36,865
                     – Others                                                                           141,336            154,124
                   Less: Allowance for ECLs                                           (b)                (1,023)            (1,709)


                   Subtotal                                                                             781,820            782,723


                   Total                                                                                807,967            811,673

                   (a)     At 31 December 2025, the total allowance for ECLs of the debt investments measured at FVOCI which were
                           credit-impaired, were RMB26 million (31 December 2024: 325 million). The ECL allowance are recognized in
                           other comprehensive income, without offsetting the carrying amount of these financial assets in the balance
                           sheet.

                   (b)     At 31 December 2025, the total allowance for ECLs of the debt investments measured at FVOCI which were
                           neither overdue nor credit-impaired, were RMB367 million (31 December 2024: RMB353 million). The ECL
                           allowance are recognized in other comprehensive income, without offsetting the carrying amount of these
                           financial assets in the balance sheet.
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025         293




                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                  (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
1     Credit Risk (continued)
(9)   Collaterals and other credit enhancement
      The Group closely monitors the collaterals corresponding to credit-impaired financial assets, as compared
      with other collaterals, the Group is more likely to confiscate these collaterals to reduce potential credit
      losses. At the balance sheet date, the Group’s credit-impaired loans and advances to customers
      and financial investments (fair value changes and interest accrued excluded) and the corresponding
      exposures covered by collateral are listed as follows:

                                                                      31 December 2025
                                                                                                           Exposures
                                                        Gross       Allowance                             covered by
                                                       amount        for ECLs            Subtotal           collateral


      Credit-impaired financial assets
      Loans and advances to customers
        – measured at AC                                29,358         (17,443)             11,915               20,667
        – measured at FVOCI                                602            (319)                283                  413
      Financial investments
        – measured at AC                                49,948         (24,001)             25,947               43,471
        – measured at FVOCI                                 79             (26)                 53                    –


      Total                                             79,987         (41,789)             38,198               64,551

                                                                      31 December 2024
                                                                                                            Exposures
                                                        Gross        Allowance                             covered by
                                                       amount         for ECLs            Subtotal           collateral


      Credit-impaired financial assets
      Loans and advances to customers
        – measured at AC                                26,887         (17,384)               9,503              18,195
        – measured at FVOCI                                678            (313)                 365                 444
      Financial investments
        – measured at AC                                52,202         (23,688)             28,514               43,192
        – measured at FVOCI                                436            (325)                111                    –


      Total                                             80,203         (41,710)             38,493               61,831
294       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
      2            Market Risk
                   Market risk refers to the risk of losses of on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet business arising
                   from unfavorable changes in market prices including interest rates, exchange rates, stock prices
                   and commodity prices. The Group’s exposures to market risk arise from the trading and non-trading
                   businesses.

                   The Group’s market risk management system consists of the board of directors, senior management,
                   risk management department, capital operation center, technology management department, audit
                   department, other departments, as well as branches, subbranches and the subsidiaries. Senior
                   management is responsible for implementing and organizing the market risk management, overseeing the
                   implementation of market risk appetite, as well as formulating, periodically evaluating and carrying out
                   relevant policies and procedures for market risk management, so as to ensure the Group can effectively
                   identify, measure, monitor and control a series of market risks assumed by various businesses.

                   The market risk measurement methods adopted by the Group include duration analysis, foreign
                   exchange exposure analysis, scenario analysis, sensitivity analysis, Value at Risk (VaR) measurement etc.,
                   and the measures taken by the Group to control market risks include, among others, limit management,
                   hedging, reducing risk exposures etc. The Group has established a market risk management system in
                   accordance with the Administrative Measures for Market Risk Management of Commercial Banks (Decree
                   No.15 in the year of 2025 of the National Financial Regulatory Administration). The Group has formulated
                   market risk management policies and procedures applicable to the nature, scale, complexity and risk
                   features of its business and aligned such policies and procedures with its overall business development
                   strategy, management capabilities, capital strength and overall risk level that can be assumed by the
                   Group.

                   The Group updates its market risk appetite and limit management system on a regular basis, further
                   improves the market risk management systems and market risk measurement systems. The Group
                   conducts market risk measurement, monitoring and routine management by using the independent
                   market risk management system. The Group performs daily valuation of trading book positions,
                   continuously monitors non-stop-loss limits and stop-loss limits, and regularly evaluates market risks
                   through stress testing and other methods.
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025         295




                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                  (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
2     Market Risk (continued)
(1)   Interest rate risk
      Interest rate risk in the banking book refers to the risk of losses in the economic value and overall gains
      of the banking book arising from adverse changes in interest rate levels and term structure, mainly
      including gap risk, benchmark risk and optional risk.

      The objective of the Group’s interest rate risk management is to control the interest rate risk of banking
      book within an acceptable and reasonable range and reduce the fluctuation of net interest income of
      banking book as well as economic value thereby maximizing the comprehensive income bank-wide.

      The Group’s interest rate risk management system of banking book consists of the board of directors,
      the board of supervisors, senior management, risk management and internal control committee, asset
      and liability management committee, risk management department, asset and liability management
      department, capital operation center, audit department and other operation and management
      departments at the head office, as well as branches, sub-branches and subsidiaries. Senior management
      is responsible for implementing the interest rate risk management of banking book, establishing the
      framework for interest rate risk management and the system for measurement of interest rate risk of
      banking book, and promoting the effective implementation of relevant systems and policies for interest
      rate risk management of banking book.

      The Group measures and evaluates the interest rate risk of banking book mainly through price resetting
      gap analysis, sensitivity analysis, scenario simulation analysis, stress test etc. During the reporting period,
      the Group paid close attention to macroeconomic environment, monetary policy adjustments, aligned
      with the Group’s strategic direction and business development needs, dynamically adjusting repricing
      gaps, optimizing asset-liability structures, and proactively employing hedging instruments to manage
      interest rate risks. At the balance sheet date, the interest rate risk of banking book of the Group is within
      the target limit and the risk is under control as a whole.

      Due to fluctuations in market interest rates, the Group’s interest margin may increase, or may decrease
      or even incur losses due to unexpected changes. The Group operates its business in accordance with
      the deposit and loan interest rate policies of the People’s Bank of China.
296       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
      2            Market Risk (continued)
      (1)          Interest rate risk (continued)
                   The following tables indicate the financial assets and financial liabilities of the Group at the balance sheet
                   date by the expected next repricing date or by contract expiration date, whichever is earlier.

                                                                                            31 December 2025
                                                                                        After       After       After
                                                              Non-                  1 month 3 months          1 year
                                                           interest      Within    but within but within but within         After
                                                           bearing     1 month     3 months        1 year    5 years     5 years        Total

                   Financial assets
                     Cash and balances with the central
                       bank                                    923      124,781            –           –            –          –     125,704
                     Deposits with banks and other
                       financial institutions                  105       55,531       14,414       3,500           17         16      73,583
                     Placements with banks and other
                       financial institutions                   53        4,949         174          676         100           –       5,952
                     Derivative financial assets            27,551            –           –            –           –           –      27,551
                     Financial assets purchased under
                       resale agreements                        44       90,555           –            –           –           –       90,599
                     Loans and advances to customers         9,222      536,450     185,870      758,099     325,768      67,828    1,883,237
                     Financial investments
                       – measured at FVTPL                 140,703       18,465        4,335      28,933      28,715       8,644     229,795
                       – measured at AC                      7,600       23,502       20,144      55,768     196,043     151,794     454,851
                       – measured at FVOCI                   5,622        3,114        6,846      40,312     206,660     104,307     366,861
                     Other financial assets                  8,427        1,995        9,851      28,074      21,856       2,353      72,556

                   Total financial assets                  200,250      859,342     241,634      915,362     779,159     334,942    3,330,689

                   Financial liabilities
                     Due to the central bank                   (294)    (41,578)     (25,478)    (34,856)           –          –     (102,206)
                     Deposits from banks and other
                       financial institutions                (1,386)   (103,909)     (56,154)   (182,925)           –          –     (344,374)
                     Placements from banks and other
                       financial institutions                  (536)    (27,110)     (19,335)    (69,367)        (904)      (207)    (117,459)
                     Financial liabilities at fair value
                       through profit or loss               (42,204)    (13,307)           –        (449)           –          –      (55,960)
                     Derivative financial liabilities       (20,769)          –            –           –            –          –      (20,769)
                     Financial assets sold under
                       repurchase agreements                     (7)    (53,202)           –           –            –          –    (53,209)
                     Customer deposits                      (37,454)   (736,467)    (217,614)   (579,273)    (472,658)         – (2,043,466)
                     Debt securities issued                  (2,679)    (35,912)     (38,760)   (285,602)    (120,000)   (30,000) (512,953)
                     Lease liabilities                            –         (94)        (127)       (535)      (1,547)      (388)    (2,691)
                     Other financial liabilities            (10,457)        (59)        (258)        (38)           –          –    (10,812)

                   Total financial liabilities             (115,786) (1,011,638)    (357,726) (1,153,045)    (595,109)   (30,595) (3,263,899)

                   Interest rate exposure                   84,464     (152,296)    (116,092)   (237,683)    184,050     304,347      66,790
                                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025         297




                                              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                                      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
2     Market Risk (continued)
(1)   Interest rate risk (continued)
                                                                                     31 December 2024
                                                                                After         After      After
                                                   Non-                     1 month       3 months     1 year
                                                interest       Within      but within but within but within                 After
                                                bearing      1 month       3 months          1 year   5 years            5 years         Total


      Financial assets
        Cash and balances with the central
          bank                                    1,051      128,640                –            –                –            –      129,691
        Deposits with banks and other
          financial institutions                      91       45,010         6,374           444                 –            –       51,919
        Placements with banks and other
          financial institutions                    27         14,747           930         1,562              100             –       17,366
        Derivative financial assets             41,692              –             –             –                –             –       41,692
        Financial assets purchased under
          resale agreements                          22       65,039          1,948        1,398                 –            –        68,407
        Loans and advances to customers           8,495      430,000        195,706      703,634           368,002      106,847     1,812,684
        Financial investments
          – measured at FVTPL                  180,591            416         4,085        13,439           12,069       18,273       228,873
          – measured at AC                       6,713          9,535        17,858        84,849          185,349      164,855       469,159
          – measured at FVOCI                    4,332          1,812        16,042        91,886          152,833       90,514       357,419
        Other financial assets                   7,293          4,762         5,971        26,956           21,146        1,813        67,941


      Total financial assets                   250,307       699,961        248,914      924,168           739,499      382,302     3,245,151


      Financial liabilities
        Due to the central bank                    (271)       (6,430)      (29,533)      (41,587)                –            –      (77,821)
        Deposits from banks and other
          financial institutions                 (2,003)     (100,908)      (84,966)     (179,063)                –            –     (366,940)
        Placements from banks and other
          financial institutions                   (645)      (23,312)      (16,629)      (52,235)          (3,020)            –      (95,841)
        Financial liabilities at fair value
          through profit or loss                  (5,932)     (15,264)              –            –                –            –      (21,196)
        Derivative financial liabilities        (36,085)            –               –            –                –            –      (36,085)
        Financial assets sold under
          repurchase agreements                       (34)     (33,185)        (1,667)        (401)               –            –     (35,287)
        Customer deposits                       (34,425)     (695,963)     (182,680)     (506,589)        (502,632)            – (1,922,289)
        Debt securities issued                    (2,525)      (12,458)      (88,956)    (283,094)        (124,500)      (30,000)  (541,533)
        Lease liabilities                               –         (101)          (135)        (604)          (1,780)        (511)      (3,131)
        Other financial liabilities             (10,169)            (49)         (782)      (1,038)               –            –     (12,038)


      Total financial liabilities               (92,089)     (887,670)     (405,348) (1,064,611)          (631,932)      (30,511) (3,112,161)


      Interest rate exposure                   158,218       (187,709)     (156,434)     (140,443)         107,567      351,791       132,990
298       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
      2            Market Risk (continued)
      (1)          Interest rate risk (continued)
                   The Group measures the potential effect of change in interest rates on the Group’s net interest income
                   and other comprehensive income by the sensitivity analysis method. The following table sets forth the
                   effect on the Group’s net interest income and other comprehensive income from possible and reasonable
                   interest rate fluctuations with all other variables held constant. The effect on net interest income refers
                   to the effect of certain interest rate changes on the net interest income generated by financial assets
                   and liabilities that are held at the end of the year and whose interest rate are expected to be repriced
                   within one year. The effect on other comprehensive income refers to the effect of certain interest rate
                   changes on the fair value change generated by debt investments measured at FVOCI that are held at the
                   end of the year. The following table sets forth the effect on the Group’s net interest income and other
                   comprehensive income from interest rate fluctuations with other variables held constant (income tax
                   expense included):

                                                                         2025                                   2024
                                                                                        Other                                    Other
                                                              Net interest    comprehensive          Net interest      comprehensive
                                                                   income             income              income               income
                                                              (Decrease)/        (Decrease)/         (Decrease)/          (Decrease)/
                                                                 Increase           Increase            Increase             Increase


                   Changes in interest rate
                     Increase by 25 basis points                      (622)            (2,590)              (680)              (2,651)
                     Decrease by 25 basis points                       622              2,610                680                2,679

                   For the purpose of the sensitivity analysis, the Group adopts the following assumptions in determining
                   commercial conditions and financial parameters:

                   (i)          the analysis is based on the static gap at the balance sheet date, regardless of subsequent
                                changes;

                   (ii)         all assets and liabilities that are repriced or due within one year are assumed to be repriced or
                                due at the beginning of the respective periods;

                   (iii)        same fluctuations in interest rates of different interest-bearing assets and interest-bearing
                                liabilities are the same;

                   (iv)         yield curves move in parallel with change in interest rates;

                   (v)          there are no other changes in the assets or liabilities portfolio;

                   (vi)         no consideration of impact on customer behavior, market price and off-balance sheet business
                                resulting from interest rate changes; and

                   (vii)        no consideration of actions taken by the Group in response to interest rate changes.

                   Therefore, the actual results on net interest income and other comprehensive income due to the increase
                   or decrease in interest rates may differ from the analysis based on such assumptions.
                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025         299




                                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                                   (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
2     Market Risk (continued)
(2)   Foreign exchange risk
      The Group’s business mainly operates in China and settles in RMB. The tables below show the Group’s
      exposure to currency risk at the balance sheet date with the book values of various financial assets and
      liabilities converted into RMB.

                                                                                      31 December 2025
                                                                              USD                 HKD
                                                                             (RMB                (RMB            Others
                                                               RMB      equivalent)         equivalent) (RMB equivalent)              Total

      Financial assets
        Cash and balances with the central bank             117,638          7,763                 55                248           125,704
        Deposits with banks and other financial
          institutions                                       66,969          4,938                313              1,363            73,583
        Placement with banks and other financial
          institutions                                          888          5,064                  –                  –             5,952
        Derivative financial assets                          22,717          4,703                114                 17            27,551
        Financial assets purchased under resale
        agreements                                           90,599              –                  –                  –             90,599
        Loans and advances to customers                   1,844,694         14,319             10,464             13,760          1,883,237
        Financial investments
          – measured at FVTPL                               228,744          1,051                  –                  –           229,795
          – measured at AC                                  442,550         11,836                  –                465           454,851
          – measured at FVOCI                               284,118         62,100              1,964             18,679           366,861
        Other financial assets                               68,441          3,525                140                450            72,556

        Total financial assets                            3,167,358        115,299             13,050             34,982          3,330,689

      Financial liabilities
        Due to the central bank                            (102,206)             –                   –                 –           (102,206)
        Deposits from banks and other financial
          institutions                                     (318,462)       (10,433)             (4,828)          (10,651)          (344,374)
        Placements from banks and other financial
          institutions                                     (103,942)       (13,337)              (180)                 –           (117,459)
        Financial liabilities at fair value through
          profit or loss                                     (55,960)            –                   –                 –            (55,960)
        Derivative financial liabilities                     (16,411)       (4,237)                (99)              (22)           (20,769)
        Financial assets sold under repurchase
          agreements                                         (53,066)         (143)                  –                 –            (53,209)
        Customer deposits                                 (1,915,353)     (100,543)             (1,853)          (25,717)        (2,043,466)
        Debt securities issued                              (512,953)            –                   –                 –           (512,953)
        Lease liabilities                                     (2,683)            –                  (8)                –             (2,691)
        Other financial liabilities                          (10,664)         (128)                (12)               (8)           (10,812)

        Total financial liabilities                       (3,091,700)     (128,821)             (6,980)          (36,398)        (3,263,899)

      Net amount                                             75,658        (13,522)             6,070             (1,416)           66,790

      Credit commitments and financial guarantee            804,826         16,160              1,396              9,427           831,809
300       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
      2            Market Risk (continued)
      (2)          Foreign exchange risk (continued)
                                                                                                   31 December 2024
                                                                                         USD                   HKD
                                                                                        (RMB                  (RMB            Others
                                                                         RMB       equivalent)           equivalent) (RMB equivalent)           Total


                   Financial assets
                     Cash and balances with the central bank         120,573            9,047                     38               33       129,691
                     Deposits with banks and other financial
                       institutions                                    43,943           5,671                   339             1,966         51,919
                     Placement with banks and other financial
                       institutions                                    14,118           3,248                     –                  –        17,366
                     Derivative financial assets                       35,609           5,836                   243                  4        41,692
                     Financial assets purchased under resale
                       agreements                                     68,407               –                     –                 –         68,407
                     Loans and advances to customers               1,756,212          27,520                13,541            15,411      1,812,684
                     Financial investments
                       – measured at FVTPL                           226,246           2,627                      –                 –       228,873
                       – measured at AC                              441,599          26,324                      –             1,236       469,159
                       – measured at FVOCI                           300,321          52,029                    455             4,614       357,419
                     Other financial assets                           65,103           2,791                     31                16        67,941


                     Total financial assets                        3,072,131         135,093                14,647            23,280      3,245,151


                   Financial liabilities
                     Due to the central bank                          (77,821)                –                    –                 –       (77,821)
                     Deposits from banks and other financial
                       institutions                                  (334,619)        (26,885)               (3,141)           (2,295)      (366,940)
                     Placements from banks and other financial
                       institutions                                   (77,260)        (18,538)                     –              (43)       (95,841)
                     Financial liabilities at fair value through
                       profit or loss                                 (21,196)              –                      –                –        (21,196)
                     Derivative financial liabilities                 (31,677)         (4,283)                     –             (125)       (36,085)
                     Financial assets sold under repurchase
                       agreements                                      (29,736)         (5,551)                     –                –        (35,287)
                     Customer deposits                             (1,808,040)        (88,787)               (1,698)          (23,764)    (1,922,289)
                     Debt securities issued                          (541,533)                –                     –                –      (541,533)
                     Lease liabilities                                   (3,102)              –                  (29)                –          (3,131)
                     Other financial liabilities                       (11,972)             (56)                   (6)              (4)       (12,038)


                     Total financial liabilities                   (2,936,956)      (144,100)                (4,874)          (26,231)    (3,112,161)


                   Net amount                                        135,175           (9,007)               9,773             (2,951)      132,990


                   Credit commitments and financial guarantee        796,207          24,949                 2,783            11,750        835,689
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025         301




                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
2     Market Risk (continued)
(2)   Foreign exchange risk (continued)
      The Group measures the potential effect of changes in foreign exchange rates on the Group’s net profit
      and equity by the sensitivity analysis method. The following table sets forth the effect on the Group’s
      net profit and equity from possible foreign exchange rate fluctuations with other variables held constant
      (income tax expense included):

                                                                         Sensitivity of net profit and equity
                                                                           31 December             31 December
                                                                                     2025                  2024
                                                                             (Decrease)/             (Decrease)/
                                                                                Increase                Increase


      Changes in USD exchange rate
      Appreciation against RMB by 100 bps                                             (101)                         (68)
      Depreciation against RMB by 100 bps                                              101                           68

      Changes in HKD exchange rate
      Appreciation against RMB by 100 bps                                              (14)                         (31)
      Depreciation against RMB by 100 bps                                               14                           31

      The sensitivity analysis is based on the following assumptions:

      (i)       the analysis is based on the static gap at the balance sheet date, regardless of subsequent
                changes;

      (ii)      the foreign exchange rate sensitivity is the gains or losses recognized as a result of a 100-basis
                point fluctuation in the absolute value of foreign exchange rates against the closing price
                (middle price) of RMB at the balance sheet date;

      (iii)     the fluctuation of exchange rates by 100 basis points at the balance sheet date is based on
                the assumption of exchange rates movement over the next 12 months;

      (iv)      when calculating the foreign exchange exposure, spot and forward from foreign exchange
                exposure and swaps are included;

      (v)       other variables (including interest rates) remain unchanged;

      (vi)      no consideration of impact on customers’ behavior and market price resulting from exchange
                rate changes; and

      (vii)     the assets and liabilities have a static exchange rate risk structure and no consideration is
                given to the measures that the Group may take to eliminate the adverse impact of foreign
                exchange exposure on net profit and equity.

      Therefore, the actual results of net profit and equity due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates
      may differ from the analysis based on such assumptions.
302       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
      3            Liquidity Risk
                   Liquidity risk refers to the risk of failure to obtain adequate funds in time at reasonable costs to repay
                   debts when they are due, perform other payment obligations and meet other capital needs in the ordinary
                   course of business. Factors affecting liquidity risks are divided into external factors and internal factors.
                   External factors include domestic and foreign financial situation, macroeconomic regulation policies,
                   depth and width of developments of financial markets and the competition status of the banking industry.
                   Internal factors include maturities of assets and liabilities, business structures, stability of deposits, and
                   market financing capacity and various unexpected events, etc.

                   The objective of the Group’s liquidity management is to ensure that the Group’s liquidity needs can be
                   met in a timely manner and at a reasonable cost thereby controlling the liquidity risk within an acceptable
                   and reasonable range.

                   The Group’s liquidity risk management system consists of the board of directors, the board of
                   supervisors, senior management, risk management and internal control committee, asset and liability
                   management committee, risk management department, asset and liability management department,
                   capital operation center, audit department, other operation and management departments of the head
                   office, as well as branches, subbranches and subsidiaries. Senior management is responsible for
                   implementing and organizing the liquidity risk management as well as the formulation and implementation
                   of relevant systems and policies for liquidity risk management.

                   The Group manages the liquidity risk in a centralized manner. By establishing a scientific and completed
                   liquidity risk management system, the Group can effectively identify, measure, monitor, control and report
                   its liquidity risk. The Group strengthens its liquidity risk management ability by continuously improving
                   the perspectiveness and initiative of liquidity risk management. Specific measures for liquidity risk
                   management include: paying close attention to both domestic and foreign macroeconomic situations and
                   market liquidity changes, as well as adjusting the asset and liability management strategies in a timely
                   manner; strengthening debt management, making flexible use of active debt instruments, broadening
                   long-term sources of fund, and continuously increasing the proportion of stable liabilities; promoting
                   the construction of diversified of financing channels and actively expanding financing channels while
                   maintaining good relationships with major financing counterparties; strengthening the management
                   of high-quality liquid assets, ensuring the fitness of the retention scale of high-quality liquid assets
                   and the potential financing needs to enhance the liquidity risk mitigation capability; strengthening the
                   early-warning monitoring and management of liquidity, optimizing the emergency response program for
                   liquidity risk and conducting emergency drills on a regular basis; conducting stress tests for liquidity risk
                   on a quarterly basis, identifying weak points in respect of the Group’s liquidity risk management based
                   on results of such tests, adjusting liquidity risk management strategies if necessary, and modifying the
                   liquidity risk management measures in a timely manner to improve liquidity risk management mechanism.
                   The results of stress tests indicate that under various stress scenarios, the liquidity risk of the Group is
                   within a controllable range.
                                                                                                                              Annual Report 2025       303




                                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                                         (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
3     Liquidity Risk (continued)
(1)   Analysis of contractual undiscounted cash flows of non derivative financial assets and financial
      liabilities
      The tables below present the contractual undiscounted cash flows of non-derivative financial assets and
      financial liabilities by remaining contractual maturities from the balance sheet date to the contractual
      maturity date. The amounts disclosed in the table are contractual undiscounted cash flows:

                                                                                        31 December 2025
                                                                                           After      After      After
                                                                       On              1 month 3 months         1 year
                                                                 demand/       Within but within but within but within            After
                                                      Overdue   indefinite   1 month 3 months        1 year   5 years          5 years        Total

      Financial assets
        Cash and balances with the central bank             –    125,704            –           –           –            –           –     125,704
        Deposits with banks and other financial
          institutions                                      –     50,279        5,273     14,500        3,562           19          19      73,652
        Placements with banks and other
          financial institutions                            –           –        109           18         887        5,555           –        6,569
        Financial assets purchased under resale
          agreements                                        –           –     90,617           –            –           –            –       90,617
        Loans and advances to customers                11,575           –    121,646     181,593      780,110     517,395      388,785    2,001,104
        Financial investments
          – measured at FVTPL                               2    140,702      18,473       2,935       23,814      37,932        9,271     233,129
          – measured at AC                             19,885          –       4,160      21,230       57,357     224,647      183,000     510,279
          – measured at FVOCI                               –      1,464       2,249       5,759       36,915     241,908      124,916     413,211
        Other financial assets                          1,805      6,993       2,454       4,386       18,420      39,937        5,109      79,104

      Total financial assets                           33,267    325,142     244,981     230,421      921,065    1,067,393     711,100    3,533,369

      Financial liabilities
        Due to the central bank                             –           –     (41,596)    (25,720)    (35,381)           –           –     (102,697)
        Deposits from banks and other financial
          institutions                                      –     (88,508)    (15,597)    (56,785)   (185,509)           –           –     (346,399)
        Placements from banks and other
          financial institutions                            –     (12,007)    (28,082)    (19,921)    (64,392)      (1,069)       (208)    (125,679)
        Financial liabilities at fair value through
          profit or loss                                    –     (42,204)    (13,307)          –        (449)           –           –      (55,960)
        Financial assets sold under repurchase
          agreements                                        –          –      (53,212)          –           –            –           –    (53,212)
        Customer deposits                                   –   (578,633)    (172,310)   (230,648)   (604,875)    (489,898)          – (2,076,364)
        Debt securities issued                              –          –      (36,200)    (39,914)   (291,666)    (128,555)    (33,132) (529,467)
        Lease liabilities                                   –          –          (94)       (128)       (549)      (1,710)       (471)    (2,952)
        Other financial liabilities                         –    (10,289)         (66)       (271)       (186)           –           –    (10,812)

      Total financial liabilities                           –   (731,641)    (360,464)   (373,387) (1,183,007)    (621,232)    (33,811) (3,303,542)

      Net amount                                       33,267   (406,499)    (115,483)   (142,966)   (261,942)    446,161      677,289     229,827
304       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
      3            Liquidity Risk (continued)
      (1)          Analysis of contractual undiscounted cash flows of non derivative financial assets and financial
                   liabilities (continued)
                                                                                                          31 December 2024
                                                                                                             After      After           After
                                                                                    On                   1 month 3 months             1 year
                                                                             demand/        Within      but within but within      but within      After
                                                                   Overdue   indefinite   1 month       3 months       1 year        5 years    5 years        Total


                   Financial assets
                     Cash and balances with the central bank             –   129,691               –             –            –            –          –     129,691
                     Deposits with banks and other financial
                       institutions                                      –     36,559        8,496         6,424           463             –          –      51,942
                     Placements with banks and other
                       financial institutions                            –           –      14,758           950         1,593           107          –      17,408
                     Financial assets purchased under resale
                       agreements                                        –           –     65,069          1,955        1,405             –           –       68,429
                     Loans and advances to customers                15,380           –    117,138        208,974      718,290       508,877     379,201    1,947,860
                     Financial investments
                       – measured at FVTPL                               9   180,592           517         4,298        14,002       15,418      18,543     233,379
                       – measured at AC                             23,098         –         9,662        20,803        95,693      215,294     151,156     515,706
                       – measured at FVOCI                              12     1,420         2,739        17,566        99,684      170,577      91,051     383,049
                     Other financial assets                          1,261     6,845         2,583         4,615        18,571       36,383       3,819      74,077


                   Total financial assets                           39,760   355,107      220,962        265,585      949,701       946,656     643,770    3,421,541


                   Financial liabilities
                     Due to the central bank                             –           –      (6,484)      (29,745)      (42,154)            –          –      (78,383)
                     Deposits from banks and other financial
                       institutions                                      –    (78,054)     (23,226)      (86,134)     (182,399)            –          –     (369,813)
                     Placements from banks and other
                       financial institutions                            –           –     (23,568)      (16,957)      (53,399)       (3,210)         –      (97,134)
                     Financial liabilities at fair value through
                       profit or loss                                    –     (5,932)     (15,264)              –            –            –          –      (21,196)
                     Financial assets sold under repurchase
                       agreements                                        –           –      (33,221)        (1,681)        (416)           –          –     (35,318)
                     Customer deposits                                   –   (573,638)    (136,921)     (194,398)     (531,387)    (524,280)          – (1,960,624)
                     Debt securities issued                              –           –      (12,565)      (90,385)    (289,765)    (134,178)    (34,176) (561,069)
                     Lease liabilities                                   –           –         (101)          (136)        (623)      (1,982)      (637)      (3,479)
                     Other financial liabilities                         –     (10,140)          (49)         (783)      (1,066)           –          –     (12,038)


                   Total financial liabilities                           –   (667,764)    (251,399)     (420,219) (1,101,209)      (663,650)    (34,813) (3,139,054)


                   Net amount                                       39,760   (312,657)     (30,437)     (154,634)     (151,508)     283,006     608,957     282,487
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025         305




                                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                 (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
3     Liquidity Risk (continued)
(2)   Analysis of cash flows of derivative financial instruments
      The Group’s derivative financial instruments are either settled on a net basis or a gross basis.

      The Group’s derivatives settled on a net basis mainly include interest rate derivatives. The table below
      analyzes the contractual undiscounted cash flows of the Group’s derivative financial instruments settled
      on a net basis by remaining contractual maturities from the balance sheet date to the contractual
      maturity date.

                                                          31 December 2025
                                                After         After      After
                                            1 month      3 months       1 year
                               Within      but within    but within but within                 After
                             1 month       3 months          1 year   5 years               5 years               Total


      Cash inflow/
        (outflow)               4,344           (190)           925           (122)                 –            4,957

                                                           31 December 2024
                                                After          After       After
                                            1 month       3 months       1 year
                                Within     but within     but within but within                After
                              1 month      3 months          1 year     5 years             5 years               Total


      Cash inflow/
        (outflow)                 849            779          3,009            (83)               (68)           4,486
306       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
      3            Liquidity Risk (continued)
      (2)          Analysis of cash flows of derivative financial instruments (continued)
                   The Group’s derivative settled on a gross basis mainly include foreign exchange derivatives. The
                   following table analyzes the contractual undiscounted cash flows of the Group’s derivative financial
                   instruments settled on a gross basis by remaining contractual maturities from the balance sheet date to
                   the contractual maturity date:

                                                                             31 December 2025
                                                                    After        After      After
                                                                1 month     3 months       1 year
                                                     Within    but within   but within but within        After
                                                   1 month     3 months         1 year   5 years      5 years       Total


                   Cash outflow                    (187,141)    (106,197)    (308,643)    (13,221)         (6)   (615,208)
                   Cash inflow                      187,253      106,431      309,226      13,261           9     616,180


                   Net inflow                          112           234         583           40           3        972

                                                                             31 December 2024
                                                                    After        After       After
                                                                1 month     3 months       1 year
                                                     Within    but within   but within but within        After
                                                   1 month     3 months        1 year     5 years     5 years       Total


                   Cash outflow                    (165,742)    (114,132)    (419,612)      (6,743)      (335)   (706,564)
                   Cash inflow                      167,963      114,953      419,336        6,738        424     709,414


                   Net inflow/
                     (outflow)                        2,221          821         (276)          (5)        89       2,850
                                                                                                Annual Report 2025         307




                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                              (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
3     Liquidity Risk (continued)
(3)   Liquidity risk analysis of off-balance sheet items
      The Group’s off-balance sheet items include bank acceptances, letters of credit, letters of guarantee,
      undrawn credit card limit, corporate loan commitments and finance lease commitments, receivables
      confirmation and other financial guarantee contracts. The table below shows the liquidity analysis of the
      Group’s off-balance sheet items:

                                                               31 December 2025
                                                     After        After      After
                                                 1 month     3 months       1 year
                                       Within   but within   but within but within            After
                                     1 month    3 months         1 year   5 years          5 years             Total


      Bank acceptances issued        100,777      120,660     184,071             –                –       405,508
      Letters of credit issued       192,396       29,391      57,219            34                –       279,040
      Letters of guarantee issued      4,289        6,428      21,599        10,771               39        43,126
      Undrawn credit card facility    19,634            –           –             –                –        19,634
      Loan commitments and
        finance lease
        commitments                    2,741          194          663        1,219             721            5,538
      Receivables confirmation
        and other financial
        guarantee contracts           11,145       13,974       47,703        6,141                –         78,963


      Total                          330,982      170,647     311,255        18,165             760        831,809

                                                              31 December 2024
                                                     After        After      After
                                                 1 month     3 months      1 year
                                       Within   but within   but within but within             After
                                     1 month    3 months        1 year    5 years           5 years             Total


      Bank acceptances issued         70,357      115,250     200,304             –                –       385,911
      Letters of credit issued       189,249       28,471      58,314           101                –       276,135
      Letters of guarantee issued      4,437        9,310      26,648        12,336               50        52,781
      Undrawn credit card facility    17,912            –           –             –                –        17,912
      Loan commitments and
        finance lease
        commitments                      848           34          462        1,156             116            2,616
      Receivables confirmation
        and other financial
        guarantee contracts           12,929       22,608       57,791        6,926               80       100,334


      Total                          295,732      175,673     343,519        20,519             246        835,689
308     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      XIV          Capital Management
                   The core of the Group’s capital management is capital adequacy ratio and return on capital. The
                   objective of capital management is to meet external regulatory requirements and shareholders’ return,
                   protect the interests of creditors to the best effort, stimulate expansion of assets and improve risk
                   management.The Group prudently determines the objective of capital adequacy ratio which meets the
                   regulatory requirements and coincides with its own risk exposure. By taking a variety of actions such as
                   limit management, the Group ensures the realization of the management objectives.

                   The Group’s business has maintained stable growth in recent years and the assets have become
                   increasingly capital intensive. On 13 February 2026, the People’s Bank of China and the National
                   Financial Regulatory Administration jointly released the list of Domestic Systemically Important Banks
                   (“D-SIBs”), designating the Group as a Domestic Systemically Important Bank Therefore, the Group is
                   furtherly required to meet additional requirements, including the capital surcharge and the additional
                   leverage ratio requirements. In order to ensure that the capital adequacy ratio meets the regulatory
                   requirements and to maximize the returns to shareholders with the risks under control, the Group has
                   actively expanded the capital replenishment channels from external sources, while continuing to improve
                   the self-generating function in operations, so as to replenish capital from internal sources.

                   At 31 December 2025, the Group has calculated and disclosed capital adequacy ratio in accordance
                   with the Administrative Measures for Capital of Commercial Banks (Decree No.4 in the year of 2023 of
                   the National Financial Regulatory Administration), with credit risk-weighted assets measured using the
                   risk-weighted approach, market risk-weighted assets and operational risk-weighted assets measured
                   using the standardized approach.

                  At 31 December 2025, the Group’s core tier-one capital adequacy ratio, tier-one capital adequacy
                  ratio, and capital adequacy ratio all met the requirements of the Administrative Measures for Capital of
                  Commercial Banks and other relevant regulations. For more information on capital, please refer to the
                  2025 Pillar 3 Information Disclosure Report disclosed on the Bank’s website.
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025        309




                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                   (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


XV    Fair Value of Financial Instruments
1     Fair Values of Financial Assets and Liabilities
(1)   Fair value hierarchy
      The level in which fair value measurement is categorized is determined by the level of the fair value
      hierarchy of the lowest level input that is significant to the entire fair value measurement. The levels are
      defined as follows:

      Level 1 inputs: unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are observable at the measurement date
      for identical assets or liabilities;

      Level 2 inputs: inputs other than Level 1 inputs that are either directly or indirectly observable for
      underlying assets or liabilities; and

      Level 3 inputs: inputs that are unobservable for underlying assets or liabilities.

      The tables below analyzes financial instruments, measured at fair value at the balance sheet date, by the
      level in the fair value hierarchy into which the fair value measurement is categorized:

                                                                  31 December 2025
                                                  Level 1          Level 2        Level 3
                                                fair value       fair value     fair value
                                             measurement      measurement   measurement                             Total


      Derivative financial assets                        –            27,551                      –               27,551
      Loans and advances to
        customers                                        –          305,369                 2,036               307,405
      Financial investments
        – measured at FVTPL                        51,374           175,655                 2,766               229,795
        – measured at AC designated
            as hedged items in fair
            value hedge                                  –            4,870                     –                 4,870
        – measured at FVOCI                              –          365,397                 1,464               366,861


      Total assets measured at fair
        value on a recurring basis                 51,374           878,842                 6,266               936,482



      Placements from banks and
        other financial institutions                     –           (24,116)                     –              (24,116)
      Financial liabilities at fair value
        through profit or loss                      (1,619)          (54,341)                     –              (55,960)
      Derivative financial liabilities                   –           (20,769)                     –              (20,769)


      Total liabilities measured at
        fair value on a recurring basis             (1,619)          (99,226)                     –            (100,845)
310       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      XV           Fair Value of Financial Instruments (continued)
      1            Fair Values of Financial Assets and Liabilities (continued)
      (1)          Fair value hierarchy (continued)
                                                                               31 December 2024
                                                              Level 1           Level 2        Level 3
                                                            fair value        fair value     fair value
                                                         measurement       measurement   measurement                      Total


                   Derivative financial assets                       –            41,692                   –            41,692
                   Loans and advances to
                     customers                                       –           313,509             11,474           324,983
                   Financial investments
                     – measured at FVTPL                       71,905            151,835              5,133           228,873
                     – measured at AC designated
                         as hedged items in fair
                         value hedge                                 –             5,036                  –             5,036
                     – measured at FVOCI                             –           355,999              1,420           357,419


                   Total assets measured at fair
                     value on a recurring basis                71,905            868,071             18,027           958,003


                   Placements from banks and
                     other financial institutions                    –           (22,578)                  –           (22,578)
                   Financial liabilities at fair value
                     through profit or loss                       (572)          (20,624)                  –           (21,196)
                   Derivative financial liabilities                  –           (36,085)                  –           (36,085)


                   Total liabilities measured at
                     fair value on a recurring basis              (572)          (79,287)                  –           (79,859)


      (2)          Level 1 fair value measurement
                   For financial instruments with unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are observable for identical
                   assets or liabilities, the Group takes the unadjusted quoted price as the best evidence of fair value when
                   determining the fair value of financial instruments. So as to determine its fair value, and divide it into the
                   first level measured by fair value. The financial instruments defined as level 1 by the Group mainly include
                   open-end funds, open-end wealth management products and unrestricted equity investments in listed
                   companies.
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025         311




                                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                     (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


XV    Fair Value of Financial Instruments (continued)
1     Fair Values of Financial Assets and Liabilities (continued)
(3)   Level 2 fair value measurement
      If the main parameters used in the valuation are observable and available from the active open market,
      the relevant financial instruments are defined as level 2 fair value measurement. The Group’s level 2
      financial instruments mainly include bond and ABS investments, term-ended funds, discounted bills,
      trade finance, restricted equity investments in listed companies, lease-in of precious metals in account
      caption of placements from banks and other financial institutions, financial liabilities related to precious
      metals in account caption of financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss, interest rate derivatives,
      foreign exchange derivatives, precious metal and other derivatives.

      For the fair value of RMB bond and ABS investments measured at FVTPL and FVOCI, the Group
      adopts the valuation results issued by China Central Depository & Clearing Co., Ltd. or China Securities
      Depository and Clearing Co., Ltd. according to the bond market. For the fair value of foreign currency
      bonds, the Group adopts Bloomberg results. For the fair value of precious metal related liabilities, the
      Group adopts the valuation results issued by Shanghai Gold Exchange. For discounted bills, trade
      finance and RMB bonds designated as hedged items of fair value hedge, the Group adopts discounted
      cash flow model for valuation which based on SHIBOR and yield curves issued by Shanghai Commercial
      Paper Exchange Co., and China Central Depository & Clearing Co., the Group constructs the interest
      rate curve by five-category loan classification and product type. For restricted equity investments in listed
      companies, liquidity discounts is considered based on the closing price.

      For non-derivative financial instruments and some derivative financial instruments including forwards and
      swaps of precious metal and foreign exchange and interest rate swaps, etc. that could not be quoted
      from the active market, the Group adopts discounted cash flow analysis. The main parameters used
      include the recent transaction price, relevant yield curve, exchange rate and counterparty risk. For the
      valuation of option derivatives, the Group adopts Black-Scholes model with main parameters of relevant
      yield curve, exchange rate, volatility, and counterparty risk.

      The fair value of shares held by other parties rather than the Group and liabilities of consolidated
      structured entities is measured based on the net asset values of the funds, determined with reference to
      observable (quoted) prices of underlying investment portfolio and adjustments of related expenses.
312       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      XV           Fair Value of Financial Instruments (continued)
      1            Fair Values of Financial Assets and Liabilities (continued)
      (4)          Level 3 fair value measurement
                   The Group has developed relevant procedures to determine the appropriate valuation techniques and
                   inputs for level 3 fair value measurement on a recurring basis, and regularly reviews the appropriateness
                   of the relevant procedures and determination of the fair value. Quantitative information of level 3 fair value
                   measurement is as follows:

                                                                      Fair value at
                                                                     31 December      Valuation              Unobservable
                                                                              2025    technique              inputs


                   Financial investments measured at FVTPL
                     – Trust schemes and asset management                       71    Discounted cash        Risk-adjusted
                         plans                                                          flow method            discount rate
                     – Trust schemes and asset management                    1,406    Net assets analysis    Net assets, Liquidity
                         plans                                                                                 discount
                     – Bonds and assets-backed securities                    1,044    Discounted cash        Risk-adjusted
                                                                                        flow method            discount rate
                     – Equity investments                                      195    Net assets analysis    Net assets
                     – Equity investments                                       50    Market multiplier      Liquidity discount
                                                                                        method
                   Financial investments measured at FVOCI
                     – Equity investments                                    1,464    Net assets analysis    Net assets, Liquidity
                                                                                                               discount
                     – Loans and advances to customers                       2,036    Discounted cash        Risk-adjusted
                                                                                        flow method            discount rate

                                                                      Fair value at
                                                                     31 December      Valuation              Unobservable
                                                                              2024    technique              inputs


                   Financial investments measured at FVTPL
                     – Trust schemes and asset management                      393    Discounted cash flow   Risk-adjusted
                         plans                                                          method                 discount rate
                     – Trust schemes and asset management                    1,423    Net assets analysis    Net assets, Liquidity
                         plans                                                                                 discount
                     – Bonds and assets-backed securities                    1,735    Discounted cash flow   Risk-adjusted
                                                                                        method                 discount rate
                     – Equity investments                                      981    Net assets analysis    Net assets
                     – Equity investments                                      601    Market multiplier      Liquidity discount
                                                                                        method
                   Financial investments measured at FVOCI
                     – Equity investments                                    1,420    Net assets analysis    Net assets, Liquidity
                                                                                                               discount
                     – Loans and advances to customers                      11,474    Discounted cash flow   Risk-adjusted
                                                                                        method                 discount rate
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025         313




                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                    (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


XV    Fair Value of Financial Instruments (continued)
1     Fair Values of Financial Assets and Liabilities (continued)
(4)   Level 3 fair value measurement (continued)
      At the balance sheet date, replacing the original unobservable assumptions with other reasonable
      unobservable assumptions has no significant impact on the measurement results of fair value. The above
      assumptions and methods provide a unified basis for the calculation of the fair value of the Group’s
      assets and liabilities. However, due to the different methods and assumptions that may be used by other
      institutions, the fair values disclosed by different financial institutions may not be completely comparable.

      Reconciliation of the opening and closing balance for financial assets of level 3 fair value on a recurring
      basis is as follows:

                                                       Financial       Financial
                                                    investments     investments          Loans and
                                                    measured at     measured at         advances to
                                                          FVTPL           FVOCI          customers                   Total


      At 1 January 2025                                   5,133            1,420               11,474               18,027
      Total gains recognized in profit or loss             (581)               6                  490                  (85)
      Total gains recognized in other
        comprehensive income                                   –              44                  (314)               (270)
      Increase                                                45               –                     –                  45
      Disposals and settlements                           (1,831)             (6)               (9,614)            (11,451)


      At 31 December 2025                                 2,766            1,464                2,036                6,266


      Total unrealised gains and losses included
        in the consolidated statement of profit
        or loss for assets held at the end of the
        reporting period                                    (607)              –                   142                (465)
314       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      XV           Fair Value of Financial Instruments (continued)
      1            Fair Values of Financial Assets and Liabilities (continued)
      (4)          Level 3 fair value measurement (continued)
                                                                    Financial      Financial
                                                                 investments    investments     Loans and
                                                                 measured at    measured at    advances to
                                                                      FVTPL           FVOCI     customers           Total


                   At 1 January 2024                                   6,299          1,344        17,924         25,567
                   Total gains recognized in profit or loss             (344)             6         1,030            692
                   Total gains recognized in other
                     comprehensive income                                  –             76           (363)          (287)
                   Increase                                              581              –              –            581
                   Disposals and settlements                          (1,403)            (6)        (7,117)        (8,526)


                   At 31 December 2024                                 5,133          1,420        11,474         18,027


                   Total unrealised gains and losses included
                     in the consolidated statement of profit
                     or loss for assets held at the end of the
                     reporting period                                   (370)             –           241           (129)


      2            Transfers Between Items Measured at Different Levels of Fair Value
                   During the reporting period, there were no transfers, between Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3, of the
                   Group’s above assets and liabilities which are measured at fair value.

      3            Change in Valuation Techniques and the Rationale
                   During the reporting period, there were no changes in the valuation techniques adopted by the Group for
                   fair value measurement.
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2025         315




                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                               (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


XV   Fair Value of Financial Instruments (continued)
4    Financial Assets and Liabilities not Measured at Fair Value
     All financial instruments of the Group are carried at amounts not materially different from their fair value
     at the balance sheet date except as follows:

                                                                 31 December 2025
                                                                                                           Carrying
                                            Level 1        Level 2        Level 3     Fair Value            amount


     Financial assets
       Financial investments
         measured at AC (excluding
         hedged items)                             –      384,405         70,578         454,983            449,981


     Financial liabilities
       Debt securities issued                      –      515,182               –        515,182            512,953

                                                                  31 December 2024
                                                                                                            Carrying
                                             Level 1       Level 2        Level 3      Fair Value            amount


     Financial assets
       Financial investments
         measured at AC (excluding
         hedged items)                             –      398,131         80,125         478,256            464,123


     Financial liabilities
       Debt securities issued                      –      545,231               –        545,231            541,533

     For the above financial assets and liabilities not measured at fair value, the Group used the following
     methods to determine their fair value:

     The fair value of financial investments measured at AC and debt securities issued are quoted in the
     valuation system of relevant registration and settlement institutions that employs observable inputs
     that reflect the market in the formation of quotations. For those quotations not available in relevant
     institutions, the fair value shall be estimated by discounted cash flow method.
316     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      XVI          Subsequent Events
                   Profit Distribution
                   On 30 March 2026, the Board of Directors of the Bank deliberated and approved the 2025 Ordinary
                   Share Dividend Distribution Plan, which will distribute cash dividends to the shareholders of A shares and
                   H shares registered on the share registration date, with a cash dividend of RMB1.31 (including tax) for
                   each 10 ordinary shares, and a total of RMB3,598 million. The plan is yet to be reviewed and approved
                   by the Bank’s shareholders’ meeting.

      XVII Comparative Figures
                   For the purpose of the presentation of the consolidated financial statements, the Group reclassified
                   certain comparative figures.

      XVIII Statements of Financial Position of the Bank
                                                                                           31 December       31 December
                                                                               Note               2025              2024


                   ASSETS
                   Cash and balances with the central bank                                       125,704           129,691
                   Precious metals                                                                80,929            16,956
                   Deposits with banks and other financial institutions                           72,009            51,058
                   Placements with banks and other financial institutions                          5,952            20,368
                   Derivative financial assets                                                    27,551            41,692
                   Financial assets purchased under resale agreements                             87,875            68,334
                   Loans and advances to customers                                             1,883,237         1,812,684
                   Financial investments
                      – Financial assets measured at fair value through
                           profit or loss                                                        263,849           246,190
                      – Financial assets measured at amortised cost                              379,878           406,250
                      – Financial assets measured at fair value through
                           other comprehensive income                                            365,604           357,419
                   Investment in subsidiaries                                 VI.19                4,433             2,040
                   Fixed assets                                                                   18,972            18,882
                   Right-of-use assets                                                             2,667             3,111
                   Intangible assets                                                               2,391             2,291
                   Deferred tax assets                                                            20,775            19,927
                   Other assets                                                                   11,704            12,182


                   TOTAL ASSETS                                                                3,353,530         3,209,075
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025         317




                                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                     (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


XVIII Statements of Financial Position of the Bank (continued)
                                                                                    31 December            31 December
                                                                                           2025                   2024


      LIABILITIES
      Due to the central bank                                                             102,206                 77,821
      Deposits from banks and other financial institutions                                348,311                369,289
      Placements from banks and other financial institutions                               45,097                 38,136
      Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss                           42,137                  4,180
      Derivative financial liabilities                                                     20,769                 36,085
      Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements                                    23,124                  5,552
      Customer deposits                                                                 2,043,466              1,922,289
      Employee benefits payable                                                             5,746                  6,173
      Taxes payable                                                                         1,584                  1,037
      Provisions                                                                              884                  1,094
      Debt securities issued                                                              510,942                539,813
      Lease liabilities                                                                     2,684                  3,135
      Other liabilities                                                                     6,411                  7,521


      TOTAL LIABILITIES                                                                 3,153,361              3,012,125


      EQUITY
      Share capital                                                                          27,464                 27,464
      Other equity instruments                                                               24,995                 24,995
        – Perpetual bonds                                                                    24,995                 24,995
      Capital reserve                                                                        38,570                 38,570
      Other comprehensive income                                                              2,628                  6,344
      Surplus reserve                                                                        15,231                 14,012
      Statutory general reserve                                                              36,936                 34,594
      Retained earnings                                                                      54,345                 50,971


      TOTAL EQUITY                                                                          200,169               196,950


      TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY                                                      3,353,530              3,209,075

      The financial statements were approved by the board of directors on 30 March 2026:

           Chen Haiqiang                 Lyu Linhua                      Jing Feng                  Zhang Jian
             Chairman                 President (Acting)           Principal in-charge of         Director of the
                                                                          Finance              Financial Department
318       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Unaudited Supplementary Financial Information
      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      1            Illustration of Differences between the Consolidated Financial
                   Statements Prepared Under IFRS Accounting Standards and Those
                   Prepared in accordance with PRC GAAP
                   There are no differences between the profit attributable to equity holders of the Bank under IFRS
                   Accounting Standards and PRC GAAP for the year ended 31 December 2025 (for the year ended 31
                   December 2024: no differences). There are no differences between the equity attributable to equity
                   holders of the Bank under IFRS Accounting Standards and PRC GAAP at 31 December 2025 (31
                   December 2024: no differences).

      2            Liquidity Coverage Ratio
                                                                                              31 December         31 December
                                                                                                     2025                2024


                   Liquidity Coverage Ratio                                                        174.01%             322.75%

                   The liquidity coverage ratio is calculated in accordance with the relevant requirements of the National
                   Financial Regulatory Administration.

      3            International Claims
                   The Group is principally engaged in business operations within Chinese Mainland. International claims are
                   local claims in foreign currencies and cross-border claims.

                   International claims include balances with the central bank, due from banks and other financial
                   institutions, loans and advances to customers, financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, financial
                   assets measured at amortised cost and financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive
                   income.
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025         319




                                Unaudited Supplementary Financial Information

                                                                                 (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


3   International Claims (continued)
    International claims are disclosed based on different countries or regions. A country or region is reported
    where it constitutes 10% or more of the aggregate amount of international claims, after taking into
    account any risk transfers. Risk transfer is only made if the claims are guaranteed by a party in a country
    which is different from that of the counterparty or if the claims are on an overseas branch of a bank
    whose head office is located in another country.

                                                                     Official   Non-bank
    At 31 December 2025                                Bank          sector private sector                        Total


    Local claims in foreign currencies                 8,769          12,385               65,341               86,495
    Asia Pacific excluding Chinese Mainland            7,667           5,086               19,761               32,514
      – of which attributed to Hong Kong               3,940           1,007               16,945               21,892
    Europe                                             6,079           6,328                2,419               14,826
    North America                                      2,492          20,084               24,812               47,388
    Oceania                                            1,069           5,120                    –                6,189


    Total                                             26,076          49,003             112,333              187,412

                                                                      Official        Non-bank
    At 31 December 2024                                 Bank          sector      private sector                  Total


    Local claims in foreign currencies                 4,083           9,333               90,011             103,427
    Asia Pacific excluding Chinese Mainland           10,160             741               21,657              32,558
      – of which attributed to Hong Kong               7,610             741               19,847              28,198
    Europe                                             5,157           7,036                  974              13,167
    North America                                      2,958          22,941               23,429              49,328
    Oceania                                              300               –                    –                 300


    Total                                             22,658          40,051             136,071              198,780
320       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Unaudited Supplementary Financial Information

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      4            Currency Concentrations
                                                                                 RMB Equivalent
                                                                    USD           HKD         Others             Total


                   At 31 December 2025
                   Spot assets                                   110,596         12,936          34,756        158,288
                   Spot liabilities                             (124,584)        (6,881)        (36,375)      (167,840)
                   Forward purchases                             688,174              –          56,031        744,205
                   Forward sales                                (707,826)        (7,746)        (52,666)      (768,238)
                   Net options position                           (5,114)          (439)         (1,178)        (6,731)


                   Net (short)/long position                     (38,754)         (2,130)          568         (40,316)

                                                                                 RMB Equivalent
                                                                    USD           HKD          Others             Total


                   At 31 December 2024
                   Spot assets                                   129,257         14,404          23,276        166,937
                   Spot liabilities                             (139,817)        (4,874)        (26,106)      (170,797)
                   Forward purchases                             716,026            730          35,790        752,546
                   Forward sales                                (738,094)        (1,314)        (70,389)      (809,797)
                   Net options position                           (28,266)            –            (182)        (28,448)


                   Net (short)/long position                     (60,894)         8,946         (37,611)       (89,559)


      5            Non-bank Chinese Mainland Exposure
                   The Bank is a commercial bank incorporated in Chinese Mainland with its banking business conducted in
                   Chinese Mainland. At 31 December 2025, the Group’s non-bank exposures are substantially arising from
                   businesses with Chinese Mainland corporates and individuals.
