(A joint-stock company incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)
A Share Stock Code : 601916
H Share Stock Code : 2016




                                         Annual Report 2023
Important Notice
The Board of Directors, the supervisory committee, Directors, Supervisors and Senior
Management of the Company warrant that the contents in this report are true, accurate and
complete and have no false representations, misleading statements or material omissions,
and they will take legal responsibilities for such contents on a joint and several basis.

The twelfth meeting of the sixth session of the Board of the Company held on March 28,
2024, approved the Annual Report of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2023 and its
Summary. The Company has 14 directors, among whom 12 directors attended the meeting
in person, and Mr. Zhang Rongsen appointed Mr. Lu Jianqiang and Ms. Gao Qinhong
appointed Mr. Hu Tiangao as proxies to attend the meeting on their behalf, which was
in compliance with the requirements of the Company Law of the People’s Republic of
China and the Articles of Association of the Company, and 6 Supervisors of the Company
attended the meeting.

KPMG Huazhen LLP and KPMG (both being auditors of the Company) have audited the
2023 annual financial report of the Company prepared in accordance with the China
Accounting Standards and the International Financial Reporting Standards, and have issued
standard unqualified audited reports, respectively.

Unless otherwise illustrated in this report, the currency for any amount herein is RMB.
Certain amounts and percentage numbers in this report have been rounded. Any
discrepancies in any table between totals and sums of the amounts listed are due to
rounding.

The Board of the Company has proposed to declare a cash dividend of RMB1.64 per 10
shares (tax inclusive) for 2023, payable in RMB to holders of A Shares and in HK dollars to
holders of H Shares. The above proposal on dividend distribution is subject to consideration
and approval at the 2023 annual general meeting of the Company.

Lu Jianqiang (陸建強), Chairman of the Board of the Company, Zhang Rongsen (張榮
森), President of the Bank and Principal in charge of Finance and Peng Zhiyuan (彭志遠),
Director of the Financial Department warrant that the financial report in the annual report is
true, accurate and complete.

Significant Risk Warning
Please refer to the section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis – Risk
Management” of this report for information about major risks faced and measures to be
taken by the Company.

The forward-looking statements about matters like future plans of the Company in this
report do not constitute substantive commitments of the Company to the investors, and
the investors and related persons shall maintain sufficient risk awareness in this regard, and
shall understand the difference among plans, forecasts and commitments.
Contents

003   Definitions
004   Chairman’s Statement
007   President’s Statement
010   Company Profile
012   Corporate Overview
013   Development Strategies and Core Competitiveness
020   Honors and Awards
022   Financial Summary
026   Management Discussion and Analysis
083   Corporate Governance
110   Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders
122   Information on Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management,
           Employees and Institutions
145   Directors’ Report
159   Report of the Supervisory Committee
160   Significant Events


163   Independent Auditor’s Report
173   Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
           Other Comprehensive Income
175   Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
177   Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
178   Consolidated Cash Flow Statement
180   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement
318   Unaudited Supplementary Financial Information
                                                                                        Annual Report 2023   003




                                                                                   Definitions


“Company”, “Bank”, “our Bank”,         China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.
  “China Zheshang Bank” or “CZBank”:

“Former CBIRC”:                        the Former China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission

“CSRC”:                                China Securities Regulatory Commission

“Hong Kong Stock Exchange”:            The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

“SFO”:                                 Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of
                                       Hong Kong)

“Hong Kong Listing Rules”:             The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock
                                       Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

“Model Code”:                          The Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of
                                       Listed Issuers, as set out in Appendix C3 to Hong Kong Listing
                                       Rules

“Zheyin Financial Leasing”:            Zhejiang Zheyin Financial Leasing Co., Ltd., a holding subsidiary
                                       of the Company, in which the Company holds 51% of equity
                                       interest

“Group”:                               the Company and its subsidiary
004   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Chairman’s Statement


      The year 2023 was the first year for the full implementation of the spirit of the 20th Party Congress of the CPC,
      and the Chinese economy showed a recovery curve with upward trend under various challenges. The year 2023
      was also a milestone year for the financial industry, and the Central Financial Work Conference was successfully
      held to welcome a new opening of the road of financial development with Chinese characteristics. For CZBank,
      the year 2023 was a year to forge ahead amid difficulties with courage and perseverance, and achieve a gorgeous
      transformation. This year, CZBank kept in mind the spirit of the General Secretary’s important instructions, and
      under the guidance of the vision of being “a first-class commercial bank”, to maintain strategic focus, improve
      basic capacity and stimulate striving vitality, and practice the three-character primer of “goodness, intelligence
      and diligence” of high-quality development. As such, the Party’s leadership was comprehensively strengthened,
      the political ecology was continuously optimized, the standing pattern was continuously improved, the operation
      performance outperformed the market, the social image was greatly enhanced, and achieved the objectives of
      gorgeous transformation, foundation building and further development. The total assets of the Group have reached
      RMB3 trillion, the net interest margin has maintained good resilience at a high level in the industry, the revenue
      growth rate has ranked first among joint-stock banks for 10 consecutive quarters, the net profit has returned to
      double-digit growth, the non-performing loan ratio and allowance to non-performing loans have maintained a “the
      former down and the latter up” trend for two consecutive years, the quality of assets continued to show a positive
      trend, and the new journey of high-quality development has reached a new level.

      Enhance our standpoint and bravely shoulder our mission. In 2023, we kept in mind the mission of “national
      priorities”, strengthened the first principle of the functionality of finance, and explored a new pattern
      for finance serving Chinese modernization. We reshaped the finance logic from the social value perspective,
      practiced “finance for good” by “financial services for good”, launched CSGS, embedded the gene of “good” in the
      financial service scenarios, and promoted the origin of financial services for the real economy. Based on the “five
      finances (五篇大文章)”, we issued fifteen measures to benefit enterprises and people, newly released the “good
      finance assets pool (善融資產池)”, launched service solutions for technological innovation enterprises to promote
      development and growth of technological innovation enterprises and small and micro enterprises, and became the
      only national commercial bank recognized as “First-Class Bank” during the supervision and evaluation of small and
      micro enterprises finance services for the third consecutive year. The financial consulting system was promoted
      from Zhejiang to the whole country by establishing 93 workshops in 22 provinces and municipalities with workforce
      increased to more than 3,400 people, becoming the practice and sample of the financial supply-side structural
      reform in Zhejiang. We explored the intra-county comprehensive financial ecological construction model, and
      developed a replicable and extensible “3386” (three subjects, three instruments, eight measures, six achievements)
      “Linping Model (臨平模式)” and “Linping Index (臨平指數)” based on the unity of social value and economic value.
      We launched trust services for good project, initiated the establishment of the first charity capital public welfare
      alliance (善行資本公益聯盟) in China to facilitate development of innovative financial instruments and empower
      entrepreneurs to do good deeds, and promote construction of common prosperity demonstration zone.

      Applying a pragmatic approach and make best efforts to accomplish our deeds. In 2023, we grasped the
      general trend of development, took advantage of the trends, continued to create new dimensions, advanced
      in spite of the adverse environment, and built a smart operation system. We comprehensively implemented
      our twelve-word operation approach, namely “consolidating corporate foundation, adjusting corporate structure,
      controlling corporate risks, increasing corporate profitability”, deeply promoted the four strategic focuses, and
      achieved fruitful results in the primary strategy of “deepening Zhejiang development”. The target of total financing
      services in the province under the “three-year action” has been completed ahead of schedule, the digital reform
      has achieved remarkable results, the wealth management investment, research and selection capabilities have
      continued to improve, and the synergetic development of all five segments has showed a new atmosphere. The
      primary strategy of assets with low sensitivity to economic cycle was further carried out, the “321” operation
      orientation was fully implemented, 56% of additional credit of the year was invested in small diversified assets,
      and the revenue growth rate of assets with low sensitivity far exceeded the revenue growth rate of the Bank
      and accounting for nearly one-third of the total revenue of the Bank. Stereoscopic smart operation system was
      established, the revenue contribution from smart operations accounted for nearly one half, and non-interest income
      contributed more than 80% of the revenue increase. We fully launched the development of the four bases of
      customer, talent, system, investment and research, established four research institutes of finance, industry, wealth
      management and financial technology, the characteristic brand of “Digital Intelligence CZBank (數智浙銀)” has
      shown initial results, carried out “a hundred” lectures at universities and colleges, and precisely introduced a large
      number of professional talents, laying a solid foundation for high-quality development.
                   Annual Report 2023   005




Mr. Lu Jianqiang
Chairman
006   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Chairman’s Statement


      Clear up the sources and get to the bottom of problems to start a new journey. In 2023, we removed
      all problematic shareholders, upgraded our shareholding structure, enhanced our capital strength, and
      continued to improve our comprehensive risk management capabilities. We moved certain problematic
      shareholders, and actively introduced central and state-owned enterprises such as China Taiping Group and
      Lucion Group, resulting in the increase in the proportion of state-owned shareholders, and initially formed a three-
      tier capital structure of “central state capital, local state capital and private capital”. We seized the time window to
      complete the A+H rights issue beyond expectations, raising RMB12.5 billion. We successfully issued Tier 2 capital
      bonds of RMB30 billion, which were actively subscribed for by major institutions. We accelerated the addressing
      of historical risks, completed the rectification of the existing financial principal one year ahead of schedule, and
      officially obtained approval for our wealth management subsidiaries, while the special assets risk settlement and
      resolution team (特殊資產風險清收與化解組) completed its mission. The forward-looking risk reduction in key areas
      achieved outstanding results, the non-performing loan ratio of the Bank declined for two consecutive years, and
      the asset quality maintained a positive trend.

      Nourish our hearts with culture, and be respectful and grateful. In 2023, we started our cultural life at a
      high level, enhanced our cultural ecology, and cultivated “hard power for development” with “cultural
      soft power”. We actively drew nutrients from the excellent traditional Chinese culture, established correct views
      of business, performance and risk, and continued to promote the development of our five-word ecosystem
      consisting of “integrity, simplicity, professionalism, cooperation and honesty”, with “Four Dos” spirit firmly rooted
      in everyone’s hearts. We upgraded the “CZBank Culture Week (浙銀文化周)”, newly launched CZBank Song (行
      歌), CZBank Motto (行訓) and CZBank Convention (浙銀公約), and held the First Staff Games, allowing the cultural
      life of CZBank employees with more sense of ritual and “book flavor”. We have fully implemented the cultural
      concept of “uprightness and goodness”, launched the “Good Deed Plan for Employees (員工善行計劃)”, set up 11
      “good deed workshops (善行工作室)”, deeply cultivated the “one bank for one school (一行一校)” partner support
      program for 19 consecutive years, and further strengthened the work of “supporting soldiers by CZBank (浙銀擁
      軍)”. We strengthened the keynote of strictness, insisted on CZBank’s contribution to a healthy ecosystem with the
      word “strictness”, comprehensively carried out 13 special rectifications including serious financial discipline, and
      established “four bottom lines” for disciplinary rules and “three lists (三張清單)” for close and integrity relationship
      between banks and enterprises. We adhered to strict control with care, actively strived to be the advocate and
      practitioner of happy life, made more efforts to care for employees to achieve “the whole family is guaranteed with
      one person in CZBank (一人在浙商, 全家有保障)”, and further strengthened the cohesion for common progress and
      prosperity of the Bank.

      All things are mortal, but dreams remain, and we are closer to them than ever before. The year 2024 is the first
      year for the implementation of the spirit of the Central Financial Work Conference, as well as the year of the 20th
      anniversary of the establishment of CZBank and the year marking a new stage of its development following total
      assets reaching RMB3 trillion. Standing at a new starting point, we will fully implement the spirit of the Central
      Financial Work Conference and the Central Economic Work Conference, focus on the new positioning and new
      mission of Zhejiang, and under the guidance of the vision of being “a first-class commercial bank”, promote the
      concept of finance for good, practice the new spirit and enhance the new standpoint with higher political standpoint
      and stronger sense of responsibility and mission, seize new opportunities and create new advantages, have a
      foothold in a fresh start and lead the new fashion. With digitization as the main line and scenario as the core, we
      will consolidate our foundation, strengthen our management and create our features, comprehensively promote
      the “three first-class” high-quality development, strive to write a new chapter for the 20th anniversary of CZBank,
      create greater value for customers, employees, shareholders, partners, our country and community, and contribute
      CZBank’s power to comprehensive promotion of construction of a powerful country and national rejuvenation with
      Chinese-style modernization.


                                                                                                              Lu Jianqiang
                                                                                                                  Chairman
                                                                                                             March 28, 2024
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2023   007




                                                                             President’s Statement


Silently, time engraves unforgettable marks deep inside of the hearts of all people. In 2023, we continued to
work hard under the guidance of the twelve-word operation approach, namely “consolidating corporate foundation,
adjusting corporate structure, controlling corporate risks, increasing corporate profitability” and operated business
in an intelligent manner, which led to outstanding industry-leading results ahead of all the joint-stock banks. The
Group’s total assets reached at a new height of RMB3 trillion and revenue growth remained the first among
national joint-stock banks for 10 consecutive quarters, enabling the Group to become the only national joint-stock
bank with double-digit growth in profit and growth in both revenue and profit. By introducing China Taiping
and Lucion Group as new shareholders to the Group, the Group’s corporate governance capability has been
significantly improved. The Group has also obtained the license for wealth management subsidiaries, further
highlighting its advantage of multi-license integrated operation. As at the end of 2023, the Bank’s non-performing
loan ratio was 1.44%, and allowance to non-performing loans was 182.60%, reflecting the asset quality continued
to maintain a stabilizing and improving trend.

Go through the cycle with intelligent operation and draw a blueprint of connotative high-quality
development. Laying assets with low sensitivity to economic cycle as a ballast stone is a task of great significance
for the long-term development of CZBank. Focusing on the five finances, we have deepened our investment in
weakly cyclical industries, solidly pushed forward the “321” operation strategy, and continued to enhance our
intelligent operation capability in order to obtain “maximum benefits with minimum capital investment” on the
premise that risks are under control and realize high-quality development where scale, quality and efficiency
complement each other. Assets with low sensitivity to economic cycle contributed over 33% of total revenue of
the Bank, increasing by nearly 9 percentage points from the time when the concept was firstly proposed. Revenue
from assets with low sensitivity to economic cycle grew by 20%, far exceeding the growth rate of the revenue of
the Bank as a whole. 56% of our annual credit growth went to three classes of small diversified assets, including
retail, small loans and supply chain finance. And we continued to explore green intermediate income and green
income, and pressed the interest payment rate of deposits down to the average level of joint-stock banks. Revenue
from assets with low sensitivity to economic cycle, green revenue and revenue from low-cost deposits with rates
less than 1% are collectively referred to as intelligent revenue, which contributed nearly half (49%) of total revenue
as at the end of 2023, and became the ballast stone for the high-quality development of the Bank. In the new
year, we will focus on the five finances, continue to lay assets with low sensitivity to economic cycle and increase
investment in the small diversified assets and weakly cyclical industries, and expand customer service aggregate
(CSA) in order to realize our original intention of development to “pursue sound, but not the best, bank operation
during good economic times; maintain not-too-bad operation condition during weak economic times; and seek
stable operation generally in the long run”.

Develop a “three-good bank” (三好銀行) with good customers, good assets and good employees, and form
a new advantage of integrated and coordinated development of five major business segments. Over the
past year, with our relentless efforts to secure customers, we have signed contracts with more than 100 strategic
customers, such as the State Grid, Norinco Group, ZTE and Huawei, and cooperated with 93 central enterprises
with a coverage of 95%. We have pressed ahead with the integrated and coordinated development of the five
major business segments, namely, great retail, great corporate, great investment banking, great asset management
and great cross-border, and significantly improved our ability of cross-line, cross-sector and cross-branch
synergistic operations. With concept reshaping, systems reestablishing and process resetting, we have developed
first-class operation systems to support high-quality development. Adhering to a keynote of strictness, we have
reregulated the conduct and discipline of the Bank and greatly improved the integrity, expertise and engagement of
our management and staff. We have also held high the banner of technology-driven bank development, improved
the framework of the “185N” system, and strived to achieve “digital operation and digital value”. In the new year,
we will further develop scenario-based finance by focusing on five major financial scenarios, including technology
finance, supply chain finance, inclusive finance, pooling finance and wealth management, to inject new momentum
and new features of scenario-based finance. Besides, we will promote core systems replacement to consolidate
our foundation, i.e., to transform from “account-oriented” and “product-oriented” to “customer-oriented”.
008   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Mr. Zhang Rongsen
      President
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2023   009




                                                                                   President’s Statement


The introduction of strategic investors and completion of the A+H right issue improved our corporate
governance capabilities in all aspects. We cleared out certain problematic shareholders, and strategically
introduced China Taiping and Lucion Group as our new shareholders, thus forming a capital structure consisting
of central enterprises, local state-owned enterprises and private enterprises. Capturing the market window, we
successfully conducted A+H right issues as an effective replenishment to our core tier-one capital. Likewise, on
the last working day of 2023, we were granted the license for wealth management subsidiaries. In the new year,
we will give full play to the advantages of multi-license integrated operation, build a distinctive cross-border finance
brand, steadily push forward global presence and inject new momentum for the high-quality development of the
Bank.

Deepen Zhejiang development and serve Zhejiang merchants to truly become “a bank for Zhejiang,
Zhejiang merchants and Zhejiang people”. Over the past year, we have given full support to the overall situation
of Zhejiang, with 1/3 of the Bank’s loans provided to Zhejiang. We had loans and investment in local bonds of over
RMB100 billion within Zhejiang Province. Our local bonds underwriting ranked the first among all underwriters,
and financing services provided in Zhejiang province amounted to RMB920 billion aggregately. The Bank has been
awarded the first prize for supporting the economic and social development of Zhejiang for 8 consecutive years. We
have signed contracts with more than 10 provincial units in Zhejiang Province, covering all the 11 municipalities, the
federation of industry and commerce, and Zhejiang chamber of commerce. As a practice of finance for good, we
have issued CSGS to explore financial consulting system, and provided financing of over RMB550 billion to more
than 80,000 enterprises. In the new year, we will follow the strategy of being based in Zhejiang, looking to the
world and serving the country, provide a full range of financial consulting services to governments and enterprises,
improve and promote regional integrated financial service model, and endeavor to build “Zheyin Model” (浙銀示範),
i.e., being courageous to be a pioneer to start a new chapter.

Ride the wind toward the sky, thousands of miles wide, looking down at the mountains and rivers on the
vast land. The year 2024 is the twentieth anniversary of the founding of CZBank, and also a key year for the
Bank to reach a new stage of high-quality development. We will always keep in mind the instructions of General
Secretary Xi to focus on the central task, serve the overall interests, strengthen implementation and consolidation,
control costs, create benefits, comprehensively improve management, guidance and control, and solidly promote
the “sinking” (下沉) of operation, management and marketing. “In front of the difficulties there is us, and in front of
us there are no difficulties”, with such courage and commitment, we will continue to draw the blueprint and forge
ahead unswervingly towards the vision of being “a first-class commercial bank”.




                                                                                                      Zhang Rongsen
                                                                                                            President
                                                                                                       March 28, 2024
010   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Company Profile


      1.      Company name in Chinese:                                 浙商銀行股份有限公司(Abbreviation in Chinese: 浙商銀行)
              Company name in English:                                 CHINA ZHESHANG BANK CO., LTD.
                                                                         (Abbreviation in English: CZBANK)

      2.      Legal Representative:                                    Lu Jianqiang

      3.      Registered address:                                      No. 1788, Hongning Road, Xiaoshan District,
                                                                          Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province, the PRC
              Postcode:                                                311200
              Principal office address:                                No. 1 Minxin Road, Shangcheng District, Hangzhou,
                                                                          Zhejiang Province, the PRC
              Postcode:                                                310020
              E-mail:                                                  ir@czbank.com
              Website:                                                 www.czbank.com
              Customer service hotline:                                95527
              Tel for investor relations management:                   86-571-88268966
              Fax:                                                     86-571-87659826

      4.      Principal place of business in Hong Kong:                15/F, Three Exchange Square, No. 8 Connaught Place,
                                                                         Central, Hong Kong, the PRC

      5.      Authorized representatives:                              Zhang Rongsen, Luo Feng

      6.      Secretary to the Board:                                  Luo FengNote
              Joint Company Secretaries:                               Luo Feng, Chan Yin Wah
              Representative of securities affairs:                    Chen Sheng

      7.      A Shares
              Stock exchange where the securities are                  Shanghai Stock Exchange
                listed:
              Stock abbreviation:                                      CZBANK
              Stock code:                                              601916

              H Shares
              Stock exchange where the securities are                  Hong Kong Stock Exchange
                listed:
              Stock abbreviation:                                      CZBANK
              Stock code:                                              2016




      Note: Mr. Luo Feng’s qualification for the position of secretary to the Board of Directors is subject to regulatory approval.
                                                                                             Annual Report 2023   011




                                                                                    Company Profile


8.    Share registrar:
      A Shares:                                    China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation
                                                     Limited Shanghai Branch
                                                   No. 188 South Yanggao Road, Pudong New Area,
                                                     Shanghai, the PRC

      H Shares:                                    Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
                                                   Shops 1712-1716, 17/F, Hopewell Center,
                                                     183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong, the PRC

9.    Legal advisers:
      As to Mainland PRC Laws:                     Zhejiang T&C Law Firm
      As to Hong Kong Laws:                        Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer

10.   Accounting firms engaged by the Company:
      Domestic auditor:                            KPMG Huazhen LLP
                                                   Office address: 8/F, Tower E2, Oriental Plaza, 1 East
                                                      Chang’an Avenue, Dongcheng District, Beijing,
                                                      the PRC
                                                   Signing certificated accountants: Chen Sijie, Jin Rui

      International auditor:                       KPMG
                                                   Office address: 8/F, Prince’s Building, 10 Chater Road,
                                                      Central, Hong Kong, the PRC

11.   Sponsor institution performing continuous
        supervision and guidance duties during
        the reporting period:
      Name of the institution:                     CITIC Securities Company Limited
                                                   Office address: North Tower, Excellence Times Plaza II,
                                                      No. 8 Zhong Xin San Road, Futian District, Shenzhen,
                                                      Guangdong Province
                                                   Name of the undersigned sponsor representatives: Cheng
                                                      Yue, Jiang Ying
                                                   The period of continuous supervision and guidance:
                                                      July 6, 2023 to December 31, 2024

12.   Newspapers and websites designated for
        information disclosure:
      Mainland China:                              China Securities Journal, Shanghai Securities News,
                                                      Securities Times and Securities Daily
                                                   Website of the Shanghai Stock Exchange
                                                      (www.sse.com.cn)
                                                   Website of the Company (www.czbank.com)
      Hong Kong:                                   Website of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
                                                      (www.hkex.com.hk)
                                                   Website of the Company (www.czbank.com)
      Place for inspection of the annual report:   Office of the Board of the Company
                                                   (No. 1 Minxin Road, Shangcheng District, Hangzhou,
                                                      Zhejiang Province, the PRC)

13.   Other information about the Company:         Uniform social credit code: 91330000761336668H
                                                   Financial institution license serial number:
                                                      B0010H133010001
                                                   Registration date: July 26, 2004
012   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Corporate Overview


      As one of the twelve nationwide joint-stock commercial banks, CZBank officially commenced business on
      August 18, 2004, with its head office in Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province. CZBank is the 13th “A+H” listed bank in
      China. Since its opening, CZBank has always gained a toehold in Zhejiang and steadily developed its businesses
      worldwide, and has developed into a high-quality commercial bank with a solid foundation, strong profitability and
      prudent risk control.

      Under the guidance of the vision of being “a first-class commercial bank”, CZBank comprehensively establishes a
      five-word ecosystem, namely “integrity, simplicity, professionalism, cooperation and honesty”, vigorously carries
      forward the spirit of “Four-Dos”, exercises the three-word sutra of “goodness, wisdom, and diligence”, adheres
      to its twelve-word operation approach of “consolidating corporate foundation, adjusting corporate structure,
      controlling corporate risks, increasing corporate profitability”, and practices the concept of financial services for
      good. Based on the main line of digital reform, taking deepening development in Zhejiang as its first priority,
      launching brand-new wealth management, and leveraging the simultaneous and comprehensive synergistic
      development of the five major business segments, namely great retail, great corporate, great investment banking,
      great asset management and great cross-border, CZBank won the four major battles, namely, “minimizing risk,
      expanding revenue, stabilizing stock price and attracting strategic investments”. CZBank has implemented the
      four major consolidations, namely, “customer base, talent base, system base and investment and research base”,
      persistently built up a good ballast with assets with low sensitivity to economic cycle, and comprehensively
      released the productivity of intelligent operation, launching a new journey of high-quality development.

      In 2023, CZBank’s operating income was RMB63.764 billion, representing an increase of 4.27% over last year; net
      profit attributable to shareholders of the Bank was RMB15.048 billion, representing an increase of 10.50% over
      last year. As at the end of the reporting period, the total assets were RMB3.14 trillion, representing an increase of
      19.91% compared with that at the end of last year, of which total loans and advances to customers were RMB1.72
      trillion, representing an increase of 12.54% compared with that at the end of last year; the total liabilities were
      RMB2.95 trillion, representing an increase of 20.29% compared with that at the end of last year, of which balance
      of customer deposits were RMB1.87 trillion, representing an increase of 11.13% compared with that at the end
      of last year; the non-performing loan ratio was 1.44% and allowance to non-performing loans was 182.60%; the
      capital adequacy ratio was 12.19%, the tier-one capital adequacy ratio was 9.52%, and the core tier-one capital
      adequacy ratio was 8.22%, all maintaining at a reasonable level.

      CZBank has established 342 branch outlets in 22 provinces, autonomous regions, municipalities directly under
      the Central Government and the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, effectively covering Zhejiang, where its
      headquarters are located, the Yangtze River Delta, Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area, Bohai Rim,
      Economic Zone on the Western Coast of the Taiwan Straits and certain areas in the Midwestern China. In the “Top
      1000 World Banks 2023” ranking by The Banker, U.K., we ranked 87th in terms of tier-one capital. China Chengxin
      International gave CZBank the highest AAA corporate credit rating among financial institutions.

      For more details, please refer to sections headed Chairman’s Statement and President’s Statement.
                                                                                                             Annual Report 2023   013




                         Development Strategies and Core Competitiveness


(I)        DEVELOPMENT CONCEPTS
           Ecosystem: Establish a five-word ecosystem, namely “integrity, simplicity, professionalism, cooperation
           and honesty”.

           Development: Practice the three-word primer of “goodness, intelligence and diligence” and make efforts
           on high-quality development.

           Practice: Adhere to the keynote of strictness and develop “Four Dos” spirit (do it, do good, do it well and
           do well in it).

(II)       STRATEGIC SYSTEM
           The Company is committed to implementing the 1314N strategic system:

           One general principle of development: start a new journey of high-quality development with the vision of
           being a “first class commercial bank”.

           Three major goals: first-class social influence with positive behavior, first-class professional
           competitiveness in the industry, and first-class corporate cohesion of common progress and prosperity.

           One operation approach: comprehensively implement the twelve-word operation approach of
           “consolidating foundation, adjusting structure, controlling risks and increasing profitability”.

           Four strategic focuses: introduce systematic digital transformation, deepen comprehensive development
           in all aspects, seek synergetic development of all five segments and embark on a new journey of wealth
           management.

           Numerous strategic measures: build a first-class operation system for high-quality development with
           the primary strategy of taking the assets with low sensitivity to economic cycle as a ballast stone; win
           the four major challenges of minimizing risk, expanding revenue, stabilizing stock price and attracting
           strategic investments, promoting the high-quality development; and make the four major breakthroughs
           of customer foundation, talent foundation, system foundation, and investment and research foundation,
           consolidating the foundation for high-quality development.

(III)      CORE COMPETITIVENESS
           Clear and specific strategic positioning. The Company has always adhered to General Secretary Xi’s
           99-word important instruction to CZBank as a guideline, and has taken the vision of being a “first class
           commercial bank” as general principle. We have clarified the 12-word operation approach of “consolidate
           corporate foundation, adjust corporate structure, control corporate risks, increase corporate profitability”
           and the four strategic focuses of “digital reformation, deepening development, five major segments, and
           wealth management” and practice the three-word primer of “goodness, intelligence and diligence”. The
           implementation is clear with a remarkable operating result.

           Sound and organized corporate governance. The Company strengthens the establishment of modern
           corporate systems in all aspects and has improved the corporate governance level continuously with
           better governance systems. The Board of Directors, the supervisory committee and General Meetings
           and its Senior Management with specified and definite duties and responsibilities have formed a
           corporate governance structure appropriate for the Company. A three-tier capital structure comprising
           central state capital, local state capital and private capital(Note) have been established with a more stable
           and diversified equity structure. Through standard information disclosure processes, we have improved
           the quality of information disclosure continuously.

Note: During the reporting period, Taiping Life Insurance Co., Ltd. and Shandong International Trust Co., Ltd. acquired all the
      shares of the Company held by the former Traveller Automobile Group Co., Ltd. through a joint auction, as set out in the
      “Announcement of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. on the Completion of the Transfer of Shares by Shareholders in the
      Judicial Auction” published by the Company on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (www.sse.com.cn) (No.: 2023-034).
014   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Development Strategies and Core Competitiveness


                Unique regional advantage. The headquarters of the Company is located in Zhejiang Province which
                boasts strong economic foundation, high market-oriented system and mechanism, sound legal and
                regulatory environment, outstanding industrial cluster advantage, and complete urban system. The
                operating strategy of the Company is in line with the resource advantage and development plan of
                Zhejiang Province, so “deepening development in Zhejiang with services nationwide” naturally enjoys
                excellent regional advantage and external environment.

                Improving business system. The Company has focused on the coordinated development of its five
                major business segments, namely great retail, great corporate, great investment banking, great asset
                management and great cross-border, providing customers with comprehensive, three-dimensional and
                systematic financial services to achieve the diversified operation, global layout, comprehensive services
                and high-quality development. In particular, its professional service ability in many fields such as supply
                chain finance, intelligent manufacturing services, science and innovation finance, and small and micro
                enterprise business has been highly recognized by the customers in the market.

                Prudent and steady risk management. Oriented with serving the real economy, the Company adheres
                to a prudent and healthy risk appetite and the principle of “small and diversified” in granting credit in an
                appropriate manner, builds an asset structure with weak sensitive assets of economic cycle as ballast
                stone, implements a distinctive risk control officer assignment system, and continuously improves the risk
                management system to maintain stable quality of assets.

                Financial technology with distinctive edges. The Company has systematically initiated the digital
                reform, built the “185N” reform system architecture, launched the “Weihai” digital brand and has taken
                the lead in exploring the deepened integration of the cutting-edge technologies with banking business,
                so as to build several major digital applications with CZBank identification and competitiveness in the
                industry.

                Scientific and reasonable talent reserves. The Company strengthens the construction of its cadre
                team. The management of the Company has broad strategic vision and extraordinary business
                management capability, as well as extensive experience in business operation, financial management,
                risk control and information technology. The employees of the Company are young, energetic, highly-
                educated with strong professional competence.

                Refreshed corporate culture. The Company adheres to the cultural concept of “uprightness and
                goodness, and financing to all parties” and the entrepreneurial spirit of “seeing the action, seeing the
                heart, and seeing the future”, takes the “awe, gratitude, integrity, responsibility” as shared value and the
                “CZBank Motto (浙銀行訓)” and “CZBank Song (浙銀行歌)” “CZBank Convention Version 2.0” (浙銀公約
                2.0版) as a cultural consensus, takes “developing service culture, solidify compliance culture, practice
                excellence culture and creating harmony culture” as basic cultural elements and implements the four key
                projects, namely culture rooting, culture nourishing, culture shaping and culture promotion, building the
                “four beams and eight pillars” of the Bank’s corporate culture system.

                Innovation-led concept of “financial services for good”. The Company fulfills the mission of “national
                priorities” in finance, reshaping financial logic based on social value. Led by the concept of financial
                services for good, the Company proactively supports the “financial consulting system”, with the launch
                of CSGS and implements the trust project for “financial services for good”. In addition, we practice
                the intra-county comprehensive financial ecological construction and acts as the “financial army” of
                the government, the “financial family doctor” of enterprises and the “financial consultant” of residents,
                exploring a new paradigm for Chinese-style modernization of financial services.
                                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2023           015




        UNDERSTAND ASSETS WITH LOW SENSITIVITY TO ECONOMIC CYCLE

                        Operation Systems                                                   Classification of Assets with
                                                                                          Low Sensitivity to Economic Cycle
                 Twelve-word operation approach
                                                                                                          Small diversified assets
 Consolidate             Adjust               Control              Increase
   corporate            corporate            corporate            corporate
  foundation            structure              risks              profitability
                                                                                                        Retail: credit card business, private mortgage,
                                                                                                        personal loans (excluding co-borrowing)
                              Four Major Battles                                     Retail/
                                                                                     private            Microfinance: inclusive microfinance business of
                                                                                     banking            less than RMB10 million (inclusive)
                         Expand           Stabilize stock      Attract strategic
Minimize risk                                                                                           Other businesses that meet the “small and
                         revenue              price              investments
                                                                                                        diversified” criteria, such as supply chain finance
                                                                                   Microfinance         business, supply chain notes
                 Laying assets with low sensitivity to
                  economic cycle as a ballast stone
                                                                                                         Weakly cyclical industries
                             Intelligent operation

                            Intelligent                                                             Agriculture, forestry, animal husbandry, and fishery;
 Intelligent revenue                    Intelligent risk          Intelligent                       electricity, heat, gas and water production and supply;
                           settlement
  generation (321)                          control              management                         transport, storage and postal services; water,
                          and clearance
                                                                                    Corporate       environment and public facilities management;
Intelligent customer                                                                                education, science, culture and health, etc.
                            Intelligent promotion        Intelligent base camp
      acquisition

                                                                                                        Customer service aggregate

                “Maximum Consensus and
                 Minimum Scope” Principle
                                                                                   Retail/private                                                 Financial
                                                                                                         Corporate        Microfinance
                                                                                     banking                                                     institutions
                        “1+3” identification criteria
                                                                                                              Wealth management product sales,
                 Is he/she/it a customer of the Bank                                   Asset under            asset management and sales agency, etc.
                                                                                     management (AUM)         for the purpose of serving the retail clients
                                                                                                              of the Bank
 Is the risk-weighted
                             Is the economic value       Is the non-performing
     asset (RWA)                                                                                              Total size of four major types of business,
                                 added (EVA) is           loan (NPL) at a low
   low-consumption                                                                                            including bond underwriting, asset structuring,
                            considerable and stable       and controllable level      Finance product
     and sufficient                                                                                           trade matchmaking and asset transfer,
                                                                                      aggregate (FPA)
                                                                                                              for the purpose of serving the corporate clients
                                                                                                              of the Bank


                                                                                      Fixed income,
“1+6” Decision-making Safeguard Mechanisms                                            currencies &
                                                                                                              Agency services such as precious metal agency,
                                                                                                              credit bond sales and bond lending
                                                                                    commodities (FICC)

          Senior management decision-making mechanism
                                                                                                              International settlement, foreign exchange
                                                                                       International          transactions with customers, cross-border services
                                                                                         business             and other services

     Resource                   Performance                 Price insurance                                   Credit asset transfer where the Bank acts as the
     allocation                 assessment                      approval                Full-range            originator, such as the Bank’s asset underwriting and
     mechanism                   mechanism                    mechanism                product sales          distribution, and sales agency and matchmaking,
                                                                                                              and asset custody of interbank assets


                                                                                                              Custody of all asset management products
                                                                                         Custodian
 Cross-collaboration               Risk control           Digital technology                                  other than client funds (excluding custody-driven
                                                                                          business            liability business)
     mechanism                     mechanism             support mechanism
016      China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      In 2023, the Bank’ s assets with low sensitivity to economic                                                      Assets in weakly
      cycle realized revenue of RMB20.285 billion, accounting for                                                       cyclical industries

      33.02%                   of the revenue of the Bank (note)                                                        Asset balance


                                                                                          3.86                          RMB   191.1 billion
  Small diversified assets                                                                                              Customer service
                                                                                                                        aggregate (CSA)
  Asset balance/business volume                                       Proportion
                                                                                                                        Business balance
           626.7 billion
                                                      20.02
                                                                      of revenue                  9.14
                                                                                                                              7,923.7billion
  RMB
                                                                             (%)
                                                                                                                        RMB
  Retail Business                8.83%
                                                                                                             Asset under management (AUM)        2.33%
  Microfinance                  10.04%
                                                                                                             Finance product aggregate (FPA)     1.43%
  Supply chain finance           1.13%                                                                       Fixed income, currencies
  Supply chain notes             0.02%                                                                          & commodities (FICC)             0.44%
                                                                                                             International business              3.61%
                                                                                                             Full-range product sales            0.42%
                                                                                                             Custodian business                  0.91%


  Q1 Why is the concept“assets with low sensitivity to economic cycle”proposed?
              As a pro-cyclical industry, how can a bank achieve such an operating position that it “pursues sound, but not the best, bank
              operation during good economic times; maintains not-too-bad operation condition during weak economic times; and seeks stable
              operation generally in the long run”? This is the original intention of our proposal to lay assets with low sensitivity to economic cycle
              as a ballast stone, which is mainly based on the following two realistic considerations.
              Firstly, excessive concentration on large-scale targets, high industry concentration and high case concentration is detrimental to the
              long-term development of a bank, and even destructive when risks come. That is why we propose to diversify in small amounts and
              strictly tighten the control over industry and client concentration.
              Secondly, we need to develop a group of customers in line with our own capacity, and a group of strong customers that can
              provide stable and sustainable income for the operation of the Bank, and, “cutting watermelon, picking peaches, picking sesame
              seeds”, ultimately form a customer structure consisting of “large, medium, small and micro” clients. We anticipate such customers
              to be able to weather economic cycles, accompany the development of our customers over the long term, and support the
              sustainable development of the Bank.

  Q2 What are assets with low sensitivity to economic cycle?
              In accordance with the principles of “maximum consensus and minimum scope” and “serving the Bank’s customers” and the three
              quantitative indicators, i.e. RWA, EVA, and non-performing rate, we have classified the assets with low sensitivity to economic cycle
              of the Bank into three categories: small diversified assets, assets in weakly cyclical industries, and customer service aggregate (CSA).
              Firstly, small diversified assets are used to diversify risks by controlling credit concentration from the perspective of customers,
              which mainly related to retail, small and micro customers, as well as supply chain customers that meet the criteria of being small
              and diversified. These assets are naturally “small and diversified” and are able to weather economic cycles and withstand the test
              of risks.
              Secondly, assets in weakly cyclical industries are formed from the perspective of industries through investments in industries with
              weak correlation with economic cycles, mainly industries that are essential for the economy and life of people of a country, such as
              education, medical care, warehousing and logistics, electricity, heat, water and gas production and supply, as well as some new
              energy industries.
              Thirdly, customer service aggregate (CSA) mainly covers six major categories of financial services, including asset under
              management (AUM), finance product aggregate (FPA), fixed income, currencies & commodities (FICC), international business, full-
              range product sales and custodian business. Customer service aggregate (CSA) is a collection of “customers”, “services” and
              “aggregate”, characterised by large amount of flow, light assets and high frequency customer access and acquisition.



  Q3 What is intelligent operation?
              Intelligent management is the combined use of digital technology, market-oriented products and instruments to achieve “maximum
              benefits with minimum capital investment” on the premise that risks are under control and realize high-quality development where
              scale, quality and efficiency complement each other. Intelligent operation is reflected in seven aspects, including intelligent revenue
              generation, intelligent settlement and clearance, intelligent risk control, intelligent management, intelligent customer acquisition,
              intelligent promotion and intelligent base camp.
              For intelligent revenue generation, the Bank must firmly implement the “321” revenue expansion strategy and conduct asset
              restructuring to improve customer structure and revenue structure, and promote the expansion of each business scale, optimization
              of business structure, and improvement of operation quality and efficiency. In particular, “3” refers to giving priority to the investment
              in retail, microfinance and supply chain finance, “2” refers to continuously expanding green intermediate income and green income,
              and “1” refers to unswervingly reducing interest payment rate of deposits.
              Revenue from assets with low sensitivity to economic cycle, green revenue and revenue from low-cost deposits with rates less than
              1% are collectively referred to as “intelligent revenue”.

      Note: Excluding subsidiaries in accordance with domestic standards
                                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2023                017




 Situation of“deepening Zhejiang development”in 2023
 Main indicators in Zhejiang Province




                                  Loan balance                                          Green loan                               Balance of agricultural-related loans

                              RMB 557.9      billion                          RMB       85.3
                                                                                           billion                         RMB            118.4
                                                                                                                                          billion
                                 increasing by                                  increasing by                                 increasing by
                                      11.64%                                         21.85% Loans to manufacturing industries      7.58%
        Deposit balance                              Total financing services

     RMB 534.5      billion                           RMB  920.3     billion                          RMB      112.3 billion
                                                                                                         increasing by
        increasing by                                    increasing by
                                                                            Small and micro loans under       11.60%
             15.50%                                           9.52%
                                                                                  inclusive finance
                                                                               RMB  130.0     billion
                                                                                  increasing by
                                                                                       13.61%
 Main achievements


01                                          02                                                       03
       The business scale in the                   The connection with government                         Significant achievements were made
       province achieved rapid                     departments at all levels was                          for providing services in key areas
       growth                                      strengthened in an all-round way                       In 2023, our Bank underwrote RMB39.4 billion
       At the end of 2023, the                     Our Bank has signed contracts with                     of Zhejiang local government bonds, accounting
       deposits and loans of our Bank              11 municipal governments as well as                    for 10% of the issuance amount; underwrote
       accounted for 15.58% and                    provincial and municipal federations of                RMB40.4 billion of non-financial bonds in the
       13.66% of the joint-stock peers             industry and commerce, achieving “full                 province, ranking the fourth in the same industry
       in the province, increasing                 coverage”. It has accumulatively signed                in the province; implemented accumulative 46
       by 1.48 percentage points                   strategic cooperation agreements with 10               major provincial projects; provided services to
       and 0.43 percentage point                   provincial units such as the Department                various types of 38 digital government affair
       respectively as compared with               of Economy and Information Technology,                 platforms, deeply empowering the digital reform
       the beginning of the year. The              the Department of Commerce, the                        and the value-added reform of government
       deposits and loans within the               Department of Agriculture and Rural                    affair services of provincial and municipal
       province accounted for 24.5%                Affairs and the Department of Culture                  departments.
       and 33.1% of the Bank’s                     and Tourism of the province, achieving
       system, ranking first in the                more in-depth, practical and effective
       industry.                                   cooperation with provincial government
                                                   departments.




          Our Bank continued to                  Widespread influence has                       Breakthroughs                   Our Bank was affirmed
          deepen the construction                been achieved for finance                      were achieved                   by provincial leaders for
          of customer base                       as a beneficial factor in                      in obtaining                    many times
          Provincial corporate credit            assisting with common                          major business                  Supporting three “No. 1 Projects
          customers, small enterprise            prosperity                                     qualifications and              ( 一號工程 )”, establishing high-
          customers and individual                                                              special accounts                quality CZBank demonstration,
                                                 The Bank has 3,400 financial
          high-quality customers                                                                                                providing services for the
                                                 consultants at three levels of                 Breakthroughs were
          accounted for 35.6%, 43.4%                                                                                            construction of common
                                                 province, city and county, realizing           achieved in many fields
          and 50.3% in the Bank’s                                                                                               prosperity areas, assisting with
                                                 the full coverage of financial                 such as finance, land
          system. The coverage rate                                                                                             the high-quality development
                                                 consultant offices established in              reserve, reserve fund
          of cooperation with key                                                                                               of 26 counties in mountainous
                                                 cities in the province. The Bank               and social security,
          customers such as provincial                                                                                          areas, serving the real economy
                                                 has launched 59 series products                and more than 100
          and municipal state-owned                                                                                             and many other works have
                                                 of “digital intelligent common                 various business
          enterprises and the top                                                                                               been approved for affirmation
                                                 prosperity loans ( 數智共富貸 )” for                qualifications and
          100 enterprises in Zhejiang                                                                                           by the main leaders of the
                                                 specialty industries in mountainous            special fund accounts
          Province reached 90%.                                                                                                 provincial party committee and
                                                 and island counties, with a                    were newly obtained in          provincial government.
                                                 cumulative credit of over RMB5.6               the province, cities and
 04                                        05    billion.                                 06    counties.                  07
018   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Financial consulting system

      “1+N” comprehensive financial services
      Through “1”, being financial consultants, actively explore the service relationship between financial talents
      and local governments, local enterprises and residents, and establish an interactive mechanism for in-depth
      communication with local governments, local enterprises and residents; and through “N” forces of various
      institutions supporting each financial consultant, formulate “1+N” chaining comprehensive financial services
      capabilities to help local governments serve real enterprises.




      “1+N” model

       Local governments                                     Enterprises                                  Residents
          Advices and recommendations                        Financial services                           Investor education
           Reduce local financial risks                   Support healthy economic                   Help wealth preservation and
                                                                development                                  appreciation



                                                        Financial consultants


       Law and         Guarantee        Trust       Securities       Bank          Insurance        Asset                               Lease                         Research
      accounting                                                                                 management                                                          institution




                                                                                                                                             Fina
                                                                                                                                                 nci
                                                                                                          Inst                       Fin            al
                                                                                                                                                       i
      “1+N” structure                                                                                         it                             an

                                                                                                                      upporting the co                              tions in Zhe
                                                                                                                                              cia

                                                                                                                  ns s                                          titu
      “1” represents the financial consultants, and “N” represents the                          Financial
                                                                                                                                      nsu        l S ervice                     jia
                                                                                                              utio                                            ns
      institutions supporting the financial consultants, the Financial                         consultants
      Service Committee and financial institutions in Zhejiang.

                                                                                                           ltan                             Co
                                                                                                         ittee ts              mm                        ng



                                                                             Small and
                              Investor education    Bank financing          medium-sized                                                    “1+N” function
          Financial                services            services              enterprise            Equity
         assistance                                                           services             investment                               “1” represents the
            services                                                                               services                                 professional services
                                                                                                                                            that financial consultants
                              Professional services that financial consultants may provide                                                  may provide, and
          IPO and                                                                                                                           “N” represents the
          refinancing                                                                             Law and                                   comprehensive financial
          services                                                                                accounting                                services that all financial
                                   Merger and                                 Wealth
                                                    Bond financing                                services                                  consultants of the Financial
                                   acquisition                              management
                                                       services                                                                             Service Committee may
                                    services                                  services
                                                                                                                                            collaboratively provide.
                                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023   019




CZBank Social Goodness Standard


                                                                    CZBank
               Keep in mind the mission                                                         Practice the concept of
                 of national priorities Adhere to the original aspiration Promote the concept financial services for good
                                             of finance for people         of finance for good



                                               Active implementation            Continuous enhancement

                                       Being political and people-oriented         Being professional

           Put the functionality of finance in the first                                            Integrate the Chinese ESG concept into
             place for operation and management             Embed the gene of “good” in the               the core business operations
                                                              financial service scenarios



                                        Not simply measure customers by technical indicators, but pay more
                                            attention to the social value analysis of customer behaviors

                    Serve the overall                                                                         Promote common
                        interests                                                                                prosperity
                                                   Serve the real            Improve the people’s
                                                     economy                      livelihoods


                                         Build a customer evaluation system of “advocating and promoting goodness”


                                              CZBank Social Goodness Standard (CSGS)




                                                             CZBank Social
                                                            Goodness Standard

                                                             Financial services for good
                                                                The most important
                                                                practical exploration

                           Overall
                           interests                                                                       Nature of
 Positive standards                                                                                        goodness       Positive standards
                           Environmental
                           protection                    For                            For                Value of
                                                      enterprise    CSGS             individual            goodness
                           Social
                           responsibility                                                                  Results of
                                                                                                           goodness
    Negative list          Corporate                                                                                         Negative list
                           governance
020   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Honors and Awards


      Awards/Ranking                                              Activities/Organizers/Media      Awarded in


      87th in the “Top 1000 World Banks 2023” ranking             The Banker, magazine of the UK   Jul. 2023
      Maintain double “investment grade” in the international     S&P, Moody’s                     Aug. 2023
         rating
      “A” in MSCI ESG rating                                   MSCI                                Oct. 2023
      First Prize for Outstanding Unit in Supporting Zhejiang’sPeople’s Government of Zhejiang     April. 2023
         Economic and Social Development                         Province
      FinTech Development Award                                People’s Bank of China              Dec. 2023
      “Most Satisfactory Bank for Private Enterprises” in      People’s Bank of China, Zhejiang    Jun. 2023
         Zhejiang Province                                       Branch, Zhejiang Federation of
                                                                 Industry and Commerce
      Outstanding Achievement Collective of Financial Services People’s Bank of China, Zhejiang    Dec. 2023
        Protection for Hangzhou Asian Games                      Branch
      Top 100 Demonstration Units of Civilization and Norms    China Banking Association           Jun. 2023
        for Banking Networks (CZBank Zhengzhou Branch,
        CZBank Lanzhou Branch)
      The Warming Station was honored as the “Most Beautiful All-China Federation of Trade         Dec. 2023
        Station”                                                 Unions
      Special Prize of “Science and Innovation China” Fintech  China Association for Science       Nov. 2023
        Innovation Competition                                   and Technology, China
                                                                 Communications Association
      Corporate Standards “Leader”                             National Internet Finance           Mar. 2023
                                                                 Association of China
      Best Practices of Zhejiang State-owned Enterprises       Zhejiang State-owned Assets         Jan. 2023
        Serving Common Wealth, Excellent Applications of         Supervision and Administration
        Digital Reforms                                          Commission
      Mobile Banking won Best Digital Operation Award, Best China Financial Certification          Dec. 2023
        Corporate Internet Banking Award                         Authority, Digital Finance Gold
                                                                 List Award
      Outstanding Integrated Business Organization             Shanghai Commercial Paper           Feb. 2023
                                                                 Exchange
                                                                                             Annual Report 2023   021




                                                                                     Honors and Awards


Awards/Ranking                                            Activities/Organizers/Media       Awarded in


Annual Special Contribution to the Market Making          Shanghai Futures Exchange         Mar. 2023
   Business Industry Award, Annual Diamond Award for
   Market Making Business
Interbank Local Currency Market Cross-Border              Foreign Exchange Trading Center   Jan. 2023
   Investment Innovation Award of the Year
Outstanding ABN lead underwriter, outstanding credit      The 9th Jiefu Award for Asset     Sep. 2023
   ABS originator                                           Securitization and Bonds
Exemplary Financial Innovation Award                      CFS 12th Financial Summit         Jul. 2023
Outstanding Cases of Financial Development in the 21st    21st Century Business Herald      Nov. 2023
   Century: Financial Advisors Integrated Services Bank
2023 Golden Bull Award for Wealth Management              China Securities Journal          Nov. 2023
   Products in China’s Banking Sector
Golden Dragon Award – Best Science and Innovation         Financial Times                   Dec. 2023
   Financial Services Bank of the Year
Award for Investment Management Team of 2023              Shanghai Securities News          Dec. 2023
   SSE-Golden Wealth Management
Sustainable Brand of the Year                             Southern Weekend                  Dec. 2023
Tianji Award (天璣獎) for ESG Practices in China’s           Securities Times                  Jul. 2023
   Banking Industry of the Year
Top 20 Banks’ Overall ESG Performance                     China Banking and Insurance       Aug. 2023
                                                            Media
Best Supply Chain Finance Bank, Best Cross-Border         Trade Finance                     Dec. 2023
  Financial Services Bank
Leading China’s “Golden Intelligence Award” Outstanding JRJ.com                             Jan. 2023
  Inclusive Financial Services Award
2023 Excellence in Banking Brand Award                  Stockstar                           Nov. 2023
022   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Financial Summary


      (The financial data and indicators set forth in this annual report are prepared in accordance with IFRSs, are
      consolidated data of the Bank and its subsidiaries and presented in RMB, unless otherwise specified)




                                   Total assets                                                Net profit
                             In 100 millions of RMB                                   In 100 millions of RMB




                                                                                                                   154.93
                                                                 31,438.79                                139.89
                                                     26,219.30               131.42   125.59     129.16
                                         22,867.23
                             20,482.25
                 18,007.86




                  2019        2020        2021        2022         2023      2019      2020       2021      2022   2023




                             Operating income                                     Net non-interest income
                             In 100 millions of RMB                                   In 100 millions of RMB




                                                                  637.64                                           162.36
                                                      611.52
                                          545.84                                                          140.90
                              477.71                                         117.85              126.32
                  464.47                                                              106.76




                   2019        2020       2021        2022        2023       2019      2020       2021      2022    2023
                                                                                      Annual Report 2023   023




                                                                   Financial Summary




         Operating expenses                          Cost-to-income ratio (%)
         In 100 millions of RMB




                                                                                      30.43
                                    201.59
                           176.68                                           27.77
                                                 26.41    26.42
                  147.72                                           25.50
128.65   132.42




2019      2020    2021     2022     2023         2019     2020     2021     2022      2023




Non-performing loan ratio (%)                Allowance to non-performing loans (%)



                                                 220.80
                   1.53    1.47                           191.01            182.19   182.60
 1.37     1.42                       1.44                          174.61




2019      2020    2021     2022      2023        2019     2020     2021     2022      2023
024   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Financial Summary


      Key Financial Data and Indicators

                                                       2023        2022        2021        2020        2019


      Operating results (RMB million)
      Operating income                               63,764      61,152      54,584      47,771      46,447
      Profit before taxation                         17,492      15,831      14,981      14,363      14,680
      Net profit attributable to shareholders of
        the Bank                                     15,048      13,618      12,648      12,309      12,924


      Scale indicators (at the end of the
        reporting period, RMB million)
      Total assets                                 3,143,879   2,621,930   2,286,723   2,048,225   1,800,786
      Total loans and advances to customers        1,716,240   1,525,030   1,347,239   1,197,698   1,030,171
      Total liabilities                            2,954,302   2,456,000   2,119,840   1,915,682   1,672,759
      Customer deposits                            1,868,659   1,681,443   1,415,705   1,335,636   1,143,741
      Equity attributable to shareholders of the
        Bank                                        186,245     162,933     164,169     130,512     126,246


      Per share (RMB)
      Net assets per share at the end of the
         period attributable to shareholders of
         the Bank(1)                                    5.87        6.49        5.84        5.43        5.23
      Basic earnings per share attributable to
         shareholders of the Bank(2)                    0.57        0.53        0.53        0.51        0.60
      Diluted earnings per share attributable to
         shareholders of the Bank                       0.57        0.53        0.53        0.51        0.60


      Profitability indicators (%)
      Return on average total assets(3)                 0.54        0.57        0.60       0.65        0.76
      Return on average equity(4)                       9.42        9.02        9.83      10.03       12.21
      Net interest margin                               2.01        2.21        2.27       2.19        2.39
      Net interest spread                               1.81        2.02        2.07       1.99        2.13
      Net non-interest income to operating
        income                                        25.46       23.04       23.14       22.35       25.37
      Cost-to-income ratio(5)                         30.43       27.77       25.50       26.42       26.41


      Asset quality indicators (%)
      Non-performing loan ratio(6)                     1.44        1.47        1.53        1.42        1.37
      Allowance to non-performing loans(7)           182.60      182.19      174.61      191.01      220.80
      Allowance to total loans(8)                      2.63        2.67        2.68        2.72        3.03


      Capital adequacy indicators (%)
      Core tier-one capital adequacy ratio             8.22        8.05        8.13        8.75        9.64
      Tier-one capital adequacy ratio                  9.52        9.54       10.80        9.88       10.94
      Capital adequacy ratio                          12.19       11.60       12.89       12.93       14.24
                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2023    025




                                                                                                Financial Summary


Notes:

(1)   Net assets per share attributable to shareholders of the Bank = (equity attributable to shareholders of the Bank minus other
      equity instruments) divided by the total number of ordinary shares at the end of the period

(2)   Basic earnings per share attributable to shareholders of the Bank = Net profit attributable to shareholders of ordinary shares
      of the Bank (excluding net profit attributable to other equity instruments of the Bank) divided by weighted average number of
      ordinary shares outstanding. As a result of the Right Issue, the earnings per share of previous years have been recalculated.

(3)   Return on average total assets = Net profit divided by the average balance of total assets at the beginning and at the end of
      the period.

(4)   Return on average equity = Net profit attributable to shareholders of ordinary shares of the Bank (excluding net profit
      attributable to other equity instruments of the Bank) divided by average balance of equity attributable to shareholders of
      ordinary shares of the Bank at the beginning and at the end of the period (excluding other equity instruments).

(5)   Cost-to-income ratio = Operating expenses (excluding taxes and surcharges) divided by operating income.

(6)   Since the 2023 annual report, the Bank has calculated the non-performing loan ratio and allowance to total loans in
      accordance with the Guidelines for the Calculation of Major Financial Indicators in China’s Banking Industry (
                                                                                                                  《中國銀行業主
      要財務指標計算指引》) (Yin Xie Fa [2023] No. 34) issued by the China Banking Association, where: Non-performing loan ratio
      = Balance of non-performing loans divided by total loans and advances to customers (excluding interest accrued).

(7)   Allowance to non-performing loans = Balance of impairment allowances on loans divided by balance of non-performing
      loans. There is no difference between the indicator for the Group and the Bank, while the regulatory requirements specify
      that a legal person’s allowance to non-performing loans shall not be less than 140%.

(8)   Allowance to total loans = Balance of impairment allowances on loans divided by total loans and advances to customers
      (excluding interest accrued). There is no difference between the indicator for the Group and the Bank, while the regulatory
      requirements specify that a legal person’s allowance to total loans shall not be less than 2.1%.


Explanation of Differences between Financial Statements Prepared under Domestic and
International Accounting Policies
The net profit attributable to shareholders of the Bank for the reporting period ended December 31, 2023 and
the equity attributable to shareholders of the Bank as at the end of the reporting period presented in the financial
statements prepared by the Group under the China Accounting Standards are the same with that presented in the
financial statements prepared by the Group under the International Financial Reporting Standards.
026   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis


      (I)       Economic, Financial and Regulatory Environments
                In 2023, the global political and economic situation was changeable, with frequent geopolitical
                conflicts and slowing down of economic growth in the world’s major economies. With the rise of trade
                protectionism, global trade continued to slow down, and investment activities were sluggish, showing an
                overall stagflationary pattern of “high inflation and low growth”. At the same time, the Federal Reserve
                has been increasing interest rates and shrinking balance sheet, the global financial environment has
                become tightening, and financial risks have risen, bringing many challenges to the recovery of the world
                economy.

                The year 2023 was the opening year for the full implementation of the spirit of the 20th CPC National
                Congress and the year of economic recovery and development. During this year, under the strong
                leadership of the Central Party Committee with Xi Jinping at its core, we adhered to the general principle
                of seeking progress while maintaining stability, overcame internal and external difficulties, and fought
                hard to promote the gradual recovery of the economy amidst the fluctuations, and successfully achieved
                the major goals of economic and social development. GDP for the year amounted to RMB126 trillion,
                5.2% increase over the previous year at constant prices. The economic growth rate was significantly
                faster than that of the world’s major developed economies, demonstrating the strong resilience and
                potential of China’s economy. At the same time, it should also be noted that China’s economic recovery
                is also facing problems such as insufficient effective demand, overcapacity in some industries, weak
                social expectations, more hidden risks, and blockages in the domestic cycle, etc. However, from a
                comprehensive point of view, the favorable conditions for China’s development outweigh the unfavorable
                factors, and the basic trend of economic rebound and long-term improvement remains unchanged.

                In 2023, the financial supervisory organization system underwent major changes: the Central Financial
                Commission and the Central Financial Working Committee were established as the highest decision-
                making level in the financial field. The State Administration of Financial Supervision was set up, and the
                former “one line and two chambers” supervisory system was changed to “one line, one chamber and
                one bureau”. The responsibilities of financial supervision were redistributed with clearer powers and
                responsibilities. In the second half of the year, the Central Financial Work Conference will be held, and
                the goal of building a “strong financial country” was proposed for the first time at the central level, which
                will set higher requirements for financial work to serve the country’s strength and national rejuvenation.

                In 2023, the monetary policy was precise and the fiscal policy continued to be strong, providing strong
                support for the real economy. On the one hand, the monetary policy lowered the interest rate to reduce
                the cost of financing for the real economy; the deposit reserve rate of financial institutions was lowered
                by 0.25 percentage point in March and September respectively, releasing more than a trillion dollars of
                liquidity, and the 1-year LPR (Loan Market Quotation Rate) and the 5-year LPR dropped by 20 basis
                points and 10 basis points respectively, further reducing the cost of financing for the real economy. On
                the other hand, the fiscal policy focused on expanding domestic demand to support the steady growth
                of social financing. The issuance of RMB1 trillion of national bonds in the fourth quarter, which were
                arranged for local governments in the form of transfer payments, provided stronger support for the
                supply of government bonds. At the end of 2023, broad money supply (M2) grew by 9.7% year-on-year,
                the stock of social financing grew by 9.5% year-on-year, and the balance of Renminbi (RMB) loans to the
                real economy amounted to RMB235.48 trillion, a year-on-year increase of 10.4%.
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023   027




                                                    Management Discussion and Analysis


       The banking industry has made great efforts to improve the quality and efficiency of its services to the
       real economy and strengthened its credit support to key areas. At the end of 2023, the local and foreign
       currency assets of banking financial institutions amounted to RMB417.3 trillion, an increase of 9.9%
       year-on-year; the local and foreign currency liabilities of banking financial institutions amounted to 383.1
       trillion, an increase of 10.1% year-on-year. The balance of loans from banking financial institutions to
       small and micro enterprises reached RMB70.9 trillion, of which the balance of inclusive loans to small
       and micro enterprises with a credit line for each borrower not more than RMB10 million was RMB29.1
       trillion, increased by 23.3% year-on-year, and the balance of loans for affordable and comfortable
       housing projects was RMB6.3 trillion. Commercial banks achieved an annual net profit of RMB2.4 trillion,
       increased by 3.2% year-on-year, with a non-performing loan balance of RMB3.2 trillion and a non-
       performing loan ratio of 1.59%, thus generally maintaining the stable asset quality.

(II)   Analysis of Overall Operation Performance
       During the reporting period, under the guidance of the vision of being “a first-class commercial bank”
       by centering on the twelve-word operation policy and the four strategic priorities, the Group deeply
       implemented its operating strategy by taking the assets with low sensitivity to economic cycle as ballast
       stone to practice financial services for good and lead finance for good. Through intelligent operation to
       promote high-quality development, the Group achieved coordinated development of scale, efficiency and
       quality, and maintained a steady and sound trend of business development.

       Steady increase of business scale. As at the end of the reporting period, total assets of the Group
       amounted to RMB3,143.879 billion, representing an increase of RMB521.949 billion or 19.91% as
       compared to that at the end of last year. The Group actively responded to support the development of
       the real economy by increasing its credit allocation in key areas such as manufacturing, green and small
       and micro sectors. At the end of the reporting period, total loans and advances to customers amounted
       to RMB1,716.240 billion, representing an increase of RMB191.210 billion or 12.54% as compared to
       that at the end of last year. At the end of the reporting period, due to optimization of liability quality
       management and the balanced development of the amount and pricing of deposits, customer deposits
       amounted to RMB1,868.659 billion, representing an increase of RMB187.216 billion or 11.13% as
       compared to that at the end of last year.

       Stable growth of operating efficiencies. With focus on the expansion of revenue in the “321” direction,
       the smart operating capacity is constantly improving. During the reporting period, operating income of
       the Group amounted to RMB63.764 billion, representing an increase of RMB2.612 billion or 4.27% as
       compared to that of last year, of which net interest income amounted to RMB47.528 billion, representing
       an increase of RMB0.466 billion or 0.99% as compared to that of last year, and net non-interest income
       amounted to RMB16.236 billion, representing an increase of RMB2.146 billion or 15.23% as compared
       to that of last year. Net profit attributable to shareholders of the Bank amounted to RMB15.048 billion,
       representing an increase of RMB1.430 billion or 10.50% as compared to that of last year.

       Positive trend in asset quality. Making prudent and reasonable provision for impairment and improving
       risk-resistance capacity. As at the end of the reporting period, the non-performing loan ratio was 1.44%,
       representing a decrease of 0.03 percentage point as compared to that at the end of last year; allowance
       to non-performing loan ratio was 182.60%, representing an increase of 0.41 percentage point as
       compared to that at the end of last year; the allowance to total loans ratio was 2.63%, representing a
       decrease of 0.04 percentage point as compared to that at the end of last year.
028   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis


                Slight increase of capital adequacy ratio. The core tier-one capital has been effectively supplemented
                upon A Share Rights Issue and H Share Rights Issue were completed in full. As at the end of the
                reporting period, the capital adequacy ratio of the Group amounted to 12.19%, representing an increase
                of 0.59 percentage point as compared with that at the end of last year. The tier-one capital adequacy
                ratio amounted to 9.52%, representing a decrease of 0.02 percentage point as compared with that at
                the end of last year, and the core tier-one capital adequacy ratio amounted to 8.22%, representing an
                increase of 0.17 percentage point as compared with that at the end of last year.

      (III)     Analysis of Financial Statements
      1.        Analysis of consolidated statement of profit or loss
                During the reporting period, the Group realized operating income of RMB63.764 billion, increased by
                4.27% as compared to that of last year, including, among others, net interest income of RMB47.528
                billion, increased by 0.99% as compared to that of last year, and net non-interest income of RMB16.236
                billion, increased by 15.23% as compared to that of last year. Operating expense was RMB20.159 billion,
                increased by 14.10% as compared to that of last year; cost-to-income ratio was 30.43%, increased
                by 2.66 percentage points as compared to that of last year. Provision for expected credit losses was
                RMB26.113 billion, decreased by 5.57% as compared to that of last year. The income tax expense was
                RMB1.999 billion, increased by 8.52% as compared to that of last year. The net profit attributable to
                shareholders of the Bank of RMB15.048 billion, increased by 10.50% as compared to that of last year;
                the return on average total assets was 0.54% and the return on average equity was 9.42%.

                Changes of the main items in the consolidated statement of profit or loss

                                                                                    In RMB million, except percentages
                                                                                         Amount of          Increase
                                                                                           increase       (decrease)
                Item                                       2023              2022        (decrease)              (%)


                Net interest income                      47,528            47,062               466             0.99
                Net non-interest income                  16,236            14,090             2,146            15.23
                Operating income                         63,764            61,152             2,612             4.27
                Less: operating expenses                 20,159            17,668             2,491            14.10
                Less: expected credit losses             26,113            27,653            (1,540)           (5.57)
                Profit before taxation                   17,492            15,831             1,661            10.49
                Less: income tax expense                  1,999             1,842               157             8.52
                Net profit                               15,493            13,989             1,504            10.75
                Attributable to:
                  Shareholders of the Bank               15,048            13,618             1,430            10.50
                  Non-controlling interests                 445               371                74            19.95
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2023   029




                                                       Management Discussion and Analysis


(1)   Net interest income
      During the reporting period, net interest income was RMB47.528 billion, representing an increase of
      RMB466 million or 0.99% as compared to that of last year, accounting for 74.54% of operating income.
      Interest income was RMB110.253 billion, representing an increase of RMB8.270 billion or 8.11% as
      compared to that of last year; interest expense was RMB62.725 billion, representing an increase of
      RMB7.804 billion or 14.21% as compared to that of last year.

      During the reporting period, net interest spread and net interest margin were 1.81% and 2.01%,
      respectively, representing a decrease of 21 and 20 basis points as compared to that of last year,
      respectively. The main reasons for the change in net interest spread and net interest margin were as
      follows: multiple regulatory measures were taken to reduce corporate comprehensive financing costs,
      and the Group actively implemented the requirements of the policy to help the enterprises to alleviate
      their difficulties and stabilize the economy, and continued to provide benefits for the real economy,
      thus the yield on interest-earning assets decreased by 21 basis points as compared to that of last year;
      meanwhile, the Group continued to optimize the debt structure, reduce the costs of deposits, and
      effectively realized balanced development of the volume and price of deposits, thus the cost of interest-
      bearing liabilities remained flat as compared to that of last year.

      Average yields on interest-earning assets and average costs of interest-bearing liabilities

                                                                                   In RMB million, except percentages
                                                       2023                                     2022
                                            Average     Interest   Average yield    Average      Interest   Average yield
      Item                                  balance      income             (%)     balance      income              (%)

      Interest-earning assets
      Loans and advances to customers      1,653,319    80,595              4.87   1,471,374     75,352             5.12
      Investments(1)                         705,914    24,445              3.46     567,315     22,076             3.89
      Due from banks and other
        financial institutions(2)           141,766       3,131             2.21    156,634        2,526            1.61
      Balances with central bank(3)         146,965       2,082             1.42    140,201        2,029            1.45

      Total interest-earning assets        2,647,964   110,253              4.16   2,335,524    101,983             4.37

                                                       2023                                     2022
                                            Average     Interest   Average cost     Average      Interest   Average cost
      Item                                  balance    expense              (%)     balance     expense              (%)

      Interest-bearing liabilities
      Customer deposits                    1,771,103    39,679              2.24   1,606,141     36,714             2.29
      Due to banks and other
        financial institutions(4)           468,922     12,023              2.56    357,732        8,097            2.26
      Due to central bank                    64,774      1,549              2.39     57,327        1,526            2.66
      Debt securities issued(5)             357,317      9,328              2.61    315,881        8,445            2.67
      Lease liabilities                       3,281        146              4.45      3,002          139            4.63

      Total interest-bearing liabilities   2,665,397    62,725              2.35   2,340,083     54,921             2.35

      Net interest income                               47,528                                   47,062
      Net interest spread                                                   1.81                                    2.02
      Net interest margin(6)                                                2.01                                    2.21
030   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis


                Notes:

                (1)    including financial assets measured at amortized cost, financial assets measured at fair value through other
                       comprehensive income and finance lease receivables.

                (2)    including deposits with banks and other financial institutions, placements with banks and other financial
                       institutions, and financial assets purchased under resale agreements.

                (3)    including statutory deposit reserves, surplus deposit reserves, foreign exchange deposit reserves and fiscal
                       deposits.

                (4)    including deposits from banks and other financial institutions, placements from banks and other financial
                       institutions, and financial assets sold under repurchase agreements.

                (5)    including issued inter-bank certificates of deposits, financial bonds and subordinated bonds, etc.

                (6)    Net interest margin: the income generated from the business of financial assets measured at fair value through
                       profit or loss was not classified as interest income categorized by accounting item, and its corresponding
                       interest-bearing liabilities and interest expense shall be adjusted accordingly.

                Analysis of changes in interest income and interest expense

                                                                                                                        In RMB million
                                                                            Comparison between 2023 and 2022
                                                                     Factors for increase (decrease)       Net increase
                Item                                                      Volume(1)       Interest rate(2) (decrease)(3)


                Interest-earning assets
                Loans and advances to customers                                9,318                   (4,075)                 5,243
                Investments                                                    5,393                   (3,024)                 2,369
                Due from banks and other
                  financial institutions                                        (240)                     845                    605
                Balances with central bank                                        98                       (45)                   53
                Changes in interest income                                    14,569                   (6,299)                 8,270


                Interest-bearing liabilities
                Customer deposits                                              3,771                     (806)                 2,965
                Due to banks and other
                  financial institutions                                       2,517                    1,409                  3,926
                Due to central bank                                              198                     (175)                    23
                Debt securities issued                                         1,108                     (225)                   883
                Lease liabilities                                                 13                        (6)                    7
                Changes in interest expense                                    7,607                      197                  7,804
                Net Changes in interest income                                 6,962                   (6,496)                   466
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2023   031




                                                        Management Discussion and Analysis


      Notes:

      (1)   Change in volume represents the average balance for the reporting period minus the average balance for the
            previous year, multiplied by the average yield or average interest-bearing rate for the previous year.

      (2)   Change in interest rate represents the average yield or average interest-bearing rate for the reporting period
            minus the average yield or average interest-bearing rate for the previous year, multiplied by the average balance
            for the reporting period.

      (3)   Net increase or decrease represents interest income (expense) for the reporting period minus interest income
            (expense) for the previous year.


(2)   Interest income
      Interest income from loans and advances to customers
      Interest income from loans and advances to customers was RMB80.595 billion, increased by RMB5.243
      billion or 6.96% as compared to last year, mainly due to the increase in the size of loans. The Group
      adhered to the origin of financial services for the real economy, increased credit investment in retail,
      small loan and supply chain finance, etc, and intensified its development in our stronghold in Zhejiang
      Province. During the reporting period, the average daily balance of loans and advances to customers was
      RMB1.65 trillion, representing an increase of 12.37% as compared with last year.

      Analysis of average income from loans and advances to customers by business type

                                                                                     In RMB million, except percentages
                                                         2023                                       2022
                                           Average        Interest   Average yield     Average       Interest   Average yield
                                           balance         income             (%)      balance        income             (%)


      Corporate loans and advances       1,094,198         51,687             4.72     987,998        48,136            4.87
      Personal loans and advances          441,883         26,332             5.96     382,280        24,731            6.47
      Discounted bills                     117,238          2,576             2.20     101,096         2,485            2.46


      Total loans and advances to
        customers                        1,653,319         80,595             4.87   1,471,374        75,352            5.12


      Interest income from investments
      Interest income from investments was RMB24.445 billion, increased by RMB2.369 billion or 10.73% as
      compared to that of last year, mainly due to the increase in the average daily balance of investments of
      24.43% as compared with last year.
032   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis


      (3)       Interest expenses
                Interest expenses on customer deposits
                Interest expenses on customer deposits amounted to RMB39.679 billion, representing an increase
                of RMB2.965 billion or 8.08% as compared to that of last year, primarily due to the increased size
                of customer deposits. The Group expanded customer base through digitalization and channelization,
                enhanced customer stickiness, and managed to stabilize and increase deposits. As at the end of the
                reporting period, the average daily balance of customer deposits was RMB1.77 trillion, representing an
                increase of 10.27% as compared to that of last year; the average cost of customer deposits during the
                reporting period was 2.24%, representing a decrease of 5 basis points as compared to that of last year.

                Interest expense on customer deposits

                                                                                               In RMB million, except percentages
                                                                    2023                                      2022
                                                      Average        Interest   Average cost    Average         Interest   Average cost
                                                      balance      expenses              (%)    balance       expenses              (%)


                Corporate deposits and
                  other deposits(1)
                Time                                  934,897         24,343            2.60     873,987        23,479             2.69
                Demand                                595,299          9,385            1.58     554,874         8,737             1.57
                Sub-total                           1,530,196         33,728            2.20   1,428,861        32,216             2.25


                Personal deposits
                Time                                  188,108          5,789            3.08     121,259          4,161            3.43
                Demand                                 52,799            162            0.31      56,021            337            0.60
                Sub-total                             240,907          5,951            2.47     177,280          4,498            2.54


                Total                               1,771,103         39,679            2.24   1,606,141        36,714             2.29

                Note:

                (1)     Other deposits include remittance payables, temporary deposits and outward remittance, etc.


                Interest expenses on due to banks and other financial institutions
                Interest expense on due to banks and other financial institutions amounted to RMB12.023 billion,
                representing an increase of RMB3.926 billion or 48.49% as compared to that of last year, primarily due
                to the increase in amount due to banks and other financial institutions, and the increase in cost due to
                the impact of foreign currency market interest rate.
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2023   033




                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis


(4)   Net non-interest income
      During the reporting period, the Group laid the assets with low sensitivity to economic cycle as a ballast
      stone, further promoted the development of green intermediate income business, and sought synergetic
      development of all five segments. Net non-interest income amounted to RMB16.236 billion, representing
      an increase of RMB2.146 billion or 15.23% as compared to that of last year. Specifically, the net fee and
      commission income was RMB5.040 billion, representing an increase of RMB249 million as compared to
      that of last year, while other net non-interest income was RMB11.196 billion, representing an increase of
      RMB1.897 billion as compared to that of last year.

      Net fee and commission income

                                                                            In RMB million, except percentages
                                                                                   Amount of          Increase
                                                                                     increase       (decrease)
      Item                                               2023            2022      (decrease)              (%)


      Agency and entrustment service                    1,849           1,802              47              2.61
      Commitment and guarantee service                  1,435           1,315             120              9.13
      Underwriting and consultation service             1,076             947             129             13.62
      Settlement and clearing service                     725             628              97             15.45
      Custodian and fiduciary service                     594             531              63             11.86
      Fee from bank cards                                 211             217              (6)            (2.76)
      Others                                              253              81             172            212.35
      Fee and commission income                         6,143           5,521             622             11.27
      Less: fee and commission expense                  1,103             730             373             51.10
      Net fee and commission income                     5,040           4,791             249              5.20

      Net fee and commission income was RMB5.040 billion, representing an increase of RMB249 million or
      5.20% as compared to that of last year. Among which, fee income from underwriting and consultation
      service was RMB1.076 billion, representing an increase of RMB129 million as compared to that of
      last year, primarily due to the increased scale of the bond underwriting business; fee income from
      commitment and guarantee service was RMB1.435 billion, representing an increase of RMB120 million
      as compared to that of last year, primarily due to the increased scale of the guarantee commitment
      business; fee income from settlement and clearing service was RMB725 million, representing an increase
      of RMB97 million as compared to that of last year, primarily due to the increased scale of the settlement
      service.
034   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis


                Other net non-interest income

                                                                                     In RMB million, except percentages
                                                                                           Amount of         Increase
                                                                                             increase      (decrease)
                Item                                              2023            2022     (decrease)             (%)


                Net trading gains                                7,396           6,590             806          12.23
                Net gains on financial investments               2,664           2,008             656          32.67
                Other operating income                           1,136             701             435          62.05
                Total                                           11,196           9,299           1,897          20.40

                Other net non-interest income was RMB11.196 billion, representing an increase of RMB1.897 billion or
                20.40% as compared to that of last year, primarily due to revenue from financial assets held for trading
                increased as compared to that of last year as the Group strengthened its analysis of financial market
                conditions and optimized its position structure.

      (5)       Operating expenses
                                                                                     In RMB million, except percentages
                                                                                           Amount of
                                                                                             increase      Increase
                Item                                              2023            2022     (decrease) (decrease)(%)


                Staff costs                                     12,500          10,896           1,604          14.72
                General and administrative expenses              4,631           4,076             555          13.62
                Depreciation and amortization                    1,895           1,736             159           9.16
                Tax and surcharges                                 755             685              70          10.22
                Others                                             378             275             103          37.45
                Total                                           20,159          17,668           2,491          14.10

                Operating expenses amounted to RMB20.159 billion, representing an increase of RMB2.491 billion or
                14.10% as compared to last year, primarily due to that the Group deepened the implementation of the
                four strategic focuses, strengthened the building of financial technology and retail talent teams, and
                promoted the rational layout of branches. Meanwhile, the Group continued to strengthen the refined
                management of expenses, intensified the concept of cost sharing, and cultivated the awareness of cost
                saving.
                                                                                               Annual Report 2023   035




                                                   Management Discussion and Analysis


(6)   Expected credit losses
                                                                                                In RMB million
      Item                                                                        2023                   2022


      Deposits with banks and other financial institutions                          (6)                      8
      Placements with banks and other financial institutions                      (215)                   165
      Financial assets purchased under resale agreements                            19                     (11)
      Loans and advances to customers                                           14,482                 17,245
      Financial investments                                                     11,329                 12,611
      Finance lease receivables                                                    551                    500
      Off-balance sheet items                                                     (316)                (3,116)
      Other assets                                                                 269                    251
      Total                                                                     26,113                 27,653


(7)   Income tax expenses
      The income tax expenses were RMB1.999 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of RMB157
      million or 8.52%, and the effective tax rate was 11.43%. For the reconciliation statement of the income
      tax expenses calculated at statutory tax rate and the actual income tax expenses, please see “Note VI to
      Financial Statements – 10 Income Tax Expense”.

(8)   Segment information
      Segment operating results by business line

                                                                           In RMB million, except percentages
                                                           2023                           2022
      Item                                            Amount    Proportion           Amount    Proportion


      Corporate banking                                35,482          55.65          32,490            53.13
      Retail banking                                   13,416          21.04          13,141            21.49
      Treasury operations                              12,404          19.45          13,357            21.84
      Others                                            2,462           3.86           2,164             3.54
      Total operating income                           63,764         100.00          61,152           100.00

      Segment operating results by geographic region

                                                                           In RMB million, except percentages
                                                           2023                           2022
      Item                                            Amount    Proportion           Amount    Proportion


      Yangtze River Delta Region                       34,814          54.60          33,460            54.72
      Bohai Rim Region                                 11,064          17.35          10,508            17.18
      Pearl River Delta and Economic
        Zone on the Western Coast of the
        Taiwan Straits                                  6,680          10.48           5,905             9.66
      Midwestern China Region                          11,206          17.57          11,279            18.44
      Total operating income                           63,764         100.00          61,152           100.00

      For details of business segment and regional division, please see “Note VIII to Financial Statements –
      Segment Reporting”.
036   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis


      2.        Analysis on Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
      (1)       Assets
                As at the end of the reporting period, total assets of the Group amounted to RMB3,143.879 billion,
                representing an increase of RMB521.949 billion or 19.91% as compared to that at the end of last
                year, of which net loans and advances to customers amounted to RMB1,673.272 billion, representing
                an increase of RMB186.981 billion or 12.58% as compared to that at the end of last year. Financial
                investments amounted to RMB1,000.637 billion, representing an increase of RMB248.788 billion or
                33.09% as compared to that at the end of last year. In terms of the structure, net loans and advances
                to customers accounted for 53.22% of total assets, decreased by 3.47 percentage points as compared
                to that at the end of last year, and the financial investments accounted for 31.83%, increased by 3.16
                percentage points as compared to that at the end of last year.

                Assets utilization

                                                                                                  In RMB million, except percentages
                                                                        December 31, 2023                    December 31, 2022
                                                                                  Proportion                            Proportion
                Item                                                    Amount            (%)                Amount            (%)


                Total loans and advances to customers                 1,716,240                            1,525,030
                Less: allowance for ECLs of loans(1)                     42,968                               38,739
                Net loans and advances to customers                   1,673,272               53.22        1,486,291               56.69
                Financial investments(2)                              1,000,637               31.83          751,849               28.67
                Cash and balances with central bank                     164,723                5.24          185,625                7.08
                Precious metals                                           9,756                0.31           13,860                0.53
                Due from banks and other financial
                  institutions(3)                                        154,025                4.90           68,928                2.63
                Other assets                                             141,466                4.50          115,377                4.40


                Total assets                                          3,143,879              100.00        2,621,930              100.00

                Notes:

                (1)    Allowance for ECL of loans represents allowance made for the loss of loans and advances to customers
                       measured at amortized cost.

                (2)    The financial investments include financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, financial assets measured at
                       amortized cost and financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income.

                (3)    Due from banks and other financial institutions include deposits with banks and other financial institutions,
                       placements with banks and other financial institutions and financial assets purchased under resale agreements.
                                                                                           Annual Report 2023   037




                                             Management Discussion and Analysis


Loans and advances to customers
The Group actively implemented the plans of the CPC Central Committee, the State Council and the
regulatory authorities in relation to serving the real economy, adhered to the origin of financial services
for the real economy, continued to strengthen high quality financial services to key areas and industries
supported by the State, and intensified its development in our stronghold in Zhejiang Province. As
at the end of the reporting period, total loans and advances to customers of the Group amounted to
RMB1,716.240 billion, representing an increase of RMB191.210 billion or 12.54% as compared to that at
the end of last year.

Loans and advances to customers structure by business type

                                                                       In RMB million, except percentages
                                                December 31, 2023               December 31, 2022
                                                          Proportion                       Proportion
Item                                            Amount            (%)           Amount            (%)


Corporate loans and advances                  1,128,170            65.74         987,079            64.73
Discounted bills                                102,195             5.95         112,374             7.37
Personal loans and advances                     476,692            27.78         417,881            27.40
Changes in fair value through other
   comprehensive income                            1,417            0.08           2,605              0.17
Interest accrued                                   7,766            0.45           5,091              0.33


Total                                         1,716,240           100.00       1,525,030           100.00


Corporate loans and advances
While continuously improving its customer service capabilities and customer acquisition capabilities,
the Group actively follows and responds to the key trends and the national policies in order to capture
opportunities. The Group has accelerated the grant of loans in less cyclical industries and devoted more
efforts to improve the coverage and asset investment of high-quality customers, comprehensively created
its advantages in characteristic financial services in supply chain. As at the end of the reporting period,
total corporate loans and advances amounted to RMB1,128.17 billion, representing an increase of
14.29% as compared to that at the end of last year.

Personal loans and advances
The wealth management business of the Group focused on new launch of digital application, with a
collaborative development of customer, product, and sale, stimulated the momentum of retail wealth,
expanded scenario financial and mortgage around household debt, strengthened cross line collaboration
and linkage, continued to optimise the structure of personal loans and promoted the growth of the
personal loan business. As at the end of the reporting period, total personal loans and advances
amounted to RMB476.692 billion, representing an increase of 14.07% as compared to that at the end of
last year.
038   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis


                Financial investments
                The Group made better use of capital and optimized investment portfolio and structure on the basis
                of ensuring liquidity and risk control. As at the end of the reporting period, total financial investments
                amounted to RMB1,000.637 billion, representing an increase of 33.09% as compared to that at the end
                of last year.

                Financial investment composition

                                                                                      In RMB million, except percentages
                                                               December 31, 2023               December 31, 2022
                                                                         Proportion                       Proportion
                Item                                           Amount            (%)           Amount            (%)


                Fund investments                                147,430           14.73         126,128           16.78
                Bond investments                                760,103           75.96         546,824           72.73
                Trust schemes and asset
                   management plans                             104,798           10.47          84,114           11.19
                Other financial investments                       5,869            0.59           6,624            0.88
                Interest accrued                                 10,155            1.02           9,207            1.22
                Allowance for ECLs                              (27,718)          (2.77)        (21,048)          (2.80)


                Total                                         1,000,637          100.00         751,849          100.00

                Note: Other financial investments include equity investments, other debt instruments and wealth management
                      products.
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2023   039




                                                      Management Discussion and Analysis


(2)   Liabilities
      As at the end of the reporting period, total liabilities of the Group amounted to RMB2,954.302 billion,
      representing an increase of RMB498.302 billion or 20.29% as compared to that at the end of last year.

      Liabilities Composition

                                                                                 In RMB million, except percentages
                                                         December 31, 2023                 December 31, 2022
                                                                   Proportion                         Proportion
      Item                                               Amount            (%)             Amount            (%)


      Due to central bank                                119,915              4.06           97,170              3.96
      Customer deposits                                1,868,659             63.25        1,681,443             68.46
      Due to banks and other
        financial institutions                            508,441            17.21          312,035             12.71
      Debt securities issued                              395,938            13.40          323,033             13.15
      Others                                               61,349             2.08           42,319              1.72


      Total liabilities                                2,954,302            100.00        2,456,000           100.00

      Note: Due to banks and other financial institutions include deposits from banks and other financial institutions,
            placements from banks and other financial institutions, and financial assets sold under purchase agreements.


      Customer deposits
      The Group continuously enhanced the management of debt quality and actively responded to the
      changes in market demand to continuously optimize the deposit structure and maintain steady growth
      in volume while continuously reducing interest rates. As at the end of the reporting period, balance
      of customer deposits of the Group amounted to RMB1,868.659 billion, representing an increase of
      RMB187.216 billion or 11.13% as compared to that at the end of last year. With respect to customer
      structure, corporate deposits increased by RMB122.600 billion or 8.49%; and personal deposits
      increased by RMB56.029 billion or 26.24%. With respect to term structures, time deposits increased by
      RMB150.352 billion or 15.33%; and demand deposits increased by RMB28.277 billion or 4.18%.
040   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis


                Structure of our customer deposits by business type
                                                                                  In RMB million, except percentages
                                                             December 31, 2023              December 31, 2022
                                                                       Proportion                      Proportion
                Item                                         Amount            (%)          Amount            (%)


                Corporate deposits
                  Demand                                      653,026          34.95        614,537           36.55
                  Time                                        914,175          48.92        830,064           49.37


                Sub-total                                   1,567,201          83.87      1,444,601           85.92


                Personal deposits
                  Demand                                       52,363           2.80         62,575            3.72
                  Time                                        217,157          11.62        150,916            8.97


                Sub-total                                     269,520          14.42        213,491           12.69


                Other deposits                                  4,170           0.22          1,297            0.08


                Interest accrued                               27,768           1.49         22,054            1.31


                Total                                       1,868,659         100.00      1,681,443         100.00


      (3)       Shareholder’s equity
                As at the end of the reporting period, equity attributable to shareholders of the Bank amounted to
                RMB186.245 billion in total, representing an increase of RMB23.312 billion or 14.31% as compared to
                that at the end of last year. Please see “Financial Statements – Consolidated Statement of Changes in
                Shareholders’ Equity”.
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2023   041




                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis



(IV) Analysis of Loan Quality
1.    Loans distribution by risk classification
                                                                            In RMB million, except percentages
                                                      December 31, 2023               December 31, 2022
                                                                Percentage                        Percentage
      Item                                            Amount            (%)           Amount             (%)


      Pass                                          1,647,378            96.43      1,458,410              95.63
      Special mention                                  35,083             2.05         36,571               2.40
      Non-performing                                   24,596             1.44         22,353               1.47
        Substandard                                    13,956             0.82         11,399               0.75
        Doubtful                                        7,479             0.44          8,334               0.55
        Loss                                            3,161             0.18          2,620               0.17
      Changes in fair value through other
        comprehensive income                             1,417            0.08           2,605              0.17


      Sub-total                                     1,708,474          100.00       1,519,939              99.67
      Interest accrued                                  7,766            N/A            5,091               0.33


      Total loans and advances to customers         1,716,240             N/A       1,525,030            100.00

      The loan quality of our Group was kept at a stable level. As at the end of the reporting period, according
      to the risk classification of the supervision system, the pass loans amounted to RMB1,647.378 billion,
      representing an increase of RMB188.968 billion as compared with that at the end of last year. Loans
      classified as special mention were RMB35.083 billion, representing a decrease of RMB1.488 billion as
      compared with that at the end of last year, and the percentage of loans classified as special mention
      was 2.05%, representing a decrease of 0.35 percentage point as compared with that at the end of last
      year. The non-performing loans were RMB24.596 billion, representing an increase of RMB2.243 billion
      as compared with that at the end of last year, with a non-performing loan ratio of 1.44%, representing a
      decrease of 0.03 percentage point as compared with that at the end of last year.
042   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis


      2.        Distribution of loans and non-performing loans by business type
                                                                                                 In RMB million, except percentages
                                                           December 31, 2023                                 December 31, 2022
                                                                       Amount         Non-                                Amount          Non-
                                                                        of non- performing                                of non-   performing
                                                 Amount Percentage performing loan ratio       Amount     Percentage performing      loan ratio
                Item                             of loans      (%)        loans        (%)     of loans          (%)        loans          (%)


                Corporate loans                 1,128,170     66.04      15,510       1.37    987,079         64.73       16,105          1.63
                Personal loans                    476,692     27.90       9,086       1.91    417,881         27.40        6,248          1.50
                Discounted bills                  102,195      5.98           –          –    112,374          7.37            –             –
                Changes in fair value through
                  other comprehensive income       1,417       0.08        N/A        N/A        2,605          0.17         N/A           N/A


                Sub-total                       1,708,474    100.00      24,596       1.44   1,519,939        99.67       22,353          1.47
                Interest accrued                    7,766      N/A          N/A       N/A        5,091         0.33          N/A           N/A


                Total loans and advances to
                  customers                     1,716,240       N/A        N/A        N/A    1,525,030       100.00       22,353          1.47

                As at the end of the reporting period, our corporate non-performing loans amounted to RMB15.510
                billion, representing a decrease of RMB595 million as compared with that at the end of last year, with a
                non-performing loan ratio of 1.37%, representing a decrease of 0.26 percentage point as compared with
                that at the end of last year. The personal non-performing loans were RMB9.086 billion, representing an
                increase of RMB2.838 billion as compared with that at the end of last year, with a non-performing loan
                ratio of 1.91%, representing an increase of 0.41 percentage point as compared with that at the end of
                last year.
                                                                                                                               Annual Report 2023      043




                                                                     Management Discussion and Analysis


3.   Distribution of loans and non-performing loans by industry
                                                                                                    In RMB million, except percentages
                                                           December 31, 2023                                     December 31, 2022
                                                                        Amount           Non-                                  Amount          Non-
                                                                         of non-   performing                                  of non-   performing
                                             Amount     Percentage performing       loan ratio     Amount     Percentage performing       loan ratio
     Item                                    of loans           (%)        loans          (%)      of loans           (%)        loans          (%)


     Corporate loans                        1,128,170        66.04        15,510         1.37     987,079         64.73        16,105          1.63
       Leasing and commercial services        240,018        14.05         4,804         2.00     209,367         13.73         5,149          2.46
       Manufacturing                          239,911        14.04         1,971         0.82     216,921         14.22         5,612          2.59
       Wholesale and retail trade             201,420        11.79         1,925         0.96     167,816         11.00         1,478          0.88
       Real estate                            177,749        10.40         4,408         2.48     166,827         10.94         2,770          1.66
       Construction                            68,798         4.03           816         1.19      50,662          3.32           572          1.13
       Administration of water
         conservancy, environment and
         public facilities                    63,377          3.71           15          0.02      63,103           4.14           12          0.02
       Financing                              19,593          1.15            –             –      18,259           1.20           28          0.15
       Accommodation and Catering             15,328          0.90          195          1.27      12,074           0.79           93          0.77
       Transportation, storage and postal
         service                              15,144          0.89         1,029         6.79      13,232           0.87           40          0.30
       Mining                                 14,757          0.86             –            –       8,483           0.56           91          1.07
       Electricity, heat, gas and water
         production and supply                12,835          0.75            37         0.29      14,294          0.94            37          0.26
       Others(1)                              59,240          3.47           310         0.52      46,041          3.02           223          0.48
     Personal loans                          476,692         27.90         9,086         1.91     417,881         27.40         6,248          1.50
     Discounted bills                        102,195          5.98             –            –     112,374          7.37             –             –
     Changes in fair value through
       other comprehensive income              1,417          0.08          N/A           N/A        2,605          0.17          N/A           N/A


     Sub-total                              1,708,474       100.00        24,596         1.44    1,519,939        99.67        22,353          1.47
     Interest accrued                           7,766         N/A            N/A         N/A         5,091         0.33           N/A           N/A


     Total loans and advances to
       customers                            1,716,240         N/A           N/A           N/A    1,525,030       100.00        22,353          1.47

     Note:

     (1)     Others include various industries such as public administration and social organization; culture, sports and
             entertainment; information transmission, computer service and software; agriculture, forestry, animal husbandry
             and fishery; household services and other services; scientific research, technology services and geological
             exploration; education; health, social security and social welfare.


     In 2023, the Group adhered to a prudent and cautious risk culture, was committed to serving the real
     economy, persisted in the finance for good, improved investment and research capabilities, strengthened
     the guidance of credit-granting, optimized asset allocation, enhanced customer bases, continued to build
     the “assets with low sensitivity to economic cycle” as a ballast stone, and comprehensively optimized the
     structure of credit assets.
044   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis


      4.        Distribution of loans and non-performing loans by geographic region
                                                                                                  In RMB million, except percentages
                                                            December 31, 2023                                 December 31, 2022
                                                                        Amount         Non-                                Amount          Non-
                                                                         of non- performing                                of non-   performing
                                                  Amount Percentage performing loan ratio       Amount     Percentage performing      loan ratio
                Item                              of loans       (%)       loans        (%)     of loans           (%)       loans          (%)


                Yangtze River Delta Region        903,104      52.86      10,589       1.17    843,069         55.29       11,058          1.31
                Midwestern China Region           333,316      19.51       4,541       1.36    281,109         18.43        5,341          1.90
                Bohai Rim Region                  269,494      15.78       5,505       2.04    222,300         14.58        4,566          2.05
                Pearl River Delta and Economic
                  Zone on the Western Coast of
                  the Taiwan Straits              201,143      11.77       3,961       1.97    170,856         11.20        1,388          0.81
                Changes in fair value through
                  other comprehensive income        1,417       0.08        N/A        N/A        2,605          0.17         N/A           N/A


                Sub-total                        1,708,474    100.00      24,596       1.44   1,519,939        99.67       22,353          1.47
                Interest accrued                     7,766      N/A          N/A       N/A        5,091         0.33          N/A           N/A


                Total loans and advances to
                  customers                      1,716,240       N/A        N/A        N/A    1,525,030       100.00       22,353          1.47

                As at the end of the reporting period, the region where the Group incurred a relatively large volume
                of non-performing loans was the Yangtze River Delta Region. Based on a continuous tracking of
                the development trends in the macro economy and the industry, and taking into account economic
                characters of various regions, the Group continued to optimize the regional credit allocation to enhance
                the competitiveness of key regions, actively prevent regional risks and support regional development.
                                                                                                                Annual Report 2023     045




                                                           Management Discussion and Analysis


5.   Distribution of loans and non-performing loans by security type
                                                                                      In RMB million, except percentages
                                                December 31, 2023                                 December 31, 2022
                                                            Amount         Non-                                Amount          Non-
                                                             of non- performing                                of non-   performing
                                      Amount Percentage performing loan ratio       Amount     Percentage performing      loan ratio
     Item                             of loans       (%)       loans        (%)     of loans           (%)       loans          (%)


     Mortgage loans                   752,103      44.02      14,309       1.90    675,821         44.32       10,750          1.59
     Pledged loans                     61,147       3.58         320       0.52     72,303          4.74          931          1.29
     Guaranteed loans                 326,813      19.13       4,316       1.32    289,524         18.98        6,498          2.24
     Unsecured loans                  464,799      27.21       5,651       1.22    367,312         24.09        4,174          1.14
     Discounted bills                 102,195       5.98           –          –    112,374          7.37            –             –
     Changes in fair value through
       other comprehensive income       1,417       0.08        N/A        N/A        2,605          0.17         N/A           N/A


     Sub-total                       1,708,474    100.00      24,596       1.44   1,519,939        99.67       22,353          1.47
     Interest accrued                    7,766      N/A          N/A       N/A        5,091         0.33          N/A           N/A


     Total loans and advances to
       customers                     1,716,240       N/A        N/A        N/A    1,525,030       100.00       22,353          1.47

     The secured loan structure of the Group basically remained stable. As at the end of the reporting period,
     the mortgage loans had a relatively high percentage; the mortgage loans balance was RMB752.103
     billion, representing an increase of RMB76.282 billion compared with that at the end of last year; the
     balance of non-performing loans among mortgage loans was RMB14.309 billion, with the non-performing
     loan ratio of 1.90%, representing an increase of 0.31 percentage point compared with that at the end of
     last year.
046   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis


      6.        Top ten borrowers
                                                                                        In RMB million, except percentages
                Top ten borrowers                    Industry                                Amount       Percentage (%)
                A                                    Real estate                               6,378                0.37
                B                                    Mining                                    4,045                0.24
                C                                    Real estate                               4,000                0.23
                D                                    Leasing and commercial services           3,880                0.23
                E                                    Real estate                               3,520                0.21
                F                                    Real estate                               3,055                0.18
                G                                    Leasing and commercial services           3,038                0.18
                H                                    Manufacturing                             2,723                0.16
                I                                    Manufacturing                             2,653                0.16
                J                                    Real estate                               2,403                0.14


                Total                                                                         35,694                2.09

                As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of loans to the single largest borrower of the Group
                was RMB6.378 billion, representing 2.69% of the Group’s net capital. The total loans to our top ten
                single borrowers amounted to RMB35.694 billion, representing 15.06% of the net capital of the Group.

      7.        Overdue loans
                                                                                        In RMB million, except percentages
                                                                December 31, 2023               December 31, 2022
                Overdue period                                  Amount Percentage (%)           Amount     Percentage (%)


                Overdue by 1 day to 90 days                       8,271          0.49            12,305              0.81
                Overdue by 90 days to one year                   12,813          0.75            10,075              0.66
                Overdue by one year to three years                5,782          0.34             7,196              0.47
                Overdue by more than three years                    920          0.05               366              0.02


                Total                                            27,786          1.63            29,942              1.96

                As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of overdue loans amounted to RMB27.786 billion,
                representing a decrease of RMB2.156 billion as compared with that at the end of last year. Specifically,
                loans overdue by more than 90 days amounted to RMB19.515 billion, representing an increase of
                RMB1.878 billion as compared with that at the end of last year.
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023   047




                                                      Management Discussion and Analysis


8.    Renegotiated loans
      The Group conducted strict and prudent control over loan renegotiation. As at the end of the reporting
      period, total renegotiated loans and advances amounted to RMB3.664 billion, representing an increase
      of RMB3.212 billion as compared with that at the end of last year. Among them, total renegotiated loans
      and advances that were overdue by more than 3 months amounted to RMB1.301 billion, representing an
      increase of RMB1.20 billion as compared with that at the end of last year.

9.    Movements in the expected credit loss (“ECL”) allowance on loans
                                                                                                     In RMB million
      Item                                                                                                Amount


      Balance at the beginning of the year                                                                 40,725
      Charge for the period                                                                                14,482
      Unwinding of discount on allowance for ECLs                                                            (151)
      Write-offs                                                                                           (8,928)
      Transfer out                                                                                         (3,241)
      Recoveries of loans and advances previously written off                                               2,016
      Impact of exchange rate fluctuations                                                                      7


      Balance at the end of the year(1)                                                                    44,910

      Note:

      (1)     Balance at the end of the year includes provision made for the loss of loans and advances to customers
              measured at amortized cost and measured at fair value through other comprehensive income.


(V)   Capital Management
      In accordance with the Administrative Measures for the Capital of Commercial Banks (Trial) (
                                                                                                《商業銀行
      資本管理辦法(試行)》), the measurement range of the Group’s capital adequacy ratio covers credit risk,
      market risk and operational risk. Among them, credit risk-weighted assets were measured by using
      weight method, market risk-weighted assets were measured by using standardized approach, and
      operational risk-weighted assets were measured by using the basic indicator approach.

      As at the end of the reporting period, capital adequacy ratio of the Group was 12.19%, tier-one capital
      adequacy ratio was 9.52%, core tier-one capital adequacy ratio was 8.22%, and leverage ratio was
      4.98%, all of which met regulatory requirements.

      In accordance with the Administrative Measures for the Capital of Commercial Banks (No. 4 Order [2023]
      of National Financial Regulatory Administration) (
                                                      《商業銀行資本管理辦法》(國家金融監督管理總局令2023
      年第4號)), since 1 January 2024, the Group shall meet the capital supervision requirements as the first
      class of commercial bank, as such, credit risk-weighted assets are measured by using weight method,
      market risk-weighted assets and operational risk-weighted assets are measured by using standardized
      approach. The information on the relevant capital adequacy ratio under the Administrative Measures for
      the Capital of Commercial Banks (《商業銀行資本管理辦法》) will be disclosed in subsequent reports.
048   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis


                Capital adequacy ratio (the Group)
                                                                               In RMB million, except percentages
                                                                              December 31,       December 31,
                Item                                                                 2023               2022


                Net core tier-one capital                                          159,789             135,925
                Other tier-one capital                                              25,312              25,253
                Net tier-one capital                                               185,102             161,178
                Tier-two capital                                                    51,856              34,693
                Net capital base                                                   236,958             195,871
                Risk-weighted assets                                             1,943,402           1,689,148
                Core tier-one capital adequacy ratio (%)                              8.22                8.05
                Tier-one capital adequacy ratio (%)                                   9.52                9.54
                Capital adequacy ratio (%)                                           12.19               11.60


                Leverage ratio (the Group)
                                                                               In RMB million, except percentages
                                                                              December 31,       December 31,
                Item                                                                 2023               2022


                Net tier-one capital                                               185,102             161,178
                Adjusted asset balance inside and outside the balance sheet      3,715,031           3,146,094
                Leverage ratio (%)                                                    4.98                5.12
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2023   049




                                                   Management Discussion and Analysis


     As at the end of the reporting period, capital adequacy ratio of the Company was 12.20%, tier-one
     capital adequacy ratio was 9.53%, core tier-one capital adequacy ratio was 8.20%, and leverage ratio
     was 4.90%, all of which met regulatory requirements.

     Capital adequacy ratio (the Company)
                                                                             In RMB million, except percentages
                                                                          December 31,           December 31,
     Item                                                                        2023                   2022


     Net core tier-one capital                                                   153,990               130,881
     Other tier-one capital                                                       24,995                24,995
     Net tier-one capital                                                        178,984               155,876
     Tier-two capital                                                             50,126                33,224
     Net capital base                                                            229,111               189,100
     Risk-weighted assets                                                      1,878,285             1,635,987
     Core tier-one capital adequacy ratio (%)                                       8.20                  8.00
     Tier-one capital adequacy ratio (%)                                            9.53                  9.53
     Capital adequacy ratio (%)                                                    12.20                 11.56


     Leverage ratio (the Company)
                                                                             In RMB million, except percentages
                                                                          December 31,           December 31,
     Item                                                                        2023                   2022


     Net tier-one capital                                                        178,984               155,876
     Adjusted asset balance inside and outside the balance sheet               3,650,203             3,094,666
     Leverage ratio (%)                                                             4.90                  5.04


(VI) Risk Management
1.   Comprehensive risk management system
     Adopting a “prudent and solid” risk appetite and adhering to the principle of “small and diversified”
     credit granting, the Company is committed to serving the real economy with the principle of finance
     for good. We keep improving investment and research capabilities, strengthening the credit-guidance,
     optimizing the asset allocation, strengthening the customer base, and building assets with low sensitivity
     to economic cycle as a ballast stone. The Company also strictly controls the risk of new business and
     accelerates the disposal of existing risk assets to maintain stable asset quality, deepens the application of
     financial technology to improve the digital risk control system. We also strengthen the risk management
     of the whole process and the risk control of key areas, enhance the credit foundation management,
     continue to improve the proactiveness, precision and leadership of risk management, and provide strong
     support for the comprehensive launch of a new journey of high-quality development with the vision of
     being a “first class commercial bank”.
050   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis


                The Board of Directors takes the ultimate responsibility for comprehensive risk management; the
                Supervisory Committee is responsible for supervision of comprehensive risk management; and the Senior
                Management is responsible for implementing comprehensive risk management. The Company establishes
                the position of chief risk officer. The Senior Management has established special committees including
                the Risk Management and Internal Control Committee, Asset and Liability Management Committee, Credit
                Review Committee, Asset Risk Classification Review Committee and Business Continuity Management
                Committee.

                The Risk Management Department at our head office is the coordination department for comprehensive
                risk management and the leading executive department for management of the credit risk, market risk
                (excluding interest rate risk of banking book), country risk and information technology risk. The Asset and
                Liability Management Department at our head office is the leading executive department for management
                of the interest rate risk of banking book and liquidity risk. The Internal Control and Compliance and
                Legal Affairs Department at our head office is the leading executive department for operational risk and
                compliance risk management. The Publicity Department of the Party Committee is the leading executive
                department for reputational risk management. The Development and Planning Department at our head
                office is the leading executive department for strategic risk management.

                The Company assigns risk monitoring officers to certain departments at our head office. Risk monitoring
                officers are responsible for helping leading officers of accrediting departments organize risk management.
                They are independent of such departments and directly report to our head office. They make business
                judgment and report on risk issues independently. The Company assigns to its branches risk monitoring
                officers, who help presidents of such branches organize comprehensive risk management with a focus on
                credit risk management, strengthen the supervision and evaluation of risk management of branches and
                are independent of such branches and directly report to our head office. They make business judgment
                and report on risk issues independently.

      2.        Credit risk management
                Credit risk refers to the risk of the Company suffering from losses due to defaults of debtors or
                counterparties or a decline in their credit. The Company’s credit risk primarily lies in on- and off-balance
                sheet business, including loans, inter-bank lending, bond investments, bill acceptances, letters of credit,
                letters of guarantee, bond holdings and special purpose vehicle investments.

                The objectives of our credit risk management are to control our credit risk within a reasonable range
                acceptable to us and maximize comprehensive benefits across the Bank denominated in local currency
                and adjusted with respect to risks.

                The Company’s credit risk management system consists of the Board of Directors, the Supervisory
                Committee, the Senior Management, the Risk Management and Internal Control Committee, the Credit
                Review Committee of the head office, the Credit Review Committee of the branches, the Credit Review
                Teams of sub-branches, the Risk Management Department of the head office and other credit risk control
                departments, Business Operation and Management Departments, Financial Technology Department,
                Audit Department, branches, sub-branches and subsidiaries. The Senior Management is responsible for
                implementing and organizing the credit risk management as well as the formulation and implementation
                of systems and policies relating to credit risk management.
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2023   051




                                                   Management Discussion and Analysis


      The Company formulates credit policies based on changes in external operating environment, internal
      operating and risk conditions. Such policies expressly set out guidance on certain aspects of our credit
      business, such as customer structure, industry structure, product structure, regional structure and key
      strategic areas. In addition, the Company regularly adjusts its credit policies based on a continuous
      tracking of the development trends in the macro economy and the industry. In the face of the complex
      and volatile economic environment at home and abroad, where opportunities and challenges coexist,
      the Company adheres to a prudent and cautious risk culture, continues to build the “assets with low
      sensitivity to economic cycle” as a ballast stone, insists on taking the real economy as the focus and
      growth point of the business of granting assets, and gives full play to the new competitive advantages
      of integrated synergies among the five business segments, namely, large retail, large corporations,
      large investment banks, large capital management and large cross-border business, and continues to
      push forward on the customer base, effectively applies the “CSGS”, and consolidates the cornerstone
      of the credit business, takes the primary strategy of “deepening development in Zhejiang”, enhance
      the competitiveness of key regions. We insist on intelligent risk control, highlight precise credit risk
      identification and forward-looking prevention and resolution, strictly control new non-performing products,
      and comprehensively optimize the structure of credit assets.

      The Bank classifies its credit assets in accordance with the criteria set forth in the “Measures for
      Classification of Financial Assets Risks of Commercial Banks” (《商業銀行金融資產風險分類辦法》), taking
      into account factors such as the debtor’s ability to perform, financial condition, willingness to repay, and
      repayment record; the risk classification process of the Company’s credit assets implements a five-tiered
      procedure of “initial classification, review, examination, deliberation, and approval”.

(1)   Credit risk management for corporate customers
      The Company conducts a unified credit management of corporate customers, and determines maximum
      comprehensive credit lines and business credit lines for customers based on comprehensive evaluation
      of customers and according to certain standards and procedures.

      The Company strictly complies with relevant regulatory requirements of the former CBIRC and puts
      loans (including trade financing), bill acceptances and discounting, overdrafts, bond investments,
      special purpose vehicle investments, opening letters of credit, factoring, guarantees, loan commitments
      and other businesses where credit risks are essentially borne by the Company under our unified
      credit extension management. In the full coverage of various types of credit businesses, the Company
      continues to improve the credit risk limit indicator system, and reasonably determines limit indicators of
      single corporate customers and group customers.

      The Company continuously enhances the construction of our credit system, formulates a unified credit
      quota management system for our corporate customers, intensifies our comprehensive management and
      unified control of the total credit quota amount of our corporate customers, improves standardized and
      normalized credit approval procedures, authorization system and position risk accountability mechanism,
      adjusts our credit policies in time and takes effective measures to prevent credit risks.

      The Company further improves the concentration risk management, formulates the concentration risk
      management related systems, clarifies the responsibilities allocation and main methods of concentration
      risk management, and continues to promote the construction of concentration risk management.
052   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis


                The Company continuously enhances the management of credit risks related to financing platforms of
                local governments (defined in the Company’s policy as state-owned enterprises in urban construction
                and public services categories; similarly hereinafter), strictly complies with various policies and regulatory
                requirements of the State Council and the Financial Administration on financing platforms of local
                governments, makes dynamic adjustments to credit strategies, and further optimizes the credit business
                structure of financing platforms to prevent credit risks that may arise from local governments’ financing
                platforms; sets credit limits to local governments’ financing platforms and enhances our monitoring and
                management on the credit risks. Focusing on high-risk areas and sensitive debts, the Group cooperated
                with local governments to implement the “one package solution” based on the existing assets, and
                promoted the implementation of local debt risk resolution.

                The Company continuously enhances the management of real estate loan risks. The Company engages
                in real estate related credit business prudently, and adjusts our credit extension orientation for the real
                estate industry in a duly manner according to national policy and industrial operation situation. The
                Company sets credit limits for loans we grant to the customers in the real estate industry and adopts the
                name list system management in a dynamic manner, and continuously adjusts and optimizes the asset
                structure, as well as strengthens the monitoring and management of risks relating to existing loans.

      (2)       Credit risk management for small and micro enterprises
                The Company conducts unified credit extension management for small and micro enterprise customers,
                and integrates all types of credit business of small and micro enterprise customers into our unified credit
                extension management. The Company actively explores a professionalized operating model, continuously
                improves our management system and further combs out and standardizes the procedures and
                requirements for credit extension to gradually cultivate a featured and standard credit extension model of
                the Company.

                The Company continuously strengthens the management of credit risks of small and micro enterprise
                business. In conjunction with regional and business development, it has constructed a differentiated
                control mechanism, optimized the operating procedures of the credit business of small and micro
                enterprises, improved the risk control system in the three segments of pre-credit, credit and post-
                credit, and made use of the big data risk control model to identify, assess and classify the risks, while
                strengthening the risk management requirements and enhancing the proactivity of risk control, so as to
                continuously improve the credit risk management and control system for the credit business of small and
                micro enterprises.

      (3)       Credit risk management for retail customers
                The Company researches and develops personal loan products with stronger risk-resistant capability,
                mainly based on security and supplemented by guaranteed credit, actively builds a credit risk evaluation
                system for personal loans, strictly prevents credit risk and operational risk, formulates differentiated entry
                standards for different customer groups, strengthens the coordination and management of personal
                credit business, and improves the credit risk management mechanism for personal loans. The Company
                will continue to increase its efforts in post-loan management and risk disposal, including post-loan
                monitoring, overdue collection and non-performing disposal, in order to enhance the risk management
                level.
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023   053




                                                    Management Discussion and Analysis


      The Company has established a full-process digital risk management system for credit card (consumer
      finance) business, including pre-credit access, loan monitoring and post-loan warning, and has
      implemented unified credit management for credit card (consumer finance) customers to enrich customer
      profiles and enhance the proactivity of risk prevention and control. Combined with the risk characteristics
      of regions, industries and customer groups, we have formulated differentiated and localized risk control
      management strategies to continuously strengthen the risk management of credit card (consumer
      finance) business.

(4)   Credit risk management for financial institution customers
      The Company includes financial institution customers in unified credit management. The Company has
      formulated unified management measures and relevant operating procedures for the unified line of credit
      of financial institution customers, improved a series of systems and procedures for the investigation,
      examination and approval of unified credit extension to financial institution customers.

      The Company’s business with financial institution customers involving customer credit risk is covered
      in our unified credit extension management. When conducting business, the Company will draw up the
      customers’ credit lines in accordance with relevant policies.

3.    Market risk management
      Market risk refers to the risk of losses of on- and off-balance sheet business arising from unfavorable
      changes in market prices including interest rates, exchange rates, stock prices and commodity prices.
      Market risk can be divided into interest rate risk, exchange rate risk, stock risk and commodity risk. The
      term “market risk” in this section refers specifically to market risk other than interest rate risk of banking
      book (for the interest rate risk of banking book, please refer to the relevant content of “7. Interest rate
      risk management of banking book” below).

      The objectives of our market risk management are to control our market risks within a reasonable range
      acceptable to us and maximize comprehensive benefits across the Bank denominated in local currency
      and adjusted with respect to risks.

      The Company’s market risk management system consists of the Board of Directors, the Supervisory
      Committee, Senior Management, Risk Management and Internal Control Committee, Risk Management
      Department, Capital Operation Center, Audit Department, other departments, as well as branches, sub-
      branches and subsidiaries. The Senior Management is responsible for implementing and organizing the
      market risk management, overseeing the implementation of market risk appetite as well as formulating
      and carrying out relevant systems and policies for market risk management and establishing market risk
      management information system, so as to ensure the Company can effectively identify, measure, monitor
      and control a series of market risks borne by various businesses.

      The market risk measurement methods adopted by the Company include duration analysis, foreign
      exchange exposure analysis, scenario analysis, sensitivity analysis, Value at Risk (VaR) measurement
      etc., and the measures taken by the Company to control market risks include, among others, limit
      management, hedging, reducing risk exposures etc. The Company has established a market risk
      management system pursuant to the relevant measures of the regulatory authority. The Company has
      formulated market risk management policies and procedures applicable to the nature, scale, complexity
      and risk features of its business and aligned such policies and procedures with its overall business
      development strategy, management capabilities, capital strength and overall risk level that can be borne
      by the Company.
054   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis


                The Company regularly updates and improves its market risk appetite and limit management system,
                continues to improve the market risk management systems and market risk measurement systems.
                The Company conducts market risk measurement, monitoring and routine management by using the
                independent market risk management platform. The Company values positions of our trading book on
                a daily basis, continuously monitors non-stop-loss limits and stop-loss limits, and regularly evaluates
                market risks through stress testing and other methods.

      4.        Liquidity risk management
                Liquidity risk refers to the risk of failure to obtain adequate funds in time at reasonable costs to repay
                debts when they are due, perform other payment obligations and meet other capital needs in the ordinary
                course of business. Factors affecting liquidity risks are divided into external factors and internal factors.
                External factors include domestic and foreign financial conditions, macroeconomic regulation policies,
                depth and width of developments of financial markets and the competition status of the banking industry.
                Internal factors include maturities of assets and liabilities, business structures, stability of deposits, and
                market financing capacity and various unexpected events, etc.

                The objectives of our liquidity risk management are to ensure our liquidity needs can be satisfied in time
                at reasonable costs and to control our liquidity risks within a reasonable range acceptable to us.

                The Company’s liquidity risk management system consists of the Board of Directors, the Supervisory
                Committee, Senior Management, Risk Management and Internal Control Committee, Asset and Liability
                Management Committee, Risk Management Department, Asset and Liability Management Department,
                Capital Operation Center, Audit Department, Technology Management Department and other operation
                and management departments of the head office, as well as branches, sub-branches and subsidiaries.
                The Senior Management is responsible for implementing and organizing the liquidity risk management as
                well as the formulation and implementation of relevant systems and policies for liquidity risk management.

                The Company managed the liquidity risk in a centralized manner. By establishing a scientific and
                complete liquidity risk management system, the Company can effectively identify, measure, monitor,
                control and report its liquidity risk, continuously strengthen liquidity risk management, and continue
                to improve the foresight and initiative of liquidity management. Specific measures for liquidity risk
                management include: paying close attention to both domestic and foreign macroeconomic and political
                situations and market liquidity changes, as well as adjusting our asset and liability management strategy
                in a timely manner; strengthening debt management, making flexible use of active debt instruments,
                actively broadening long-term sources of fund, promoting bond issuance and continuously increasing
                the proportion of stable liabilities; driving the diversification of financing channels construction and
                actively expanding financing channels while maintaining good relations with major financing counterparts;
                strengthening the management of high quality liquid assets to ensure that the size of high quality liquid
                assets matches the potential financing needs of the whole bank, and enhance its ability to mitigate
                liquidity risk; strengthening the early-warning monitoring and management of liquidity, optimizing our
                emergency response program for liquidity risk and conducting emergency drills on a regular basis;
                conducting stress tests for liquidity risk on a quarterly basis, identifying weak links in the Company’s
                liquidity risk management based on results of such tests, adjusting liquidity risk management strategies
                if necessary, and modifying our liquidity risk management measures in a timely manner to improve our
                liquidity risk management mechanism.
                                                                                               Annual Report 2023   055




                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis


     As at the end of the reporting period, the Company’s total liquidity ratio of the local currencies and
     foreign currencies was 54.68%. Our liquidity coverage ratio was 169.29%, among which, high quality
     liquid assets amounted to RMB329.261 billion, and the net cash outflows over the next 30 days was
     RMB194.495 billion. The Company’s net stable fund ratio was 106.36%, among which, stable fund
     available was RMB1,661.806 billion and stable fund required was RMB1,562.442 billion.

     As at the end of the reporting period, the Company’s total liquidity ratio of the local currencies and
     foreign currencies was 54.89%. Our liquidity coverage ratio was 166.61%, among which, the high-quality
     liquid assets amounted to RMB329.261 billion, and the net cash outflows over the next 30 days was
     RMB197.624 billion. The relevant information on the net stable fund ratio of the Group in the last two
     quarters was set out below:

                                                         Currency: combined of domestic and foreign currency

                                                                                Stable fund       Stable fund
                                                                                  available          required
                                                              Net stable     (in 100 million   (in 100 million
     Date                                                  fund ratio (%)          of RMB)            of RMB)


     As at December 31, 2023                                      104.89         16,884.41          16,096.82
     As at September 30, 2023                                     101.77         15,824.57          15,549.57


5.   Operational risk management
     Operational risk refers to the risk of losses that may be incurred due to imperfect or problematic internal
     procedures, personnel and information technology systems, as well as external events. Types of incidents
     of losses due to operational risks that the Company may expose to mainly include seven categories,
     i.e. internal fraud, external fraud, employment systems and safety incidents at working places, incidents
     related to clients, products and business activities, damage to real property, incidents related to
     information technology system and incidents related to execution, closing and procedure management.

     The Company’s operational risk management system consists of the Board of Directors, the Supervisory
     Committee, Senior Management, Risk Management and Internal Control Committee, Risk Management
     Department, Internal Control and Compliance and Legal Affairs Department, Audit Department, other
     departments of the head office, as well as branches, sub-branches and subsidiaries. The Senior
     Management is responsible for implementing and organizing the Company’s operational risk management
     as well as formulation and implementation of basic systems and policies of the Bank for operational risk
     management.

     The objectives of our operational risk management are to “control our operational risks within a
     reasonable range acceptable to us and maximize comprehensive benefits of the Bank after risk
     adjustment”. The Company has established an operational risk management system which was matched
     with our business nature, scale and complexity. The Company exercises a whole-process management
     of operational risks, and effectively identifies, evaluates, monitors, controls (mitigates) the operational
     risks by enhancing our internal control as an effective means to operational risk management.
056   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis


                During the reporting period, the Company followed the management principles of “full coverage, clearly
                defined duties, honest reporting and quick response”, adjusted its management strategies and priorities
                in due time according to changes in internal and external financial situations, continued to improve
                its operational risk management systems appropriate to our business nature, size and complexity to
                effectively identify, evaluate, monitor and control (mitigate) operational risks. We actively implemented
                the latest requirements of the State Administration of Financial Supervision on operational risk capital
                measurement and operational risk management, and continued to promote the consultation project on
                capital management of the new operational risk standard law to increase the allocation of operational
                risk management resources; optimized systematic construction in important areas, strengthened the
                operation and maintenance management of the information systems, and enhanced the rigid control and
                service capabilities of these systems; actively prevented and mitigated legal risks, and carried out legal
                publicity and education; improved staff behavior management and launched various business training;
                strengthened safety and security management, and enhanced safety and security work at important
                points by carrying out safety inspections to eliminate potential risks hazards in a timely manner. During
                the reporting period, the Company’s operational risk management systems operated stably and the
                operational risk was generally under control.

      6.        Country risk management
                Country risk refers to the risk incurred due to any economic, political or social change and incident in
                a country or region which results in the borrowers or debtors in such country or region being unable or
                refusing to repay their debts or results in any losses to the business presence of the Company in such
                country or region or any other losses to the Company.

                The objectives of our country risk management are to control our country risk within a reasonable range
                acceptable to us and maximize comprehensive benefits across the Bank denominated in local currency
                and adjusted with respect to risks.

                The Company’s country risk management system consists of the Board of Directors, the Supervisory
                Committee, Senior Management, Risk Management and Internal Control Committee, Risk Management
                Department, Planning and Finance Department, International Business Department, Capital Operation
                Center, Retail Credit Department and other business operation and management departments of the
                head office, Financial Technology Department and Audit Department, as well as branches, sub-branches
                and subsidiaries. The Senior Management is responsible for implementing and organizing the country risk
                management as well as the formulation and implementation of relevant systems and policies for country
                risk management.

                The Company continuously advances the country risk management work pursuant to the relevant
                measures of the regulatory authority. The Company has formulated basic country risk management
                systems, quota management measures and schemes, clarified the organizational structure and division
                of responsibilities, limit framework, management mechanism, etc., with respect to country risk limit
                management, and set the index and threshold of country risk limits. We regularly assess and monitor the
                country risks and make provision for country risks.
                                                                                                Annual Report 2023   057




                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis


7.   Interest rate risk management of banking book
     Interest rate risk in the banking book refers to the risk of losses in the economic value and overall gain
     of the banking book arising from adverse changes in interest rate levels and term structure etc., mainly
     including gap risk, benchmark risk and option risk.

     The objectives of our interest rate risk management of banking book are to control our interest rate
     risk of banking book within a reasonable range acceptable to us and reduce fluctuations in net interest
     income and economic value of banking book to maximize the comprehensive benefits across the Bank.

     The Company’s interest rate risk management system of banking book consists of the Board of
     Directors, the Supervisory Committee, Senior Management, Risk Management and Internal Control
     Committee, Asset and Liability Management Committee, Risk Management Department, Planning and
     Finance Department, Asset and Liability Management Department, Technology Department, Capital
     Operation Center, Audit Department and other operation and management departments of the head
     office, as well as branches, sub-branches and subsidiaries. The Senior Management is responsible
     for implementing the interest rate risk management of banking book, establishing the framework for
     interest rate risk management and the system for measurement of interest rate risk of banking book, and
     promoting the effective implementation of relevant systems and policies for interest rate risk management
     of banking book.

     The Company measures, evaluates and analyzes our interest rate risk of banking book mainly through
     price resetting gap analysis, sensitivity analysis, scenario simulation analysis, stress test etc.. In the
     scenario analysis, the Bank also measures the interest rate risk exposure of the banking book and the
     maturity mismatch of assets and liabilities by taking into account the option risk parameters such as the
     early repayment rate of loans, the early withdrawal rate of time deposits, and the deposit sedimentation
     rate of deposits with no maturity date, and their changes under different scenarios.

     During the reporting period, the Company paid close attention to the macroeconomic environment and
     the market changes, and formulated strategies for interest rate risk management of the banking book by
     taking into account factors such as the risk appetite and risk profile of the Bank, in order to optimize the
     asset and liability structure.

     As at the end of the reporting period, the Company’s interest rate risk in the banking book was controlled
     within its risk management and control objectives and the interest rate risk in the banking book was
     generally under control.

8.   Reputational risk management
     Reputation risk refers to the risk of negative evaluation of the Bank by stakeholders, the public and
     the media as a result of the Bank’s behavior, the conduct of its employees or external events, thereby
     damaging the Bank’s brand value, adversely affecting the Bank’s normal operation and even affecting
     market stability and social stability.
058   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis


                Reputation risk management refers to the establishment of processes for a reputation risk management
                system, covering prior assessment, risk monitoring, classification and evaluation, response and disposal,
                information reporting, assessment and accountability, and evaluation and conclusion, in order to achieve
                the objectives of reputation risk management and build up a good social image of the Company, thereby
                promoting the normalization and daily management of reputation risk in terms of risk identification and
                inspection, emergency drills, joint mechanism, social supervision, accumulation of reputation capital,
                internal audit and interbank collaboration.

                The objectives of our reputational risk management are to correctly handle news and public opinions on
                us, public relations and our relationships with customers, actively and effectively prevent reputational
                risks and respond to reputational events, so as to minimize the losses and negative impacts caused by
                such events on the Bank, interested parties and the public. The Company has included reputational risk
                management in its corporate governance and comprehensive risk management system.

                The Company’s reputational risk management system consists of the Board of Directors, the supervisory
                committee, Senior Management, Risk Management and Internal Control Committee, Publicity Department
                of the Party Committee, the Board executive office, Risk Management Department, other relevant
                departments of the head office, as well as branches, sub-branches and subsidiaries. The Senior
                Management is responsible for managing and organizing the reputational risk management across the
                Bank as well as the formulation and improvement of relevant systems and policies for reputational risk
                management of the Bank.

                During the reporting period, the Company strictly complied with the regulatory requirements and, in
                line with the spirit of the Central Financial Work Conference, continued to establish and improve rules
                and regulations and innovative management approach, implemented regular prevention and control,
                established a digital system for online evaluation, and improved the emergency mechanism of public
                opinions. The quality and effectiveness of reputational risk prevention and control have been significantly
                improved through pre-event comprehensive investigation and notification, mid-event monitoring and
                guiding, and post-event accountability and training exercises. At the same time, on the basis of guiding
                the ecology and reshaping the image, the Company has formulated an image improvement work plan,
                which focuses on the political and people-oriented nature of financial work, and the publicity work telling
                the story of the “goodness” in value and the “intelligence” in operation. We also widely publicized the
                typical stories of financial services under the guidance of the Party to serve the real economy and five
                finances, and conveyed the high-quality development trend of the Bank to all parties.

      9.        Strategic risk management
                Strategic risk refers to the risk arising from any improper operational strategy or change in the external
                business environments, including improper strategic design, inappropriate strategic implementation and
                inapplicable stated strategy as a result of changes in the internal and external environments.

                The objective of our strategic risk management is to control our strategic risk within a reasonable range
                acceptable to us by continuously improving the strategic risk management system.

                The Company’s strategic risk management system consists of the Board of Directors, the supervisory
                committee, Senior Management, Risk Management and Internal Control Committee, Risk Management
                Department, Development and Planning Department, Audit Department, Financial Technology
                Department, other relevant departments of the head office, as well as domestic and foreign branches,
                sub-branches and subsidiaries.
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023   059




                                                    Management Discussion and Analysis


      Adhering to the principle of “clear responsibilities, proactive prevention, overall evaluation and timely
      adjustment”, the Company constantly improves and refines the strategic risk management system
      suitable for the scale and features of its business, and has realized effective management of strategic
      risks. Main management measures include: Guided by the thought of Socialism with Chinese
      Characteristics in the new era of Xi Jinping, fully implementing the spirit of the 20th CPC National
      Congress and the spirit of the Central Financial Work Conference, proactively practicing the political and
      people-oriented nature of the financial work, taking the 99 characters of General Secretary Xi’s important
      instruction to CZBank as the heirloom, guideline, motivation, and measure, and taking the vision of
      being a “first-class commercial bank” as the leading role, anchoring on the “three first-class”, carrying
      forward the “four dos spirit”, and constructing the “five-word ecosystem” and practice the three words of
      “goodness, wisdom and diligence”. We will actively explore the innovation of “financial services for good”
      theory and practice, under the flag of finance for good, enhance the social value of finance, and lead a
      new industry trend; deepen intelligent operation, build the “assets with low sensitivity to economic cycle”
      as a ballast stone, and promote the four major battles, so that our operating results will outperform the
      general trend; In addition, we will set up a keynote of strictness with strict internal management, and
      standardize the relationship between banks and enterprises, and strengthen the management of work
      style, so as to comprehensively build the ecological soil for high-quality development.

10.   Compliance risk management
      Compliance risk refers to the risk of legal sanctions, regulatory penalties, significant financial losses and
      reputational losses that may result from the failure to comply with laws, rules and standards.

      The objectives of our compliance risk management are to establish a sound compliance risk management
      framework and promote the development of a comprehensive risk management system which enables us
      to operate in a lawful and compliant manner.

      The Company’s compliance risk management system consists of the Board of Directors, the supervisory
      committee, Senior Management, Risk Management and Internal Control Committee, Risk Management
      Department, Internal Control and Compliance and Legal Affairs Department, Audit Department, other
      relevant departments of the head office as well as branches, sub-branches and subsidiaries. The Senior
      Management is responsible for implementing and organizing the compliance risk management as well as
      the formulation and implementation of each basic system and policy for compliance risk management.

      During the reporting period, the Company conscientiously pursued various national policies and
      regulatory requirements, solidly promoted the implementation of various internal control and compliance
      management initiatives to continuously improve its compliance risk management quality and effectiveness.
      We have cultivated a compliance culture, actively practiced the corporate culture of “service, compliance,
      excellence and harmony” and adhered to them in the long run. Adhering to the keynote of strictness,
      the Company strictly implemented the regulatory requirements and continuously improved its internal
      governance. We launched the dual-improvement campaign of “Compliance Awareness and Compliance
      Enforcement”, which has significantly strengthened employees’ awareness of law and compliance
      concept. The Company continued to improve its rules and regulations system, strengthened the control
      of key points in the system, and enhanced the system implementation, supervision and evaluation. With
      the issue-oriented approach, the Group continued to “look back” at the rectified issues and strengthened
      the rectification at source. Adhering to the principle of “finance for people”, practicing our concept of
      “financial services for good”, and focusing on the public’s urgent problems and worries to do a good job
      in protecting consumer rights.
060   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis


      11.       Large exposure administration
                According to the Measures for the Administration of the Large Exposures of Commercial Banks (        《商
                業銀行大額風險暴露管理辦法》) (Order No. 1 [2018] of Former CBIRC (原銀保監會2018年第1號令)),
                large exposure means the exposure of a commercial bank to a single client or a group of connected
                clients exceeding 2.5% of its net tier 1 capital. The Company has established a sound mechanism
                for the administration of large exposures, continued to improve the functions of the large exposure
                administration system, and commenced the measurement, monitoring and reporting of large exposures in
                an orderly manner. As of the end of the reporting period, all indicators of the Company’s large exposures
                were in compliance with the regulatory limits.


      12.       Information technology risk management
                Information technology risk refers to any operational, legal and reputational risk arising from natural
                factors, human factors, technical bugs and management defects in connection with the application of
                information technologies by the Company.

                The objectives of our information technology risk management are to control our information technology
                risk within a reasonable range acceptable to us, promote business innovation, enhance application level
                of information technology, and intensify core competence and sustainable development capability.

                The Company’s information technology risk management system consists of the Board of Directors, the
                supervisory committee, Senior Management, Chief Information Officer (CIO), cyber security leadership
                team, Risk Management and Internal Control Committee, digital reform promotion committee, data
                governance committee, information technology management committee, business continuity management
                committee, the Risk Management Department, Internal Control and Compliance and Legal Affairs
                Department, Technology Management Department, Audit Department, other relevant departments of the
                head office as well as branches, sub-branches and subsidiaries. The Senior Management is responsible
                for implementing and organizing the information technology risk management as well as organizing
                the formulation and implementation of relevant systems and policies for information technology risk
                management.

                The Company has established a relatively well-organized information technology risk management
                mechanism and process system, and comprehensively formulated relevant system processes
                and implementation rules in accordance with the ISO20000, ISO22301, ISO27001 and ISO27701
                management system and regulatory requirements; established relatively well-organized systems for
                business continuity management, information technology outsourcing risk management, network security
                management, data security management, information technology services management etc. and a
                relatively well-standardized information technology risk monitoring and assessment mechanism.
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023   061




                                                    Management Discussion and Analysis


      During the reporting period, the Company has fully implemented the strategy of “technology-driven
      bank development” by enhancing technology-based capability and strengthening digital infrastructure
      and technological innovation to promote the in-depth digitalization reform; it continuously improved
      digital security ecosystems such as network security, data security, personal information protection,
      supply chain, etc.. By relying on the “CZBank Network Security Innovation Workshop” and “Innovation
      Alliance”, strengthening network security innovation and talent cultivation, so as to enhance digital risk
      prevention and control capabilities in all aspects. It continuously carried out monitoring, assessment,
      measurement, control and reporting of operational risks of important information systems, implemented
      the systemization, digitalization and automation of production, operation and maintenance to build first-
      class technology operation capabilities; it continued to improve the disaster preparedness system of
      “three centers in two cities”, expand dual-active coverage of the disaster preparedness in the same city,
      and advance the guarantee capability for critical system and business continuity and the operational
      resilience; it also continued to promote emergency management, improve the disaster tolerance
      management model and carry out dual-center rotation operation of scaled information system in long-
      term and full-state conditions and complete batch cycle drills, so as to significantly enhance the ability of
      rapid intra-city disaster backup switchover and intra-city dual-active disaster recovery operation. During
      the reporting period, the system has operated stably without any substantial information technology risk
      occurring.

13.   Anti-money laundering management
      The Company has improved the anti-money laundering operation mechanism under the comprehensive
      risk management framework in accordance with the anti-money laundering laws and regulations,
      including the Anti-money Laundering Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國反洗錢
      法》), the Administrative Measures for Anti-money Laundering and Counter-terrorist Financing of Financial
      Institutions in the Banking Sector (
                                        《銀行業金融機構反洗錢和反恐怖融資管理辦法》) and the Guidelines for
      the Management of Money Laundering and Terrorist Financing Risks for Corporate Financial Institutions
      (for Trial Implementation) (
                                 《法人金融機構洗錢和恐怖融資風險管理指引(試行)》), so as to further solidify
      the foundation of anti-money laundering works and continuously improve the quality and effectiveness of
      anti-money laundering management.

      During the reporting period, the Company has strictly complied with the laws and regulations on anti-
      money laundering, seriously fulfilled its legal obligations and social responsibilities in anti-money
      laundering. It optimized the anti-money laundering management structure and operational mechanism
      and improved the anti-money laundering system and business process; strengthened customer
      identification management to enhance the effectiveness of customer identification; submitted the
      monitoring and reporting of large-amount transactions and suspicious transactions, implemented follow-
      up control measures with respect to suspicious transaction reporting; adopted risk-based approach to
      strengthen the monitoring and control of high-risk businesses and high-risk customers; continuously
      promoted the digital transformation of anti-money laundering, advanced anti-money laundering data
      governance and the construction of the new generation anti-money laundering system; provided business
      risk warnings to relevant departments, strengthened anti-money laundering guidance and inspections;
      and organized anti-money laundering publicity and training, and actively cooperated with anti-money
      laundering investigations and co-inspections to comply with all regulatory requirements in respect of anti-
      money laundering.
062   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis



      (VII) BUSINESS SUMMARY
                During the reporting period, centering on the twelve-word operation approach of “consolidating corporate
                foundation, adjusting corporate structure, controlling corporate risks, increasing corporate profitability”,
                the Bank continuously improved its intelligent operation capacity, deepened the promotion of the four
                strategic priorities and comprehensively strengthened financial technology innovation. Under the cohesive
                and common efforts of all the staff, the Bank continued to focus on its main responsibilities and principal
                businesses. Meanwhile, by rendering wholehearted services for the real economy and promoting inclusive
                finance, the Bank further created and developed the new development pattern for the synergistic
                development of the five major business segments, namely “great retail, great corporate, great investment
                banking, great asset management, and great cross border”.

      1.        Great Retail Segment
      (1)       Retail Business
                The Company actively creates the new development pattern for the synergistic development of the five
                major business segments, with the great retail segment in the forefront. During the reporting period,
                the Company focused on the strategic deployment of the development of the great retail segment,
                strengthened professional team building, consolidated its customer base, enhanced its products
                and services. Around the “customer base battle”, we have launched two major retail customer base
                construction projects, namely, “Gathering New” (聚新） and “Jumping Up” (躍升). We are customer-
                centered and have created a professional tiered system to realize intelligent operation. We are committed
                to enhancing customer value through a three-tier tiered operation system for retail customers, focusing
                on three levels of customers, namely, basic customers, wealthy customers and private banking
                customers, to create a hierarchical interest of retail financial customers under the theme of “Zheli
                Preferential” (浙里優享). The Company empowers the frontline with data, tools and channels by digital
                means, and continuously strengthens the ability of digital operation and management. It was awarded
                the “Excellence in Data Analytics & Mining Retail Banking Award” (卓越數據分析&挖掘零售銀行獎) in the
                “Retail Banking – Jiefu Awards” (零售銀行•介甫獎) in 2023.

                During the reporting period, the Company achieved significant operating results of retail customers. As at
                the end of the reporting period, the Company had a total of 26,780,100 retail customers, representing an
                increase of 34.26% over the beginning of the year. In the “7th Retail Banking Awards 2023” organized by
                Retail Banking magazine, the Company was awarded the “2023 Head Office Characteristic Management
                Award – Customer Management Award” (2023總行特色經營獎 － 客群經營獎).

      ①         Individual deposits and loans business
                During the reporting period, the Company made great efforts to expand the base of individual customers,
                actively broadened the sources of low-cost funds, further optimized the structure of individual deposits
                and reduced the interest payment cost of individual deposits. As at the end of the reporting period, the
                Company’s individual deposits balance was RMB269.52 billion, representing an increase of 26.24% from
                the beginning of the year and the average cost of individual deposits was 2.47%, decreasing by 7 basis
                points from the beginning of the year.
                                                                                              Annual Report 2023   063




                                                 Management Discussion and Analysis


    During the reporting period, external demand for personal housing loans declined. Following the
    guidance of real estate regulation, the Company strictly enforced its real estate credit policy, adhered to
    city-specific policies and actively expanded its business to support the demand for rigid and improved
    housing, realizing the steady development of housing loan business. As at the end of the reporting
    period, the balance of the Company’s personal housing loans amounted to RMB137.853 billion,
    representing an increase of 28.54% as compared with the end of the previous year. The Company has
    cumulatively adjusted downward the interest rates of the first home loans for 135,900 customers, and the
    total adjusted time-point loan balance amounted to RMB127.925 billion. Relying on financial technology,
    the Company has continued to enhance financial inclusion and accessibility and optimized its personal
    loan products to reasonably satisfy the credit needs of the public and achieve steady growth in consumer
    loans.

    As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of personal credit of the Company (including personal
    housing loans and personal consumer loans) amounted to RMB284.563 billion, representing an increase
    of 23.98% from the beginning of the year.

②   Wealth management
    During the reporting period, the Company increased its strategic investment in human resources,
    technological resources and management resources. Adhering to the dual-wheel drive of front-end
    investment and research, strict selection of wealth management products and self-research, we insisted
    on expanding retail customer base with high-quality products and professional services, aiming to build
    up a wealth management brand with first-class influence. The Company has established a full range
    of product systems, including bank wealth management, brokerage capital management, standard
    trusts, non-standard trusts, structured products, public funds, private funds and insurance, which
    significantly improved products strength. Our efforts on structural adjustment, risk control, and heading
    transformation have begun to bear fruit, laying a good foundation for the sustainable development
    of wealth management agency business. The 1+N radiation mechanism on specialized investment
    consultant empowerment and companion in region has been established, forming a support system for
    round-the-clock investment education and companion.

    During the reporting period, the scale of insurance agency, trust and structured products increased
    steadily. In particular, agency premiums increased by RMB1.393 billion for the year, representing
    an increase of 44% year-on-year; trust products increased by RMB32.266 billion or 102% from the
    beginning of the year; and structured products increased by RMB3.644 billion or 1,075% from the
    beginning of the year.

    The Company’s retained scale of wealth management agency business increased at a moderate rate
    over the same period last year. As at the end of the reporting period, the retained scale of wealth
    agency business amounted to RMB170.547 billion, representing a growth of 20.27% as compared to the
    beginning of the year.
064   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis


      ③         Private banking
                During the reporting period, by adhering to the philosophy of “passing of wealth and wisdom for
                sustainable development”, the Company’s private banking business provided three-dimensional financial
                services and featured value-added services for individuals and their family of private banking customers
                as well as their career development. The Company continuously promotes the construction of the five
                major systems including private banking team, assessment, rights and benefits, services and products to
                create a leading digital private banking mode.

                Through optimizing the management structure of the private banking business and strengthening
                professional training and qualification certification, the Company has created a private banking team with
                high quality and professional competency. We have improved the staff assessment and realized visual
                assessment of teams including private banking account managers, investment advisors and branch
                management teams with digital systems. At the same time, we have built a customer rights and benefits
                system of private banking with distinctive features and recognized by clients, based on the eight major
                themes of “food, clothing, housing, utilities, transportation, medical care, education, and entertainment”.
                We fulfill the Company’s service concept of “financial services for good” and improve the private banking
                service system through the 1+N financial consultant modes to empower financial service. Meanwhile, we
                have built a multi-strategy and full range of private banking products, including cash management, fixed
                income, equity and non-standard products, based on the clients’ diversified needs of asset allocation in
                order to enhance the experience of private banking clients.

                As at the end of the reporting period, the Company had 12,189 private banking customers, representing
                an increase of 11.49% as compared to the beginning of the year; the financial assets of the private
                banking customers amounted to RMB183.175 billion, representing an increase of 8.88% as compared
                to the beginning of the year; and the Company had 44 family trust business orders, representing
                an increase of 69.23% from the beginning of the year, with a size of approximately RMB701 million,
                representing an increase of 132.12% as compared to the beginning of the year.

      ④         Credit card (consumer finance) business
                During the reporting period, in respect of credit card (consumer finance) business, the Company
                continued to promote business transformation and actively expanded the scenario-based finance
                business with a focus on “vehicle purchase, parking space, home decoration, home furnishing and
                daily consumption” and other scenarios. The Company comprehensively promoted vehicle installment
                sales, strongly promoted home decoration and furnishing installment business and innovatively launched
                credit card easy installment, and continued to build up a competitive installment product system with
                special features. In continuously promoting products innovation and upgrading services, the Company
                has launched a series of card products for different groups of customer, such as the Benefit Card (紅利
                卡), Ton-Ton Card (噸噸卡), Car Owner Card (車主卡), I Tease Card (I逗卡) and Green Low-Carbon Card
                (綠色低碳卡), as well as co-branded cards issued with China Eastern Airlines and Loong Air, allowing
                cardholders to enjoy diversified exclusive rights and benefits such as cash rebates, free drinks, and
                green travel incentives, etc. to satisfy the daily needs of cardholders. With the launch of “Red Monday (紅
                動星期一)” series of marketing campaign, the Company cooperated with 16 national brands, including
                Starbucks and Luckin, and launch more than 20 promotional activities around clothing, food, housing
                and transportation, aiming to revitalize consumption and unleash the potential of consumption. Besides,
                the Company collaborated with Tencent, Ant, Jingdong, Douyin, Pinduoduo and other leading internet
                companies and launched various promotion campaigns, such as credit card adding gift, consumption
                incentives, installment incentives, etc., to precisely reach customers’ needs through online consumption
                scenarios, strengthen customer management, and promote the high-quality and sustainable development
                of the credit card business.
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2023   065




                                                        Management Discussion and Analysis


      As at the end of the reporting period, the Company had issued a total of 4,228,400 credit cards,
      representing an increase of 294,700 credit cards from the beginning of the year; balance of credit card
      (consumer finance) loans amounted to RMB30.535 billion, representing an increase of RMB9.161 billion
      from the beginning of the year. During the reporting period, the Company achieved income from the
      credit card (consumer finance) business of RMB1.649 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of
      32.78%.

(2)   Small Enterprises Business
      During the reporting period, the Company conscientiously practiced the requirements of “being political,
      people-oriented and professional” in financial work, continued to cultivate and consolidate the small
      and micro customer base, hold the concept of “financial services for good” and launched intelligent
      operation. Focusing on the key areas of the small and micro real economy, the Company deepened the
      differentiated and specialized financial service for small and micro enterprises, launched the scenario-
      based and digitalized business transformation to fully support the recovery and innovative development
      of small and micro entities in the market.

      As at the end of the reporting period, the Company had 213 specialized institutions for small enterprises,
      with balance of small and micro enterprise loans under inclusive finance(Note) of RMB320.128 billion,
      representing an increase of RMB42.842 billion or 15.45% from the beginning of the year, 1.95
      percentage points higher than that of total loans. The proportion of small and micro enterprise loans
      accounted for 20.22% of total loans, rising 0.34 percentage point from the beginning of the year. The
      number of customers of the small and micro enterprise loans under inclusive finance increased by
      20,500 from the beginning of the year to 139,800, successfully reaching the regulatory target of “two
      increases”. Interest rates for newly issued small and micro enterprise loans under inclusive finance fell 63
      basic points year-on-year with a non-performing ratio of small and micro enterprise loans under inclusive
      finance of 1.25%.

      Intensively cultivate a quality customer base for micro and small businesses. Targeting inclusive
      finance business and by enhancing comprehensive financial services and utilizing superior products,
      we will continue to promote the increase in the number and scale of micro and small businesses and
      enhance the penetration of the basic customer base. We promoted the application of the “CSGS”
      system, and implemented differentiated credit support strategies by combining the results of customers
      CSGS ratings.




      Note: According to information on small and micro enterprise loans under inclusive finance from the Former CBIRC,
            the “small and micro enterprise loans under inclusive finance” and “loans” exclude the discounted and inter-bank
            discounted bills business.
066   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis


                Focus on key points, and systematically promote the transformation of scenario-based and
                digitalized business. We grasp the regional economic development, industry relocation and small
                and micro development stage, focus on the integration of scenario and actively promote the digital
                business service system. Meanwhile, we rely on the five scenarios including government cooperation,
                small and micro parks, professional markets, open banking cooperation, and synergistic linkage, to
                promote the transformation and development of the business. Firstly, the key scenic advantages of
                micro and small parks are expanded. As at the end of the reporting period, 1,941 park projects had
                been developed, with a loan balance of RMB54.981 billion for small and micro parks, an increase of
                RMB13.428 billion compared with the beginning of the year. Secondly, the framework for the “1+1+N”
                integrated digital product and service system has been built. Within three months after the release of the
                “Digital Easy Loan” (數易貸）product, a cumulative total of RMB302 million was issued, benefiting 832
                customers. Thirdly, the deep cooperation with governmental financing and guarantee institutions, and
                the active promotion of the “state-guaranteed guarantee loans (國擔擔保貸)” which has strengthened the
                accessibility of financing for small and micro enterprises. The case of “state-guaranteed guarantee loans”
                was recorded in the “2023 Typical Cases of China’s Inclusive Finance” (2023中國普惠金融典型案例) by
                the China Banking Association. As at the end of the reporting period, the business balance of guarantee
                companies under state-guaranteed system had exceeded RMB20 billion.

                Deepening Zhejiang development and steadily promote finance for common prosperity. Focusing
                on the characteristics of regional economy and resource in the province, the Company has dug deep
                into the financial demand, innovated the small and microfinance service mode of pillar industries in the
                districts and counties, and actively created a financial mode of wealth sharing in 26 counties in the
                mountain areas, and continued to push forward the incremental expansion of the “CZBank Common
                Wealth Loan” (浙銀共富貸) to promote the blossoming of the “financial services for good”; Relying on
                the financial consulting service system, the Company has been deeply cultivating the construction of
                the Linping comprehensive financial service demonstration area through “large-scale visits and surveys,
                precise targeting and precise policy implementation”. As at the end of the reporting period, the balance
                of “CZBank Common Wealth Loan” amounted to RMB11.338 billion, representing an increase of 34.74%
                as compared to the beginning of the year.

                Intelligent operation and continuous enhancement of service and process digitization. Firstly,
                through re-developing basic operating procedures for small enterprises, we realized the construction of
                a new system framework and the switch between the old and new systems to optimize the efficiency of
                investigation and approval; secondly, through the development and application of core functions of the
                process services, such as two-way mobile operation, multi-role network verification, multi-party video
                calls, remote video e-form signing, etc., we continued to enhance user experience; thirdly, through
                the development and application of digital marketing tools, such as the enterprise’s Wechat Xiaowei
                cloud shop (微信小微雲鋪), marketing maps, and the micro-loan cockpit, etc., we realized automatic
                distribution, tracking, monitoring and statistics of marketing tasks online to improve the management
                capability of marketing digitalization.
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2023   067




                                                   Management Discussion and Analysis


2.   Great Corporate Segment
     Corporate business
     Positioning the “three first-class” target, we practice the concept of “financial services for good”, adhere
     to the “321” business orientation and drive the development strategy of the large corporate business
     segment. Focusing on key customers, key businesses, key regions and key personnel, the Company
     continues to improve its service to the real economy.

     Steady growth in scale and continuous optimization of structure. As at the end of the reporting
     period, the balance of the Company’s corporate deposits amounted to RMB1,567.201 billion,
     representing an increase of RMB122.60 billion or 8.49% over the beginning of the year. The balance
     of RMB-dominated corporate assets on-balance sheet amounted to RMB940.3 billion, representing an
     increase of RMB107.4 billion or 12.9% over the beginning of the year. At the same time, the Company
     took various measures to promote the asset building of the weak cycle industry, and realized the
     improvement of customers and investments in the weak cycle industries. As at the end of the reporting
     period, the number of loan customers in the weak cycle industries was 8,514, and the balance of loans
     was RMB179.681 billion.

     Deeply cultivate the manufacturing customer group and assist in intelligent transformation. The
     Company sticks to serving the real economy by giving priority of policy support, resource allocation and
     price tilting to manufacturing entities, and providing diversified financial products and services. In 2023,
     manufacturing loans grew steadily. As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of the Bank’s
     manufacturing loans amounted to RMB239.911 billion, representing an increase of 10.6% compared
     with the beginning of the year. At the same time, the Company continued to leverage on its featured
     advantages as an intelligent manufacturing service bank to help manufacturing enterprises in digital,
     intelligent and high-end transformation. As at the end of the reporting period, the Company had served
     a total of 3,228 intelligent manufacturing enterprises and accumulatively a total of RMB793 billion in
     financing.

     Intensify development in Zhejiang base camp to expand and improve the Company’s business.
     Since the beginning of this year, the Company continued to fully implement its primary strategy of
     “Intensified Development in Zhejiang” (深耕浙江), implemented a dedicated team promotion and internal
     coordination mechanism. By strengthening government-bank linkage and bank-enterprise empowerment,
     exploring scenario-based financial innovations, practicing financial consulting services, and driving the
     implementation of major projects, etc., the Company has intensified the base camp construction and the
     investment scale in key customers continued to increase in the province. As at the end of the reporting
     period, it served 979 customers in the list of four major projects in Zhejiang Province, including provincial
     key construction, major manufacturing industry, “1,000 trillion-yuan projects” and “one hundred billion
     yuan technological reforms”, with a financing balance of RMB64.4 billion.
068   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis


                Continuously upgrade supply chain finance digitalization to create differentiated service
                advantages. The Company continues to upgrade its supply chain digital intelligence of finance service
                by integrating supply chain finance services into the entire production and transaction landscape of the
                industrial chain, fully utilizing its professional capabilities and digital means, and creating a “whole chain,
                full landscape, all products” supply chain financial service solution through the four major innovations
                of process restructuring, credit innovation, technological empowerment, and service leapfrogging, to
                solve the financing difficulties of SMEs in the upstream and downstream of the industrial chain, and
                facilitate the development of the industrial chain with high quality. At present, the Company has formed
                characteristic and differentiated supply chain finance solutions in nearly 30 industries, including energy,
                automobile, steel, construction and communication. As at the end of the reporting period, the Company
                served over 2,600 digital supply chain projects, with a financing balance of over RMB160 billion, serving
                over 40,000 upstream and downstream customers, of which more than 75% were small and micro
                enterprises under inclusive finance.

                Deepen the service for science and innovation talents to deliver an outstanding performance
                on science and technology finance. Around the strategy of “vitalizing the country through science
                and technology”, we are determined to deliver an outstanding performance on science and technology
                finance, continue to plough into this field by providing more support for key areas, allocating exclusive
                resources to encourage business innovation and stimulate the momentum of serving science and
                innovation enterprises. We have created an innovative supply toolbox, convened the first joint-stock
                banks’ conference on science and technology financial services after the Central Financial Work
                Conference, and released 10 key scenarios and 16 series of products, to support the enhancement of
                enterprises’ innovation with full-image service solutions. We have created a service ecosystem, deepened
                the cooperation with professional organizations, smoothed the information channel of the supply chain,
                and improved the quality and efficiency of service to science and technology innovation enterprises.
                Meanwhile, we insist on building the “golden name card” of the talent bank, create a unique financial
                service scenario around high-level talents, iterate the specialized talent products, deepen the cooperation
                between government, banks and enterprises, to facilitate the deep integration of the industry chain, talent
                chain, innovation chain and value chain. As at the end of the reporting period, we had served 14,256
                science and innovation talent enterprises, with a financing balance of RMB204.1 billion, of which 2,202
                were talent enterprises, with a financing balance of RMB18.1 billion.

                Deepen the construction of energy finance and create a featured service brand. We actively
                implement the national strategy of “carbon peak, carbon neutrality” with the power energy industry chain
                and new energy industry chain as key areas, and focus on power production, power transmission and
                distribution, and power consumption to build operational advantages of specialization, characterization,
                and scenarios in energy finance. We continue to improve our green financial service system and promote
                pilot of carbon financial product innovation. As at the end of the reporting period, we had established
                strategic cooperation with key customers such as State Grid, Southern Power Grid, Datang Corporation,
                China Power Investment Corporation, China Huaneng, Zhejiang Energy, Chint Group and Envision Group,
                with a financing balance of more than RMB100 billion.
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2023   069




                                                   Management Discussion and Analysis


3.    Great Investment Banking Segment
(1)   Investment banking business
      The investment banking business actively follows the principle of intelligent operation and promotes
      the transformation of the investment banking system from product application to scenario creation by
      focusing on two major directions, namely, asset revitalization and industry investment banking, achieving
      positive results in the high-quality development of the investment banking business. During the reporting
      period, investment banking FPA realized RMB544.8 billion, representing an increase of 18% over last
      year, and 1,255 basic customers were served with investment banking products, representing an
      increase of 24% over last year.

      Laying a solid foundation for high-quality development of light-asset business. On the one hand, the
      Company put focus on the expansion of small and diverse basic customers. During the reporting period,
      the total corporate bonds undertaken amounted to RMB190.6 billion, representing a year-on-year
      increase of 51%, and non-bond underwriting clients were 272, representing a year-on-year increase of
      38%. On the other hand, the Company took advantage of its credit enhancement to achieve the leading
      position in the bond underwriting business. With focus on initial customers and industrial customers to
      strengthen credit risk mitigation instruments, the total amount realized in the year reached RMB13.7
      billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 32%, and maintained its first market position. Through
      underwriting business, the Company actively carried out cooperation with high-quality customers and
      the leading central and state-owned enterprises. During the reporting period, the Company served 207
      customers with AA+ and above ratings with underwriting business, and also served 30 central enterprises
      and subsidiaries with 24 of them were high-quality central enterprises cooperating with us for the first
      time.

      Achieving the improvement of the quantity and quality of project financing with competitive differentiation.
      By seizing the opportunities, we put focus on the real economy and quality assets to promote syndicated
      and M&A business. During the reporting period, the scales of syndicated loans of the Bank amounted to
      RMB23 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 83%. M&A business boomed in areas including
      business consolidation of real enterprises, transformation of city construction public enterprises, mergers
      and acquisitions and reorganization of listed companies and real estate bailout.

      Focusing on two major themes to create transformational development characteristics. On the one hand,
      with the systematic promotion of assets revitalization by “Asset Map” and taking asset securitization
      business as a breakthrough to build a full-value chain service scenario financial system for revitalizing
      existing assets of enterprises, a number of key first-in-market or first-in-industry asset revitalization
      projects were successfully launched. On the other hand, promoting the transformation and development
      of industrial investment banking with value assets as a core to build barriers in resource and technology,
      provide intermediary services and comprehensive investment and financing solutions, and gradually reach
      three stages of asset-based financing services, asset-based asset management services and asset-
      based capital operation services, so as to provide comprehensive services for high-quality customers.

      Promoting finance for good and launching charitable trust projects. The Company established a set of
      charitable trust service systems and launched the “Charitable Trust” project, which helped entrepreneurs
      fulfill the mission of common prosperity, upgrade their wealth value, and become an important role in
      social governance.
070   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis


      (2)       Financial market business
                During the reporting period, the domestic and international economic situation was complicated and
                the market was volatile. The Company stayed calm and coped with the market shocks and changes by
                improving its trading capabilities, strengthening investment and research, taking the market opportunities,
                and serving the clients in the real economy. As a result, the Company has improved its market position
                and maintained market leadership in a number of businesses.

                In the local currency market, the Company was selected for the first time as a core member of the self-
                regulatory mechanism for interest rate pricing, and well performed its duties as a primary dealer in the
                open market. As an active dealer for repurchase in the local currency market, the Company continuously
                provided market-making quotes for various types of bonds and interest rate derivatives and maintained
                active trading. In 2023, the Company deeply implemented it strategy of deepening development in
                Zhejiang, stepped up the underwriting of local bonds in Zhejiang Province to provide financial protection
                for the expansion of effective investment, safeguard the implementation of major projects, and maintain
                the stable operation of the economy. The underwriting of Zhejiang bonds totaled RMB39.374 billion,
                representing a year-on-year increase of 6.12%, and ranked first in terms of total underwriting volume.
                During the reporting period, the Company was honored with the awards of “Core Dealer in the Interbank
                Local Currency Market” (銀行間本幣市場核心交易商), “Innovation in Automated Trading in the Interbank
                Local Currency Market” (銀行間本幣市場自動化交易創新獎) and “Innovation in Cross-border Investment
                in the Interbank Local Currency Market” (銀行間本幣市場跨境投資創新獎).

                In the foreign currency market, with the approval of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange,
                effective from March 13, 2023, the Company became one of the 25 market makers in the interbank
                foreign exchange market. The FICC Financial Consultancy Studio was set up to provide services to real
                economy clients on exchange rate hedging through various forms of media, such as public accounts,
                live streaming and short-video. During the reporting period, the Company was awarded the “Best RMB
                Foreign Exchange Trial Market Maker in the Interbank Foreign Exchange Market” (銀行間外匯市場最佳人
                民幣外匯嘗試做市機構), “Outstanding Member in Serving Enterprises in Exchange Rate Risk Management
                in the Interbank Foreign Exchange Market” (銀行間外匯市場優秀服務企業匯率風險管理會員), “Best
                Foreign Currency Exchange Offering Member” (最佳外幣拆借會員), “Best Foreign Currency Repurchase
                Member” (最佳外幣回購會員), and “Best Technical Service Support Organization in the Interbank Foreign
                Exchange Market” (銀行間外匯市場最佳技術服務支持機構).

                In the area of precious metals trading, there was a large demand in the gold market in 2023 with
                explosive growth in physical sales and deposit business. The Company ranked top in the bidding market
                of the Shanghai Gold Exchange, and maintained its top position in gold futures market making, silver
                futures market making and silver trading agency in the Shanghai Futures Exchange. During the reporting
                period, the Company was awarded the “Diamond Award for Market Making Business” (做市業務鑽石獎)
                and “Special Contribution Award for Market Making Business Industry” (做市業務行業特別貢獻獎) by the
                Shanghai Futures Exchange. In particular, the Company was awarded the “Diamond Award for Market
                Making Business”, the highest award in the market making field of Shanghai Futures Exchange, for three
                consecutive years.

                In respect of digitalization, focusing on the digitization of important scenarios in the entire life cycle of
                financial market transactions, the FICC digital intelligence platform has been constructed to significantly
                improve the market-making quotes, risk control and business management of fixed income, precious
                metals, foreign exchange and other types of products.
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023   071




                                                    Management Discussion and Analysis


(3)   Financial institution business
      Fully strengthen customer base. The Bank deepens the implementation of its operational concepts of
      “financial services for good” and intelligent operation, continuously promotes the establishment of a
      “customer-oriented” comprehensive service system, to improve the quality and expand the business of
      the integrated operation of key customer groups.

      Solidly promote interbank balance sheet business. The Bank enhances market research and judgment
      and improves its investment research capabilities in respect of standardized asset investment, to
      effectively serve the Company’s high-quality clients in real enterprises; Meanwhile, it has revitalized and
      upgraded the “Common Benefit” (同有益) asset pool to provide one-stop integrated services to financial
      institution clients, with cumulative transaction volume exceeding RMB600 billion on the platform. During
      the reporting period, the Company was awarded the “2023 Pioneering Contribution Institution (Collateral
      Business)” (2023年度開拓貢獻機構(擔保品業務)）by China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation
      Limited. The client base of interbank liabilities continues to expand, and the cost has been reduced. In
      2023, the interest payment rate for RMB interbank time deposits decreased by 11 basic points year-on-
      year.

      The standardized ABS investment continues to expand, contributing to the expansion of the capacity
      and volume of assets with low sensitivity to economic cycle. The Bank accelerates the promotion of the
      interactivity of “investment, custodian, sales and collection” (投, 託, 銷, 撮), with a new record of all-
      product sales service during the reporting period amounting to RMB387.822 billion, representing a 43%
      growth as compared to last year.

      Promote the Bank’s financial bond issuance. During the reporting period, the Bank successfully issued
      RMB25 billion of small and micro finance bonds, RMB30 billion of ordinary financial bonds and RMB30
      billion of tier 2 capital bonds, and actively explored the use of low-cost, long-term capital to better serve
      the real economy. During the reporting period, the Company was awarded the “Outstanding Financial
      Debts Issuing Institution” (優秀金融債發行機構）by China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation
      Limited.

(4)   Bill business
      The Company proactively responds to the changes in the market resulted from the new bill regulations to
      comprehensively drives the intelligent operation of the bill business.

      Discounting business continues to grow with significant growth in scale. During the reporting period, the
      Company’s discount volume amounted to RMB342.402 billion, representing a year-on-year growth of
      33%, which was 11 percentage points higher than the growth rate of the whole market; among which,
      the volume of commercial bill discount was RMB208.004 billion, with a market share of 11.85%, ranking
      the second among the joint-stock banks.

      Building a product system and intensively cultivating real customers. The Company insists on serving the
      real economy, and strives to improve the quality and efficiency of financial services. We have constructed
      a multi-dimensional digital product system, actively built the “Commercial Bill Pass” (商票通) featured
      product, and continuously broadened the application scenarios of the product to realize features such
      as cross-branch discounting through WeChat applets, multiple options for interest payment, non-
      recourse discounting, and “one-time pre-approval + fast discounting”, supporting the diversified needs
      of enterprises in the bill business. During the reporting period, the Company served more than 17,000
      corporate customers through acceptance, discounting, bill guarantee and guarantee services, including
      5,845 discounting customers, representing a year-on-year increase of 31%.
072   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis


                Improving investment research mechanism to enhance market influence. The Company solidly promotes
                theoretical research in the areas of trading strategies, risk management and products designing to
                empower operational decisions; proactively strengthens communication and exchange with regulatory
                authorities, the Shanghai Commercial Paper Exchange Corporation Ltd., industry associations and the
                banking industry, and enhances the publicity and promotion of the Company’s bill products to build
                the brand “Zheyin Bill” (浙銀票據). According to the evaluation results of Shanghai Commercial Paper
                Exchange Corporation Ltd. in 2023, the Company received five major awards including the “Outstanding
                Specialized Business Organization – Outstanding Discounting Organization” (優秀專項業務機構 － 優秀貼
                現機構), “Outstanding Discounting Participating Organization” (優秀貼現通參與機構), “Outstanding Supply
                Chain Bill Participating Organization” (優秀供應鏈票據參與機構), “Outstanding Organization for Enterprise
                Promotion of New Generation System” (優秀新一代系統企業推廣機構) and “Outstanding Commercial Bill
                Information Disclosure Service Organization” (優秀商票信息披露服務機構).

      (5)       Asset custodian business
                The Company’s asset custodian business line focused on customers, pushed forward digital
                transformation, ensured safe and efficient operation. During the reporting period, the key indicators of
                the Company’s asset custodian business outperformed the general trend. According to the relevant data
                from China Banking Association in 2023, the Company ranked No. 1 among national banks in terms of
                the incremental volume and growth rate of custodian income during the reporting period.

                During the reporting period, the Company followed up the transformation of asset management industry,
                explored business innovation mode, constantly enriched and improved the custodian product line,
                strengthened the marketing of key products such as funds, securities, insurance and trust, continuously
                strengthened the efficient coordination of the “five business segments”, and always adhered to the
                comprehensive and coordinated development of efficiency, quality and scale. As at the end of the
                reporting period, balance of assets under custody of the Company passed the RMB2 trillion threshold to
                RMB2.25 trillion, representing an increase of 15.73% as compared to the beginning of the year. In 2023,
                the Company realized asset custodian income of RMB594 million, representing an increase of 11.86% as
                compared to last year.

                During the reporting period, the number and size of public funds under the custody of the Company kept
                a good growth. As at the end of the reporting period, there were 259 public funds under the custody
                of the Company, converging various types of public fund products, representing an increase of 11.64%
                as compared to the beginning of the year. Size of custody amounted to RMB434.2 billion, representing
                an increase of 19.31% from the beginning of the year. In 2023, there were 35 new public funds under
                custody, with a total initial offering size of RMB82 billion, ranked No. 2 among all custodian banks.

                In the meantime, the Company solidly promotes the digitalization construction, iterating all types of
                custodian business systems by means of financial technology, continuously sorting out and optimizing
                the custodian operation process, significantly improving the per capita efficiency and the overall business
                capacity, continuously providing customers with highly efficient and high-quality custodian services.
                                                                                              Annual Report 2023   073




                                                 Management Discussion and Analysis


4.   Great Asset Management Segment
     The Company is committed to building a brand of asset management business with “professional
     management, customer first, differentiated competition and efficiency in priority”, and has continuously
     strengthened its investment and research capabilities, enriched product system, improved risk
     management and strengthened financial technology support. During the reporting period, the Company
     was authorized to establish CZB Wealth Management Co. Ltd. (浙銀理財有限責任公司).

     In 2023, the Company’s asset management brand was widely recognized by the society. The new hybrid
     wealth management product series, Yongyi Zengli Zunxiang No. 1 (涌益增利尊享1號), was awarded the
     “Golden Honor Award – Outstanding Hybrid Bank Wealth Management Product” (金譽獎 － 優秀混合類銀
     行理財產品) by PYSTANDARD. Juxin Win A One-Year Fixed Deposit No. 1 (聚鑫贏A一年定開1號) wealth
     management product won the “2023 Golden Bull Award for Bank Wealth Management Products in
     Banking Industry in China” (2023年中國銀行業銀行理財產品金牛獎). In the first annual “Golden Hazelnut
     Award” (金榛子獎) of CLS for global asset management, “Yongxin Tianli Anxiang Series” (涌薪添利安享
     系列) wealth management product won the “Fixed Income Award for the Best Return” (固收最佳回報獎)
     and the Bank was honored the “Outstanding Social Responsibility Award” (卓越社會責任獎).

     The Company continued to improve the net-value product system, and continuously enriched the series
     of wealth management products such as “Shengxin Win” (升鑫贏), “Juxin Win” (聚鑫贏), “Yongxin” (涌薪),
     “Yongying” (涌盈), “Xinze” (昕澤), “Mingquan” (鳴泉), “Yongyi” (涌益) covering cash management, fixed
     income, “Fixed Income Plus” and hybrid products.

     As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of the Company’s wealth management products
     amounted to RMB149.182 billion, of which 91.66% and 8.34% were funds of individual and institutional
     clients respectively; the balance of net-value wealth management products amounted to RMB146.261
     billion, accounting for 98.04% of wealth management. During the reporting period, the Company
     issued a total of RMB400.279 billion of wealth management products and realized income from asset
     management services fee of RMB435 million.

5.   Great Cross-border Segment
     The Company actively responded to “The Belt and Road Initiative” of China and actively integrated into
     the new pattern of domestic and international double-cycle development. Adhering to the tenet of “serving
     customers and giving back to the society” and the concept of “technologies empower digital intelligent
     innovation, and sticking closely to the physical scenarios service”, the Company continues to enhance
     foreign exchange business and cross-border financial diversified products innovation from the perspective
     of customers and provides enterprises with a full ecological chain of services covering international
     settlement, trade financing, foreign exchange transactions, and cross-border investment and financing,
     fully supporting the development of the real economy of foreign-funded or foreign trade industries and
     helping the construction of a common prosperity demonstration zone in Zhejiang.
074   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis


                The Company is determined to promote a high level of financial liberalization and has maintained a rapid
                growth trend in the scale of international business services, continuously enhancing its social influence
                and industrial competitiveness. In 2023, the Company provided international clearing services amounting
                to US$409.3 billion, representing an increase of 36% as compared to last year; and customer foreign
                exchange trading services amounting to US$157.3 billion, representing an increase of 25% as compared
                to last year, of which, the transaction volume of “Zheshang Trading Treasure” (浙商交易寶) amounted
                to US$57.8 billion. The Company has taken various measures to maintain the stability and improve the
                quality of foreign trade, continued to promote the special services for new sectors of foreign trade, and
                guided its branches to promote services tailored to local conditions and to build up a reputation for
                featured services in subsectors such as foreign integrated platform, cross-border e-commerce, market
                procurement, and freight forwarding. Among them, the cross-border e-commerce settlement and
                payment services amounted to US$72.3 billion, representing an increase of 26% as compared to last
                year.

                Relying on the two platforms, namely the sub-accounting unit in free trade zone and Hong Kong Branch,
                the Company strengthens the integrated financial support in local and foreign currencies, domestic and
                foreign trade, and domestic and foreign markets, fully utilizes the innovation of the big data mode, and
                continuously extends the application of “pooling” and “chaining” scenarios, integrates the employment
                of cross-border guaranteed financing, overseas bond investment, international syndicated loan, cross-
                border financial consulting and other financial services, providing all-around, one-stop and comprehensive
                service for domestic and overseas enterprises to conduct investing and financing, M&A, listing and other
                businesses. As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of assets under the international business
                amounted to RMB142.8 billion, representing an increase of 36% as compared to the beginning of the
                year, showing an increase in both of the cross-border comprehensive financial service capability and
                market reputation.

      (VIII) FINANCIAL TECHNOLOGY
                During the reporting period, the Company focused on intelligent operation, comprehensively promoted
                the strategic deployment of “technology-driven bank development”, and deepened the digitalization
                reform. With the accelerated integration and innovation of digital technology and business models,
                increasingly consolidated data and technology support, steady improvement in precise operation and
                maintenance, continuous enhancement of security and defense capabilities, and continuous innovation in
                the management system and mechanism, the Company has made every effort to build up a digital base
                for financial services, thus ensuring the Bank’s high-quality development and stability.

      1.        Intensify implementation of digital reform, polishing the golden name card of
                “Digital Intelligence CZBank”
                Adhering to the problem-oriented and goal-oriented approach, we pay close attention to the expansion
                of system infrastructure and the innovation of application scenarios. We strengthen top-level design and
                strategic planning, enrich and improve the “185N” system structure, deepen the creation of the “Digital
                Intelligence CZBank” brand, and enhance the strengths of the financial consulting system, supply chain
                finance and inclusive finance with digitization, so as to form and publish the first batch of landmark
                achievements of the digitization reform. We rapidly integrate into the “big scenario” of digital economy
                innovation and quality improvement, strengthen the innovation of digital financial products, services,
                operation modes and systems, deepen the breadth and depth of cooperation between government and
                enterprise platforms, promote data integration and sharing, and help construct a win-win digital financial
                service ecosystem.
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023   075




                                                    Management Discussion and Analysis


2.   Digital empowerment for intelligent operation, creating a strong engine for
     financial services
     Continuously deepening the construction of the “1+8” digital intelligence system and promote the
     innovative application of financial services. Firstly, building a diversified and digitalized financial service
     product system. We have built a unified product management, marketing and customer service platform
     for the Bank to support rapid product launch and flexible configuration, and actively promote multi-
     dimensional product innovation. We have developed “Zhe ge hao • shu yi dai” (浙個好•數易貸) inclusive
     product series, supply chain finance, and “Zheshang Trading Treasure” (浙商交易寶) to fully utilize the
     strengths of our long term business and tap into the sustainable growth points of business. Secondly,
     enriching and improving our online and offline integrated operation system. We have established a
     new counter system and a remote banking platform and built the “Zhe e ban” (浙e辦) service brand to
     support remote processing of corporate business and realize leading coverage of personal business
     functions in the industry. Customer experience and satisfaction are continuously improved. We continued
     to strengthen the construction of mobile banking life scenarios and branch featured areas, and
     significantly improved the accuracy and security of face recognition. Thirdly, building a series of tools for
     internal management digitization. Focusing on the application scenarios of people, capital and goods, we
     have newly built and continued to iterate and improve the operation and management cockpit, financial
     consultant digital management platform, index management platform, national digital archive, supervision
     and reporting platform, digital party building system and other digital management application platforms,
     which effectively drive the efficiency and precision of management decision-making and promote staff
     collaboration and work efficiency.

3.   Steadily promote foundation consolidation and innovation, and strengthen the
     hard power of digital technology
     We have steadily pushed forward the breakthrough on system foundation and continued to develop
     technological innovation to strengthen the support of digitization on the bank’s high-quality development.
     Firstly, data governance is effective. We have built an enterprise-level data governance and control
     platform, strengthened the construction of data models and data scenarios, and promoted the use of
     data products based on the easy-check platform for the head office and branches, which significantly
     enhanced data availability for the Bank. Secondly, continuously consolidate our technological foundation.
     We constantly improve the enterprise-level basic technology framework, promote the replacement
     of infrastructure and application systems with domestic-made ones, and continue to make efforts in
     cloud computing, distributed database, micro-service capability enhancement, etc. We also built basic
     platforms for real-time computing, privacy computing, data modeling, AI basic capability, etc., so as to
     quickly respond to business innovations. Thirdly, make continuous efforts in technological innovation. Two
     national block chain pilot projects, namely “block chain + risk management” and “block chain + trade
     finance”, were checked and accepted. We have also implemented the deepening of important scenarios
     such as “cross-bank statement verification” (跨行流水驗真) and “post-loan fund supervision” (貸後資金監
     管). The “Network Security Innovation Workshop” (網絡安全創新工作室) was successfully selected as one
     of the first batch of labor models and craftsmen’s innovation workshops, which is fully integrated into the
     promotion of security ecosystem construction. The Company and Huawei jointly set up a demonstration
     site for digital operation of financial data centers (Tern) (燕鷗) to promote the innovation and practice of
     technology application.
076   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis


      4.        Enhance the lean operation and maintenance capability to ensure safe and stable
                production
                The Bank has been vigorously promoting the “Woodpecker” action to ensure safe, stable and efficient
                production and operation, and to ensure the steady and long-term development of the Bank’s high-quality
                development. Firstly, we have strengthened the construction of an integrated operation and maintenance
                system, uploaded the Tern digital map, compass and other platform tools, and built up the five
                capabilities of “monitoring, management, control, healing and prevention” to strengthen the quality and
                efficiency of problem discovery, positioning and disposal in the whole chain, thus significantly improving
                the comprehensive level of operation and maintenance. Secondly, we have deepened the construction of
                disaster tolerance system, and all important systems have been dual-active, with the capability of rapid
                system switching in minutes, rapid traffic scheduling in seconds, and 24-hour independent operation,
                etc. The intra-city disaster recovery supports 100% automated, one-button overall switching, which can
                steadily guarantee the continuity of business services. Thirdly, we have established a 7*24 integrated
                security operation mechanism for all-round security monitoring, identification, tracking, alert, response
                and disposal, with an automated disposal rate of approximately 98% on the platform, realizing a closed
                loop of disposal in seconds for most cases and enhancing security operation intelligence. With “zero
                accident” and “zero error”, the Company has successfully completed the network security tasks during
                the Asian Games and other important security periods and participated in national, provincial, and
                municipal network security attacks and defense drills with excellent results.

      5.        Optimize the science and technology management mechanism to empower science
                and technology services win support among the people
                We iteratively improve the mechanism of science and technology management, promote the change-
                oriented organization, and provide strong technology support. Firstly, based on professional training
                and position training, the Company organizes a number of activities such as lectures by experts, skill
                competitions, external competitions, digital capacity enhancement, and technical research studios,
                to create a technical learning atmosphere of learning and competing with each other. Secondly, we
                take optimization and upgrading of the ITBP service as a key to comprehensively strengthen the
                empowerment services for the head office and branches. Each business department in head office has
                a specially-assigned person and all branches are provided with regular services, to continuously improve
                the service effectiveness through efficient and collaborative organization construction. Thirdly, we have
                created the “Mr. Science Service” (科服君) to handle the technology-related issues of the head office and
                branches to facilitate the daily work of employees.

                In 2023, our financial technology published more than 20 papers, journals and white papers, applied
                for more than 110 patents cumulatively, participated in the formulation of more than 100 standards at
                home and abroad, and obtained more than 40 software copyrights. The Company has won 72 awards,
                including Outstanding Application of Digital Reform, Financial Network Security Capability Pioneer
                Organization, Financial Technology Application Innovation Award, and People’s Bank of China Threat
                Intelligence Reporting Outstanding Contribution Award. The pilot work of “One Statement Connect” (一表
                通) was commended by the National Financial Regulatory Administration and Zhejiang Regulatory Bureau,
                “Protecting the Network 2023” (護網2023) Cyber Attack and Defense Exercise was recognized in writing
                by The Ministry of Public Security and Jinfubao-small and micro (金服寶•小微) and Supply Chain Finance
                were awarded the 2022 PBOC FinTech Development Award.
                                                                                                Annual Report 2023   077




                                                   Management Discussion and Analysis



(IX)   E-Finance Services
       During the reporting period, the Company has formed a complete E-finance service system consisting
       of online banking, mobile banking, remote banking, bank-enterprise direct connection, and WeChat
       banking. The replacement rate of transactions online reached 99.85%, taking a leading position in the
       industry. During the reporting period, the Company vigorously promoted the construction of E-finance
       channels, strengthened customer experience and improved risk control measures, resulting in steady
       growth of channel customers, continuous improvement in the quality and efficiency of business scale and
       sustained enhancement of channel service capability.

       Online banking
       During the reporting period, the Company was customer-oriented and continuously optimized personal
       online banking experience, simplified the operations of frequently used functions, enriched channel
       service scenarios and extended customer channel services. As of the end of the reporting period, the
       Company had 1,714,100 customers with personal online banking certificates, representing an increase
       of 4.22% as compared to the beginning of the year, and 32,500 monthly active customers. During the
       reporting period, the Company conducted 228.2219 million transactions totaling RMB490.842 billion via
       personal online banking.

       During the reporting period, based on the genuine need of enterprises, the Company launched the
       English version of corporate online banking; added important functions such as utility bill payment,
       payroll agency services, batch order preparation and download; optimized security controls such as
       internet banking assistant, limit management, login control, etc., and continued to simplify the operation
       of frequently used functions to further reduce customer operations and enhance customer experience. As
       of the end of the reporting period, the Company had 248,500 customers with corporate online banking
       certificates, representing a year-on-year increase of 16.44%. During the reporting period, the Company
       conducted 104.3102 million transactions, totaling RMB19,760.593 billion via corporate online banking.

       Mobile banking
       During the reporting period, the Company has established a mobile banking working group responsible
       for coordinating and promoting the development of mobile banking functions and a “customer-employee-
       expert” experiencing team, aiming to continuously strengthen the optimization of mobile banking
       experience. We have refreshed and upgraded wealth management homepage, credit card channel page,
       loan homepage and payment homepage, added more than 20 new lifestyle services, and constructed
       financial consultancy and city featured columns. A new facial recognition system has been launched
       to further improve the recognition accuracy level, thus increasing the empirical application transaction
       scenarios and further improving the signature verification strategy. Besides, the Company optimized
       functions such as registration and login, transfer and remittance, account details, and homepage
       dropdown to continuously enhance customer experience. As of the end of the reporting period, the
       Company had 6,081,600 personal mobile banking customers, representing an increase of 17.84% as
       compared to the beginning of the year, including 1,859,100 monthly active customers, representing a
       year-on-year increase of 35.05%. During the reporting period, the Company conducted 116,875,300
       transactions totaling RMB952.328 billion via mobile banking.
078   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis


                Remote banking
                During the reporting period, the Company established a sub-division, the Remote Banking Division,
                which specializes in customers’ remote operating projects. The Company upheld the service philosophy
                of “customer-oriented, beyond expectation”. By applying multi-channel service platform, big data and
                intelligent technology, and leveraging on intelligent voice devices, intelligent online robot, telephone
                operator service, online manpower service, WeChat, email and other means, the Company provided
                customers with rapid, comprehensive and professional high-quality services. Focusing on the three
                core functions, namely “24-hour intelligent customer service”, “digital-intelligent customer marketing
                and maintenance” and “intelligent operation management”, the Company is committed to establishing a
                comprehensive, digital and value oriented remote banking center integrating “intelligent service, digital-
                intelligent operation, and smart operation” as a 7*24 comprehensive one-stop service platform.

                During the reporting period, the Bank received 3,292,200 customer inquiries, with 26.35% increase year-
                on-year and an overall connection rate of 96.51%. In particular, it received 2,460,200 calls, with manned
                telephone connection rate of 91.83% and customer satisfaction rate of 99.84%. It recorded a complaint
                resolution rate of 100% as a better assurance of customer service experience.

                Besides, the Bank has been exploring the establishment of a layered customer management system
                featuring a combination of “manual+intelligent” and “online+offline” through diversified remote business
                channels such as SMS, intelligent outbound calls, and manual outbound calls customers. During the
                reporting period, the Bank reached 3,813,300 customers by remote outbound calls, representing
                an increase of 148.81% as compared to last year, which continuously empowered our business and
                supported the business expansion of the whole bank.

                Bank-enterprise direct connection and inter-bank cash management
                During the reporting period, the Company continued to optimize the functions of bank-enterprise direct
                connection and inter-bank cash management. At the same time, the construction of the treasury system
                was fully launched and a special team was set up. The Company added the functions of customer
                cloud direct connection mode, electronic tax payment voucher, and certificate/service fee expiration
                reminder, to continuously improve the user experience. As of the end of the reporting period, the
                Company had 1,518 core customers of bank-enterprise direct connection, representing an increase of
                44.57% as compared to the beginning of the year. During the reporting period, the customers of the
                Company handled 393,100 transfers via bank-enterprise direct connection, and the transfer amount was
                RMB3,083.145 billion.

                WeChat banking
                During the reporting period, the Company was committed to developing WeChat banking into an
                important platform for the introduction of new financial services and brand marketing. Its WeChat banking
                consists of CZBank’s WeChat official account and CZBank’s WeChat official mini program. CZBank’s
                WeChat official account offers functions including credit cards and personal, small and micro enterprises
                and corporate, and recruitment and other services. CZBank’s WeChat official mini program’ functions
                include outlet appointment, personal loans, featured activities and supply chain contracting.
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2023   079




                                                      Management Discussion and Analysis


       Online settlement business
       During the reporting period, the Company proactively explored business innovation, and guided by the
       demands of government authorities and real enterprises and public institutions, strengthened the support
       and application promotion of online settlement services, and realized innovative application expansion
       of multiple scenarios such as deposit payment, supply chain finance, e-government and school bill
       payment. As at the end of the reporting period, the Company had 5,299 service items for its network
       settlement business and annual average daily deposits of RMB122.265 billion, up 9.94% year-on-year.

(X)    Business of Overseas Branch
       The Company’s Hong Kong Branch was established in 2018 and is the first branch established overseas.
       The Hong Kong Branch starts with cross-border linkage business, and provides efficient and convenient
       cross-border financial services to customers of the domestic branches through product portfolios such
       as domestically guaranteed business, US dollar bond underwriting, cross-border asset pool, trade
       finances and funds transactions on behalf of the customers, giving full play to the strategic synergy.
       During the year, the Hong Kong Branch proactively implemented the Bank’s strategic plan of building the
       assets with low sensitivity to economic cycle as a ballast stone, focusing on increasing the total volume
       of customer services and driving a continuous increase in the proportion of non-interest income. As an
       offshore platform for internationalization of the clients, the Hong Kong Branch focuses on consolidating
       and enhancing its market position and advantages in offshore US dollar bond underwriting and cross-
       border secured financing business, as well as fostering its ability to take the lead in syndicated loan
       origination and distribution in order to respond to the diversified financial service needs of its customers.
       Looking ahead, the Hong Kong Branch will rely on the Group’s advantages in large cross-border
       business to continuously improve its service functions and enhance its service efficiency; actively explore
       the practice of “financial services for good” and green financial services; make use of digitalization and bill
       pooling to promote the application of on-site financial services; and strive to build up a financial service
       brand with distinctive features and outstanding capabilities, so as to contribute to the internationalization
       of the Bank as a whole.

       As of the end of the reporting period, the total assets of Hong Kong Branch of the Company were
       HK$56.422 billion, of which other financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
       amounted to HK$18.108 billion, accounting for 32.09%; and net loans and advances to customers
       amounted to HK$25.556 billion, accounting for 45.29%. During the reporting period, the net profit was
       HK$513 million.

(XI)   Major Subsidiaries and Equity Participation Companies
1.     Major Subsidiaries
       Zheyin Financial Leasing, a national non-bank financial institution approved and regulated by the former
       CBIRC, is a 51%-owned subsidiary of our Bank.

       Established on January 18, 2017, the principal business scope of Zheyin Financial Leasing covers
       leasing, transfer and grant of financial leasing assets, investment in fixed-income securities, acceptance
       of lease deposits from lessees, acceptance of fixed deposits of 3 months (inclusive) or longer from non-
       bank shareholders, inter-bank lending, borrowing from financial institutions, overseas borrowing, sale
       and disposal of leasehold, economic consulting as well as other businesses approved by the regulatory
       authority.
080   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis


                In 2023, Zheyin Financial Leasing was committed to the long-term vision of being the largest and most
                excellent financial leasing company in the province and the medium-term goal of becoming a medium-
                sized financial leasing company with distinctive competitiveness by 2025. Focusing on uprightness
                and goodness, intelligent operation, diligence and courage, guided by the latest strategic deployment
                of the parent bank, and taking professional transformation as the mainline, it achieved a high-quality
                development, and the growth rates of assets and revenues were significantly higher than the average
                level of the industry. The company was awarded the “May Day Labor Award of Zhejiang Province” (浙江
                省五一勞動獎狀), “Advanced Unit in Supporting Economic and Social Development of Zhejiang Province”
                (支持浙江經濟社會發展先進單位), “Special Contributing Enterprise for the 10th Anniversary of the
                Construction of the New Area of Zhoushan Islands in Zhejiang Province” (浙江舟山群島新區建設10週年
                特別貢獻企業), “Outstanding Contributing Enterprise of Yangtze River Delta Financial Leasing” (長三角
                融資租賃突出貢獻企業) and other important awards. Its competitiveness, social influence and corporate
                cohesion continue to improve. As at the end of the reporting period, the company had 241 employees,
                total assets of RMB68.381 billion and net assets of RMB6.801 billion, and realized operating revenue of
                RMB2.181 billion and net profit of RMB909 million in 2023.

                In 2023, the company comprehensively deepened the “three specializations”, “three digitizations” and
                “three platforms”, accelerated the enhancement of its core competitiveness, and built an intelligent
                operation system with characteristics of financing leasing. In terms of the “three specializations”, we have
                continuously improved the “5+2” integrated customer service system based on industry specialization
                and model specialization, and the risk management system based on asset management specialization.
                Industry specialization has formed a sub-sector industry system with modern agriculture and animal
                husbandry, segmentation of vessels, household photovoltaic and green building as cornerstones, and
                industrial and commercial photovoltaic storage, engineering machinery and coal char as new growth
                points, with the increase of sub-segments with distinctive competitiveness; model specialization focuses
                on building the supply chain of manufacturers and financial leasing-commercial leasing cooperation (租租
                合作), with the business contribution increasing; asset management specialization, with breakthroughs in
                household photovoltaic, marine and other areas, has gradually built up the asset management capability
                of “seeing clearly, controlling firmly and selling well” in niche markets. At present, the proportion of assets
                in the Company’s specialized segment has reached 56%, which has become the Company’s most high-
                quality, stable and distinctive “ballast”. In terms of “three digitizations”, the Company has closely followed
                the decision and deployment of the No. 1 Project of digital economy in Zhejiang Province, relying on the
                advantages of Zhejiang’s digital economy, and focusing on the “three digitizations” of financial services,
                risk control and internal management, the company continues to improve its digitalization system with
                the “Hui Leasing” (惠租) inclusive leasing platform, “Hui Control” (惠控) asset control platform, and “Hui
                Management” (惠管) digital intelligence center as the featured applications, and strives to become a
                leader in the leasing industry’s digital transformation. In terms of the “three platforms”, focusing on bank-
                lease linkage, investment-lease linkage and financial leasing-commercial leasing cooperation, and using
                the financial consultancy mechanism as a bridge, the Company will continue to deepen the linkage and
                cooperation with banks, industry funds and leasing companies to enhance its integrated financial service
                capability.
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2023   081




                                                    Management Discussion and Analysis


2.   Equity Participation Companies
                                                         Place of         Date of       Number of          Investment
     Equity Participation Companies                 Incorporation   Incorporation          Share              Amount


     China UnionPay Co., Ltd                            Shanghai        2002-3-26        34 million     RMB25 million
     National Financing Guarantee Fund Co., Ltd           Beijing       2018-7-26         1 billion      RMB1 billion


(XII) Outlook
     The year 2024 will mark the 75th anniversary of the founding of the People’s Republic of China, and will
     be a critical year for realizing the objectives of the “14th Five-Year” plan. China’s economic work will
     adhere to the general principle of “pursuing progress while ensuring stability”, and put the principles of
     “pursuing progress while ensuring stability, promoting stability by making progress, and first stand and
     then break” into all aspects. We will strive to make greater progress in constructing a new development
     pattern, promoting high-quality development, deepening reform and opening up, achieving a high level of
     scientific and technological self-reliance, and promoting rural revitalization. In addition, China will enhance
     economic vitality, prevent and defuse risks, and improve social expectations, consolidate and strengthen
     the economy recovery, in order to improve the people’s livelihoods, maintain social stability, and steadily
     drive the Chinese-style modernization. China will strengthen the counter-cyclical and cross-cyclical
     adjustments of macro policies, continue to implement proactive fiscal policies and prudent monetary
     policies, strengthen the innovation and coordination of policy tools, implementing proactive fiscal policies
     of “moderate enhancement of quality and effectiveness”, and prudent monetary policies of “flexible and
     moderate, precise and effective”.

     The Company understands that the central bank’s prudent monetary policy in 2024 will make
     comprehensive use of a variety of monetary policy tools to maintain reasonably abundant liquidity in
     terms of volume, moderate credit growth, and match the scale of social financing and money supply with
     the expected targets of economic growth and price level. Through a combination of price and volume
     control, we will guide the capital interest rate flat to down, reduce consumption and investment costs,
     stimulate the vitality of micro entities, and promote the restoration of vitality of inner circulation. In terms
     of structure, we aim at accuracy, utilize structural monetary policy tools as guidance, and provide more
     financial supports for key areas such as small and micro enterprises, science and technology innovation
     enterprises, and key projects to promote a high level of openness, and prudently push forward the
     internationalization of RMB. The Company understands that in 2024, strong and stringent supervision
     will continue, the responsibilities of local financial supervision will be further clarified, and the National
     Financial Regulatory Administration will further improve the full-coverage financial supervisory mechanism.
     It will firmly adhere to the main responsibility of supervision and effectively prevent and resolve risks in
     key areas of the capital market, firmly hold the bottom line of not occurring systematic financial risks, and
     promote the virtuous cycle of finance and real estate. In addition, it will cooperate with local governments
     in resolving their debt risks, and prevent and resolve the risks of small and medium-sized financial
     institutions. Further, it will adhere to the direction of marketization, legalization and internationalization,
     promote the high-level and two-way liberalization of the capital market in an orderly manner, and
     construct a supervisory capacity and risk prevention and control system that matches the degree of
     liberalization, driving the high-quality economic development and accelerating the construction of a
     “financial powerhouse”.
082   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis


                In 2024, the Company will fully implement the spirit of the Central Financial Work Conference and the
                Central Economic Work Conference, and carefully implement the spirit of the fifth meeting of the 14th
                Provincial Party Committee and the spirit of provincial leadership and supervision instructions. With
                the vision of a being a “first class commercial bank”, we will promote the concept of finance for good,
                constantly deepen the five-word ecology consisting of “integrity, simplicity, professionalism, cooperation
                and honesty”, vigorously promote the “Four Dos” spirit of “do, do good, do it well and do well in it” and
                systematically practice the three-word primer of “goodness, intelligence and diligence”. The Company
                will deepen the implementation of the twelve-word operation approach of “consolidating corporate
                foundation, adjusting corporate structure, controlling corporate risks, increasing corporate profitability”
                and the four strategic focuses of “introduce systematic digital transformation, deepen comprehensive
                development in all aspects, seek synergetic development of all five segments and embark on a new
                journey of wealth management”, and continue to develop assets with low sensitivity to economic cycle
                as a ballast stone. With digitization as the main line and scenario as the core, we will consolidate our
                foundation, strengthen our management and create our features, make a great effort on implementation
                and deepening, unite our hearts and efforts and strive for future. We will write a new chapter on the new
                journey of “three first-class” high-quality development.
                                                                                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2023   083




                                                                                                                                                 Corporate Governance


(I)               Chart of Organizational Structure
              Strategic and Sustainable
              Development Committee                                                                 General Meeting


                    Audit Committee


        Risk and Related Party Transaction                                                                                                                              Supervision Committee
                Control Committee

           Nomination and Remuneration
                                                                             Board of Directors                        Supervisory Committee
                    Committee                                                                                                                                           Nomination Committee

            Consumer Rights Protection
                  Committee

          Inclusive Finance Development
                     Committee
                                                                                                  Senior Management


               Board of Directors Office                                                                                      Audit Department                       Supervisory Committee Office




                                                              Zhejiang Headquarters



                                                                         Branch



                                                                     Sub Branch




                     Corporate Banking Department                                             Credit Assessment Department
                                                                                                                                                    Technology Innovation Center*
                      Small Enterprise Credit Center                                              Special Assets Department
                      (Inclusive Finance Department)                                                                                                  Centralized Procurement
                                                                                                                                                       Management Center*
                                                                                                  Operations Management
                        Retail Finance Department                                                       Department

                    Credit Card (Consumer Finance)
                              Department
                                                                                           Development & Planning Department
                       Private Banking Department
                                                                                            Planning and Finance Department
                          Retail Credit Department
                                                                                             Asset and Liability Management
                                                                                                      Department
                     Financial Institutions Department
                                                                                              Risk Management Department

                                                                                           Internal Control and Compliance and
                   Supply Chain Finance Department
                                                                                                  Legal Affairs Department

                    Wealth Management Department                                           Technology Management Department


                     Investment Banking Department


                   International Business Department                                               General Executive Office


                       Internet Finance Department                                            Human Resource Department

                                                                                              Logistics Support Department
                        Asset Custody Department
                                                                                                  (Security Department)

                     Asset Management Department



                          Capital Operation Center


                         Bill Business Department


  Note: Institutions marked with * are directly under the head office.
084   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Corporate Governance



      (II)      Overview of Corporate Governance
                The Company always makes unremitted efforts to pursue standardized business operation and
                extraordinary corporate governance since improving corporate governance is the top priority of achieving
                high-quality development. The Company continuously improves corporate governance structure
                consisting of the general meeting, the Board of Directors, the supervisory committee and the Senior
                Management according to the relevant laws, regulations and regulatory requirements. Each corporate
                governance body operates independently, with effective checks and balances, cooperating with each
                other and functioning in a coordinated manner.

                The Board of Directors of the Company takes corporate governance legality and compliance as the
                bottom line, draws on the best practices of outstanding companies as the direction, improves the system
                of corporate governance mechanism as the basis and gives full play to the decision-making role of the
                Board of Directors as the core, so as to strives to build a corporate governance mechanism with clear
                boundaries of responsibilities, orderly checks and balances and collaboration, democratic and scientific
                decision-making, and standardized and efficient operation.

                In 2023, the Company continued to integrate the Party’s leadership into the process of corporate
                governance and play a key role of Party committee in grasping the direction, planning for the big picture,
                formulating policies and promoting development. We further clarified the responsibilities of governance
                body including shareholders, the General Meeting, the Board of Directors and the supervisory committee,
                enhancing the quality and effectiveness of corporate governance; meanwhile, we optimized the
                authorization system of corporate governance and make it specific, listed and procedural, which can
                ensure the effective connection and integration of the Board of Directors and the decision-making by
                senior management with the system of “Three Importance and One Greatness” and the pre-research
                mechanism of the Party Committee.

                During the reporting period, the Company was included in the Excellent Board Practice Cases of Listed
                Companies in 2023 by the Association of Listed Companies in China.

                The meetings held during the reporting period were as follows: one annual general meeting, one
                extraordinary general meeting; eleven meetings of Board of Directors; two meetings of Strategic and
                Sustainable Development Committee, five meetings of Audit Committee, six meetings of Risk and Related
                Party Transaction Control Committee, ten meetings of Nomination and Remuneration Committee, three
                meetings of Consumer Rights Protection Committee and one meeting of Inclusive Finance Development
                Committee.

      (III) General Meeting
                Pursuant to the Articles of Association, the shareholders’ general meeting is the top governing body
                of the Company, which manages and supervises the Company through the Board of Directors and the
                supervisory committee. The Company raised an independent resolution for each actually independent
                matter at the general meeting, and voted by ballot to ensure that all shareholders fully and equally enjoy
                the right to know, the right to speak, the right to raise questions, the right to vote and other rights.

                During the reporting period, the Company held the 2022 Annual General Meeting on May 4, 2023 and
                the 2023 first Extraordinary General Meeting on December 19, 2023. For details of relevant proposals
                and relevant announcements about resolutions adopted at the meetings, please refer to the relevant
                announcements in connection with the general meetings published by the Company on the websites of
                the Shanghai Stock Exchange, the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the Company.
                                                                                                Annual Report 2023   085




                                                                           Corporate Governance


     The convening, notifying, holding and voting procedures for the above-mentioned meetings are in
     compliance with the relevant provisions of the Company Law, the listing rules of both the domestic and
     overseas listing venues of the Company and the Articles of Association. The Chairman of the meetings
     has explained the detailed procedures for voting by poll to the Shareholders at the general meetings.
     Lawyers were invited to witness onsite and provide legal opinions for the meetings.

(IV) Board of Directors
1.   Composition of the Board of Directors
     As at the end of the reporting period, the Board of Directors of the Company comprised 14 directors,
     of which 4 were Executive Directors, namely Mr. Lu Jianqiang, Mr. Zhang Rongsen, Ms. Ma Hong and
     Mr. Chen Haiqiang; 5 were Non-executive Directors, namely Mr. Hou Xingchuan, Mr. Ren Zhixiang, Ms.
     Gao Qinhong, Mr. Hu Tiangao and Mr. Zhu Weiming; and 5 were independent Non-executive Directors,
     namely Mr. Zhou Zhifang, Mr. Wang Guocai, Mr. Wang Wei, Mr. Xu Yongbin and Mr. Fu Tingmei. Not
     less than 1/3 of the members of the Board of Directors of the Company were Independent Non-executive
     Directors, and the Independent Non-executive Directors complied with the Rule 3.10(2) of the Hong
     Kong Listing Rules, who had appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or related financial
     management expertise. The number and composition of Independent Non-executive Directors are in
     compliance with relevant laws, regulations and requirements of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.

     The Board of Directors of the Company was rationally structured with experienced members. The
     executive Directors are diligent, professional and efficient, while the Non-executive Directors are equipped
     with rich banking or enterprise management experiences, and the Independent Non-executive Directors’
     knowledge and background covering various areas including economy, finance, securities, accounting
     and law.

     During the reporting period, all directors diligently performed their duties, being present or in attendance
     at relevant meetings in a timely manner; actively participated in discussion on affairs; prudently expressed
     professional opinions; paid continuous attention to conditions of operation and management of the
     Company; actively participated in various training and thematic study and discussion activities; proactively
     improved their ability to perform their duties; continuously improved the scientificity and efficiency of
     decisions, with their high sense of responsibility and excellent professionalism; ensured that commercial
     activities of the Company complied with national laws and regulations and requirements of regulatory
     authorities; and effectively protected legitimate rights and interests of shareholders.

2.   Board Diversity Policy
     The Company considers the diversity of the members of the Board of Directors as an important impetus
     to support the Company in enhancing the corporate governance level and achieving sustainable
     development. The Company has formulated the Board Diversity Policy of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.
     according to the relevant provisions of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. It is expressly provided in the Policy
     that the Board of Directors shall consider various aspects and diversified factors when determining the
     composition of the Board, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background,
     professional experience, skills, knowledge and/or service period, thus ensuring the Board of Directors
     have diversified viewpoints and angles in performing their duties, and forming into a composition model
     of the Board matched with the Company’s development model.
086   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Corporate Governance


                The Board Diversity Policy of the Company comprises of chapters such as purpose, philosophy, policy
                statement, expected objective, supervision and reporting, with the main purpose of recognizing and
                accepting the philosophy of building a diversified Board to strengthen the execution of the Board, and
                affirming the importance of diversity of the Board to achieve strategic objectives. During the reporting
                period, the geographical distribution, educational background and professional experience of members
                of the Board are relatively diversified. Among the 14 directors, two of them are female, and 12 are with
                post graduate diploma or master’s degree or above, including 5 with doctoral diploma. The diversified
                composition of the Board brings a broad vision and a high level of professional experience to the Board
                and maintains an independent element within the Board to ensure that the Board is able to effectively
                make independent judgments and scientific decision when studying and considering material issues. The
                Board will review the implementation and effectiveness of its Board Diversity Policy on an annual basis.

                The Company will ensure gender diversity when recruiting middle and senior staff and are committed to
                providing career development opportunities for female staff so that the Company will have a pipeline of
                potential successors to the Board. As of December 31, 2023, the ratio of male and female employees of
                the Company was 1.259: 1, which was generally in line with the industry level. As of December 31, 2023,
                all of the senior management of the Company were male.

      3.        Responsibilities of the Board of Directors
                According to the Articles of Association, the Board of Directors is the decision-making organ of the
                Company and shall undertake ultimate responsibility for the operation and management of the Company.
                The main responsibilities are as follows: to convene general meetings, present proposals and report to
                shareholders at the general meetings; to implement the resolutions of the general meetings; to formulate
                medium and long-term development plans and development strategies of the Bank and supervise the
                implementation of such development plans and development strategies; to decide the annual appraisal
                indices for the operation of the Bank and approve the annual operation plans of the Bank; to formulate
                our annual financial budgets and final accounts; to formulate our profit distribution plans and plans for
                recovery of losses; to formulate proposals for increase or decrease of our registered capital, issuance of
                shares or bonds with the capital replenishment nature; to decide on issuance of bonds other than those
                with the capital replenishment nature by the Bank; and to formulate proposals for merger, demerger,
                dissolution and liquidation of the Bank.

                The Senior Management of the Company has operational autonomy and makes decision in daily
                operation and management independently under the authority of the Board, and the Board will not
                intervene in specific daily affairs of operation and management of the Company.

                The Board of the Company is responsible for carrying out the corporate governance functions and
                has fulfilled their duties and responsibilities, as set out in Code Provision A.2.1 of the Corporate
                Governance Code. The Board acknowledges that it is responsible for the risk management and internal
                control systems and for reviewing its effectiveness on an annual basis. During the reporting period, the
                Board and its committees reviewed the Company’s compliance with laws, regulatory provisions and
                the Corporate Governance Code and disclosures in the Corporate Governance Report, reviewed and
                monitored the training and continuous professional development of directors and senior management,
                strengthened the Company’s risk management and internal control, and further enhanced the Company’s
                corporate governance policy and regular practice.
                                                                                               Annual Report 2023   087




                                                                          Corporate Governance


4.   Board Independence
     The Company has established following mechanisms to ensure independent views and input are available
     to the Board and the implementation and effectiveness of such mechanisms will be reviewed annually by
     the Board:

     (a)      Five out of the fourteen directors are Independent Non-executive Directors, which exceeds
              the requirement of the Listing Rules that at least one-third of the Board are independent Non-
              executive Directors.

     (b)      The Nomination and Remuneration Committee will assess the independence of a candidate
              who is nominated to be a new independent Non-executive Director before appointment and
              the continued independence of the current long-serving Independent Non-executive Directors
              on an annual basis. All Independent Non-executive Directors are required to submit a written
              confirmation to the Company annually to confirm the independence of each of them and their
              immediate family members, and their compliance with the requirements as set out in the Rule
              3.13 of the Listing Rules.

     (c)      All Directors are entitled to retain independent professional advisors as and when it is required.

     (d)      All Directors are encouraged to express their views in an open and candid manner during the
              Board/Board Committees meetings.

     (e)      The Chairman of the Board will meet with the Independent Non-executive Directors at least
              annually without the presence of the executive Directors.

     (f)      A Director (including Independent Non-executive Directors) who has material interest in any
              contract, transaction or arrangement shall abstain from voting and not be counted in the
              quorum on any Board resolution approving the same.

     (g)      No equity-based remuneration with performance-related elements will be granted to
              Independent Non-executive Directors.
088   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Corporate Governance


      5.        Meetings and Proposals of Board of Directors
                During the reporting period, the Company held 11 meetings of Board of Directors, among which, 4
                were regular meetings and 7 were extraordinary meetings. The main proposals considered at the Board
                meetings were as follows:

                Work Report of the Board of Directors of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2022
                Work Report of President of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2022
                Report of Independent Directors of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2022
                Proposal on Results of 2022 Performance Evaluation of Directors by the Board of Directors
                Proposal on Results of 2022 Performance Evaluation of Senior Management by the Board of Directors
                Internal Audit Work Report of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2022
                Report on Comprehensive Risk Management of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2022
                Report on Implementation of Risk Preference for 2022 and Proposal on Risk Preference for 2023 of
                   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.
                Report on the Implementation of Green Finance of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2022
                Internal Control Evaluation Report of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2022
                2022 Work Report on Protection of Consumer Rights and Interests and 2023 Work Plan of
                   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.
                2022 Work Report on Anti-money Laundering and Counter-terrorist Financing of
                   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.
                Report on Implementation of Related Party Transaction Management System and Particulars of
                   Related Party Transactions of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2022
                Proposal on the Pre-approval limit of Deposit-Type Connected Transactions of
                   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2023
                Social Responsibility Report of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2022
                Proposal on Amending the Articles of Association of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.
                Proposal on Amending the Rules of Procedure of the General Meeting of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.
                Proposal on Amending the Rules of Procedure of the Board of Directors of
                   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.
                Proposal on the Report on the Utilization of the Previously Raised Funds of
                   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.
                2022 Annual Report and its Summary of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. (Domestic Standards and
                   International Standards)
                2022 Audit Report on Internal Control of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.
                Proposal on the Engagement of an Accounting Firm for 2023
                Final Financial Report of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2022
                Profit Distribution Plan of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2022
                2023 Annual Budget Report of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.
                Business Operation Plan of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2023
                Report on the Management and Implementation of the Consolidation of Statements of
                   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2022
                Liability Quality Management Report of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2022
                Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Report of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2023
                Evaluation Report of the Major Shareholders of CZBank
                Evaluation Report of CZBank on the Conduct of the Substantial Shareholders for 2022
                Regulations on Equity Management of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.
                Proposal on the Strategic Committee of the Board of Directors to coordinate the
                   fulfillment of ESG-related duties and to change the name of the Committee and
                   amend the Committee’s Rules of Procedure
                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2023   089




                                                                                           Corporate Governance


6.   Attendance of Directors at the Meetings
     The following table sets forth the records of attendance in person of each Director at the meetings
     convened by the Board of Directors and by special committees under Board of Directors and at the
     shareholders’ general meetings held in 2023.

                                                                          Risk and
                                           Strategic and             Related Party Nomination     Consumer      Inclusive
                                             Sustainable              Transaction          and        Rights     Finance
                                 Board of Development          Audit       Control Remuneration   Protection Development      General
     Directors                   Directors    Committee    Committee   Committee     Committee    Committee    Committee      Meeting


     Executive Directors
     Lu Jianqiang                     3/4            1/1           –            –             –           –             –         1/1
     Zhang Rongsen                  11/11            2/2           –            –             –           –           1/1         2/2
     Ma Hong                        10/11            2/2           –            –             –           –           1/1         2/2
     Chen Haiqiang                   9/11            2/2           –            –             –           –           1/1         2/2

     Non-executive Directors
     Hou Xingchuan                  11/11            2/2           –            –             –           –           1/1         2/2
     Ren Zhixiang                   11/11            2/2           –            –             –           –           1/1         2/2
     Gao Qinhong                    11/11              –           –            –             –           –             –         2/2
     Hu Tiangao                     11/11              –         5/5            –             –           –             –         2/2
     Zhu Weiming                    10/11            2/2           –            –             –           –           1/1         2/2

     Independent Non-executive
       Directors
     Zhou Zhifang                   11/11              –           –          6/6         10/10         3/3             –         2/2
     Wang Guocai                     9/11              –           –          6/6             –         3/3             –         2/2
     Wang Wei                       11/11              –         4/5            –          9/10           –             –         1/2
     Xu Yongbin                     11/11              –         5/5          3/3         10/10           –             –         2/2
     Fu Tingmei                       8/8            1/1           –            –             –         2/2             –         1/1

     Resigned Director
     Zheng Jindu                      7/7              –           –          2/3             –         0/1             –         1/1

     Notes:

     (1)    Times of attention in person/number of meetings that he/she should attend during the reporting period.

     (2)    The above Directors who did not attend the meetings in person had appointed other Directors to attend such
            meetings on their behalf.

     (3)    For details of the change of Directors, please see “Information on Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management,
            Employees and Institutions”.

     (4)    The Chairman held a meeting with Independent Non-executive Directors without the attendance of other
            Directors.
090   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Corporate Governance


      7.        Information on Survey and Training of the Directors
                During the reporting period, certain Board members visited Nanning Branch, Hohhot and Head
                Office risk line to carry out field research in order to collect primary data and understand specific
                conditions of grass-roots organizations as to strategy implementation, risk management and technology
                innovation, and heard the opinions and suggestions of the branches and relevant units on operation
                and management of the Board and the head office, provided targeted guiding opinions, and in a timely
                manner, submitted to the Senior Management relevant opinions and suggestions.

                The Company has always paid attention to continuous training of Directors to ensure that all Directors
                properly understand the operation and businesses of the Company, and their responsibilities under
                relevant laws and regulatory requirements. During the reporting period, the Company invited certain
                Independent Directors to attend results presentation and organized Directors to participate in thematic
                training of Anti-Money Laundering. In addition, the Independent Directors actively participated in various
                lectures and trainings including the 70th Continuing Development Seminar for Professionals organized
                by the Hong Kong Corporate Governance Association, thus effectively widening their vision for macro
                decision-making, improving the ability to understand policies and further improving their ability to perform
                their duties.

                According to the training records for 2023 kept by the Company, the status of relevant training for
                Directors is as follows:

                                                                 Scope of Provision of Information and training
                                                                  Corporate             Finance/        Compliance/
                Directors                                        Governance             Business           Operation


                Executive Directors
                Lu Jianqiang                                                ✓                     ✓                     ✓
                Zhang Rongsen                                               ✓                     ✓                     ✓
                Ma Hong                                                     ✓                     ✓                     ✓
                Chen Haiqiang                                               ✓                     ✓                     ✓

                Non-executive Directors
                Hou Xingchuan                                               ✓                     ✓                     ✓
                Ren Zhixiang                                                ✓                     ✓                     ✓
                Gao Qinhong                                                 ✓                     ✓                     ✓
                Hu Tiangao                                                  ✓                     ✓                     ✓
                Zhu Weiming                                                 ✓                     ✓                     ✓

                Independent Non-executive Directors
                Zhou Zhifang                                                ✓                     ✓                     ✓
                Wang Guocai                                                 ✓                     ✓                     ✓
                Wang Wei                                                    ✓                     ✓                     ✓
                Xu Yongbin                                                  ✓                     ✓                     ✓
                Fu Tingmei                                                  ✓                     ✓                     ✓
                                                                                               Annual Report 2023   091




                                                                           Corporate Governance


8.   Performance of Independent Non-executive Directors
     As of the end of the reporting period, the Company had five Independent Non-executive Directors,
     the number and percentage were in compliance with the relevant laws, regulations and regulatory
     requirements. The Audit Committee, Risk and Related Party Transaction Control Committee, Nomination
     and Remuneration Committee and Consumer Rights Protection Committee under the Board of the
     Company were all chaired by Independent Non-executive Directors, and the Independent Non-executive
     Directors formed majority in such committees. During the reporting period, the independent Non-
     executive Directors actively participated in and provided suggestions and advice at the meetings of
     Board of Directors and the special committees to make effective contribution. Besides, they maintained
     effective communication with the Company through various means, including site visits, special surveys
     and attending training etc.

     The Company has established a mechanism for special meetings of the independent Non-executive
     Directors attended by all independent Non-executive Directors, to study and discuss the independent
     engagement of intermediaries to conduct audit, consultancy and verification of specific matters of the
     Company, to propose to the Board the convening of an extraordinary general meeting, to propose the
     convening of a meeting of the Board, as well as other matters requiring the approval of the majority of all
     independent Directors before they can be submitted to the Board for deliberation. During the reporting
     period, the Company convened two special meetings of independent Directors to study and discuss five
     solutions, and issued a declaration of prior approval by the independent Directors in respect of each of
     these solutions.

     During the reporting period, the Independent Non-executive Directors have presented their professional
     advice on the resolutions considered by the Board of Directors, including offering independent written
     opinions on significant matters, such as the Profit Distribution Scheme, the appointment of Senior
     Management, the engagement of auditing organization and significant related party transactions. In
     addition, for the special committees under the Board of Directors, the Independent Non-executive
     Directors made full advantage of their professional edge, provided professional and independent advice
     regarding corporate governance and operation and management activities of the Company, and thereby
     ensured the scientific decision-making of the Board of Directors.

     The Company has received the annual confirmations from the Independent Non-executive Directors
     according to Rule 3.13 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules regarding their independence, and considered
     that none of the Independent Non-executive Directors was involved in any factor set out in Rule 3.13
     of the Hong Kong Listing Rules that may cast doubt on their independence. Therefore, the Company
     believes that all Independent Non-executive Directors meet the independence criteria as set out in the
     Hong Kong Listing Rules.
092   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Corporate Governance


      9.        Responsibilities of Directors in Preparation of Financial Reports
                The Directors of the Company acknowledged that they were responsible for preparing the financial report
                of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2023. The Board of Directors undertook that there
                were no material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt upon the
                Company’s ability to continue as a going concern, save for the information disclosed in this annual report
                of the Company.

                The Directors shall review and confirm the financial reports for each accounting period, so as to ensure
                that the financial reports truly and fairly reflect the financial status, operation results and cash flow of the
                Company.

                When preparing the financial report for the year ended December 31, 2023, the Directors adopted and
                applied suitable accounting policies and made prudent and reasonable judgment.

      10.       Election, change and removal of Directors
                According to the Articles of Association, Directors shall be elected or replaced at the general meeting
                and may be dismissed by the general meeting prior to the expiration of their term of office. Directors shall
                each serve a term of three years. Directors may, after expiry of their term of office, hold a consecutive
                term upon re-election. The term of a Director shall start from the date on which the said Director
                assumes office to the expiry of the current Board.

                A Director may be removed by an ordinary resolution at a general meeting before the expiry of his/her
                term of office in accordance with relevant laws and regulations (however, any claim which may be made
                under any contract will not be affected).

                For the change of Directors during the reporting period, please refer to “Information on Directors,
                Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees and Institutions” of this report.
                                                                                             Annual Report 2023   093




                                                                         Corporate Governance



(V)   Special Committees under Board of Directors
      There are six special committees under the Board of Directors of the Company, namely Strategic and
      Sustainable Development Committee, Audit Committee, Risk and Related Party Transaction Control
      Committee, Nomination and Remuneration Committee, Consumer Rights Protection Committee and
      Inclusive Finance Development Committee.

1.    Strategic and Sustainable Development Committee
      As at the end of the reporting period, the Strategic and Sustainable Committee of the Company
      consisted of eight Directors, Mr. Lu Jianqiang, Chairman of the Board and Executive Director, served as
      the Committee Chairman. Other committee members included Mr. Zhang Rongsen, Executive Director,
      Ms. Ma Hong, Executive Director, and Mr. Chen Haiqiang, Executive Director, Mr. Hou Xingchuan, Non-
      Executive Director, Mr. Ren Zhixiang, Non-Executive Director and Mr. Zhu Weiming, Non-Executive
      Director and Mr. Fu Tingmei, Independent Non-Executive Director.

      The main duties of the Strategic and Sustainable Development Committee are as follows: to research
      and formulate business targets, medium and long-term development plans and development strategies
      of the Company; to supervise and inspect the implementation of annual business plans and investment
      plans; to evaluate the implementation of the Bank’s development plan and propose amendments to the
      plan; to review the Bank’s overall planning, major policies and basic systems for environmental, social
      and governance (ESG) and other sustainable development, review the annual Social Responsibility
      Report (ESG Report), regularly evaluate the implementation of the ESG development strategy, guide and
      supervise the establishment and improvement of related management systems; and any other matters
      authorized by the Board of Directors.

      During the reporting period, the Strategic and Sustainable Development Committee mainly considered
      the Final Financial Report of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2022, Profit Distribution Plan of China
      Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2022, 2023 Annual Budget Report of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.,
      Business Operation Plan of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2023, Report on the Implementation of
      Green Finance of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2022, Proposal on the Strategic Committee of the
      Board of Directors to coordinate the fulfillment of ESG-related duties and to change the name of the
      Committee and amend the Committee’s Rules of Procedure as well as other resolutions or reports.
094   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Corporate Governance


      2.        Audit Committee
                As at the end of the reporting period, the Audit Committee of the Company consisted of three Directors.
                Mr. Xu Yongbin, Independent Non-executive Director, served as the Committee Chairman. Other
                committee members included Mr. Hu Tiangao, Non-executive Director, and Mr. Wang Wei, Independent
                Non-executive Director.

                Main duties of the Audit Committee are to examine accounting policies, financial position, financial
                reporting procedures, and risk and compliance status of the Company; to propose the appointment
                or replacement of external auditing organization; to supervise our internal audit system and its
                implementation; to facilitate communication between internal auditors and external auditors; to review
                our financial information and the related disclosure and prepare conclusive reports on the authenticity,
                accuracy, completeness and timeliness of the audited financial reports to be submitted to our Board
                of Directors for consideration; to deal with other matters as prescribed by relevant laws, regulations,
                departmental rules and regulations of the securities regulatory authority in the place(s) of listing of the
                Company’s shares and as authorized by the Board of Directors.

                During the reporting period, the Audit Committee mainly considered or heard the Annual Audit Report
                (Pre-communication), Proposal on policy on the provision of non-assurance services by auditors,
                2022 Annual Report and its Summary of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. (Domestic Standards and
                International Standards), 2022 Audit Report on Internal Control of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd., 2022
                Annual Financial Report, Proposal on the Engagement of an Accounting Firm for 2023, Report on the
                Management and Implementation of the Consolidation of Statements of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.
                for 2022, Internal Audit Work Report of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2022, Proposal to Amend
                the Internal Audit Charter of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd., Proposal to Amend the Basic System of
                Internal Audit of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd., 2022 Evaluation Report on Internal Control of China
                Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd., Social Responsibility Report of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2022,
                Report on the Performance of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of China Zheshang Bank
                Co., Ltd. for 2022, 2023 First Quarterly Report of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd., 2023 Half-year Report
                and its Summary of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. (Domestic Standards and International Standards),
                2023 Third Quarterly Report of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd., Special Report on 2023 Half-year
                Deposit and Actual Use of Funds Raised by China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. as well as other resolutions
                or reports. The Audit Committee also reviewed the independence of external auditors and provided
                recommendations to the Board on the appointment of external auditors, and considered the audit fees of
                external auditors for 2023.

                During the reporting period, no former partners of any auditing firm which was responsible for auditing
                accounts of the Company were appointed by the Company as members of the Audit Committee.
                                                                                                Annual Report 2023   095




                                                                           Corporate Governance


3.   Risk and Related Party Transaction Control Committee
     As at the end of the reporting period, the Risk and Related Party Transaction Control Committee of the
     Company consisted of three Directors. Mr. Zhou Zhifang, Independent Non-executive Director, served
     as the Committee Chairman. Other committee members included Mr. Wang Guocai, Independent Non-
     executive Director, and Mr. Xu Yongbin, Independent Non-executive Director.

     Main duties of the Risk and Related Party Transaction Control Committee are to supervise the risk control
     by Senior Management of the Company; to assess the risk profile of the Company; to offer proposals on
     improving the risk management and internal controls of the Company; to accept filing of general related
     party transactions; to review material related party transactions of the Bank or the transactions which
     are subject to reporting, announcement and/or independent shareholders’ approvals under the relevant
     stipulations of securities regulatory authority in the place(s) of listing of the Bank’s shares, which shall
     be submitted to the Board of Directors by the committee for approval; and to deal with other matters as
     authorized by the Board.

     The Risk and Related Party Transaction Control Committee reviews the effectiveness of the Company’s
     risk management procedures and internal control procedures, to ensure the efficiency of the Company’s
     business operations and achieve the Company’s objectives and strategies.

     During the reporting period, the Risk and Related Party Transaction Control Committee primarily
     examined the Report on Comprehensive Risk Management of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2022,
     Report on Risk Assessment of Major Projects, Report on Implementation of Risk Preference for 2022
     and Proposal on Risk Preference for 2023 of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd., Regulations on Risk
     Management of Off-balance Activities of CZBank, 2022 Evaluation Report on Internal Control of China
     Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd., 2022 Work Report on Anti-money Laundering and Counter-terrorist Financing
     of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd., Report on Implementation of Related Party Transaction Management
     System and Particulars of Related Party Transactions of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2022, as well
     as other resolutions or reports.

4.   Nomination and Remuneration Committee
     As at the end of the reporting period, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Company
     consisted of three Directors. Mr. Wang Wei, Independent Non-executive Director, served as the
     Committee Chairman. Other committee members included Mr. Zhou Zhifang, Independent Non-executive
     Director, and Mr. Xu Yongbin, Independent Non-executive Director.

     Main duties of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee are to propose to the Board on the
     membership of the Board based on the business operations, asset size and equity structure of the
     Company; to draft the standard and procedure for the selection of Directors and senior management,
     and propose the same to the Board; to recommend candidates for Chairman and Vice Chairman to
     Board of Directors, and provide review comments on the candidates of Directors and senior management
     members including the President, Vice President, Financial Principal, Secretary to the Board, etc.; to
     draft the remuneration policy and scheme for Directors and senior management, and make proposals
     to the Board; and to deal with other matters as prescribed by relevant laws, administrative regulations,
     departmental rules and regulations of the securities regulatory authority in the place(s) of listing of the
     Company’s shares and as authorized by the Board of Directors.
096   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Corporate Governance


                The Nomination and Remuneration Committee under the Board makes recommendations to the Board
                on the remuneration package of individual executive Directors and senior management.

                The nomination procedures for a Director candidate of the Company are: the eligible shareholders
                will recommend candidates for directorship to the Company for consideration; the Nomination and
                Remuneration Committee will conduct examination of such candidates for directorship and then make
                recommendations to the Board; following consideration and approval of the Board, the candidates for
                directorship will be submitted in the general meeting by written resolutions. For details, please refer to
                the section headed “Directors and Board of Directors” in Articles of Association.

                Criteria for selection and recommendation of candidates for directorship is that Directors shall have
                professional knowledge and work experiences necessary for performing their duties and meet conditions
                specified by the National Financial Regulatory Administration, with their qualification for appointment
                subject to approval by the National Financial Regulatory Administration.

                The Company appoints or re-appoints its directors in strict compliance with the Articles of Association
                of the Company. Pursuant to the Board diversity policy requirements in the Board Diversity Policy of
                China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd., the Nomination and Remuneration Committee shall also pay attention
                to complementarities among candidates for directorship in terms of knowledge structure, professional
                competence and experience, cultural and educational background, gender and otherwise, to ensure that
                the Directors are well equipped, experienced and have diversified perspectives and views.

                During the reporting period, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee mainly considered Proposal on
                the Review of Mr. Lou Weizhong’s qualification as Independent Director, the Work Report of Independent
                Directors of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2022, Proposal on Results of 2022 Performance
                Evaluation of Directors by the Board of Directors, Proposal on Results of 2022 Performance Evaluation
                of Senior Management by the Board of Directors, Proposal on the Election of the Chairman of the Sixth
                Session of the Board of Directors of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd., Proposal on the appointment of Pan
                Huafeng, Proposal on the By-election of Members of the Specialized Committees of the Sixth Session of
                the Board of Directors of CZBank, Proposal on the Appointment of Lin Jingran, Proposal on Approval of
                the 2022 Remuneration of Senior Management of CZBank, Proposal on the Appointment of Luo Feng,
                Proposal on the Review of Mr. Ying Yuxiang’s qualification as Director, Proposal on the Appointment of
                Company Secretary and Authorized Representative of CZBank, Proposal on the Appointment of Wang
                Chaoming and other resolutions or reports.

                The Nomination and Remuneration Committee has established a policy on Directors’ remuneration
                and regularly evaluated the performance of the executive Directors and approved the terms of service
                contracts of executive Directors. In addition, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee has
                implemented the policies on the nomination of Directors as well as the nomination procedures and
                selection and recommendation criteria on candidates for Directors. The Nomination and Remuneration
                Committee has reviewed the structure, number and composition of the Board (including skills, knowledge
                and experience) during the reporting period to make recommendations on any changes proposed on
                members of the Board for the purpose of complying with the long-term strategies of the Company.
                                                                                            Annual Report 2023   097




                                                                        Corporate Governance


5.   Consumer Rights Protection Committee
     As at the end of the reporting period, the Consumer Rights Protection Committee of the Company
     consisted of three Directors. Mr. Wang Guocai, Independent Non-executive Director, served as the
     Committee Chairman. Other committee members included Mr. Zhou Zhifang, Independent Non-executive
     Director, and Mr. Fu Tingmei, Independent Non-executive Director.

     Main duties of the Consumer Rights Protection Committee are to formulate strategies, policies and
     objectives of the consumer rights protection work; to direct and supervise the establishment and
     improvement of the management system for consumer rights protection work; to supervise and evaluate
     the comprehensiveness, timeliness and effectiveness of the senior management and the consumer rights
     protection department, as well as duty performance of the senior management, in accordance with the
     regulatory requirements and implementation of strategies, policies and objectives for consumer rights
     protection; to guide, urge and supervise the senior management to effectively execute and implement
     relevant work, and regularly listen to the senior management’s special reports on the progress of
     consumer rights protection work; to hold regular meetings on consumer rights protection and review
     reports of senior management and the consumer rights protection department; to provide guidance
     on material information disclosure on consumer rights protection; and to deal with other matters as
     authorized by the Board.

     During the reporting period, the Consumer Rights Protection Committee mainly considered the 2022
     Work Report on Protection of Consumer Rights and Interests and 2023 Work Plan of China Zheshang
     Bank Co., Ltd., CZBank Work Report on Protection of Consumer Rights and Interests for the First Half
     of 2023, Report on Evaluation Results and Problem Rectification of Consumer Protection of Head Office
     and Former CBIRC in 2022, and other resolutions or reports.

6.   Inclusive Finance Development Committee
     As at the end of the reporting period, the Inclusive Finance Development Committee of the Company
     consisted of six Directors. Mr. Fu Tingmei, Independent Non-executive Director, served as the Committee
     Chairman. Other committee members included Ms. Ma Hong, Executive Director, Mr. Chen Haiqiang,
     Executive Director, Mr. Hou Xingchuan, Non-executive Director, Mr. Ren Zhixiang, Non-executive
     Director, and Mr. Zhu Weiming, Non-executive Director.

     Main duties of the Inclusive Finance Development Committee are to formulate the development planning
     of inclusive finance business, deliberate the operation plans, and evaluate the assessment methods.

     During the reporting period, the Inclusive Finance Development Committee mainly considered the 2023
     Work Plan on Small and Micro Enterprises under Inclusive Finance of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.,
     Proposal on Amending the Rules of Procedure of the Inclusive Financial Development Committee of the
     Board of Directors of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd., and other resolutions.
098   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Corporate Governance



      (VI) Supervisory Committee
                The supervisory committee is a supervisory body of the Company and is accountable to the general
                meetings, and oversees the strategic planning, business decisions, financial activities, risk management,
                internal control and corporate governance of the Company, and the duty performance of the Directors
                and the senior management with an aim to protect the legitimate rights and interests of the Company,
                Shareholders, employees, creditors and other stakeholders.

      1.        Composition of supervisory committee
                As at the end of the reporting period, the supervisory committee of the Company consists of nine
                members, among them, one shareholder supervisor is from a shareholder company and has extensive
                experience in business management and financial expertise; four employee supervisors have participated
                in economics and banking operation and administration for a long time, and thus accumulated rich
                professional experience in economics and finance; and the four external Supervisors have been engaged
                in finance, economics and law, etc., and have thus accumulated extensive experience in those fields
                and unique perspectives. The composition of the supervisory committee of the Company has adequate
                expertise and independence which ensures the effective supervision by the supervisory committee.

                A Supervision Committee and a Nomination Committee are established under the supervisory committee
                of the Company.

      2.        Performance of supervisory committee
                The supervisory committee performs its supervisory duties primarily by holding regular meetings of
                supervisors and special committees to consider, review and hear relevant issues; attending and being
                present at shareholders’ general meetings, the Board meetings and special committee meetings;
                attending related meetings on operation and management held by the Senior Management; reviewing
                related work reports or professional reports of the Senior Management and departments; making
                performance appraisal on Directors, supervisors or senior management; reviewing various documents,
                information and statements of the Company; carrying out special investigations and surveys at branches;
                putting forward work suggestions to the Board of Directors and Senior Management.

                During the reporting period, the supervisory committee convened 10 meetings, of which 9 were onsite
                meetings and 1 was by way of telecommunications. 33 proposals were considered and 36 proposals
                were considered and listened to regarding corporate governance, regular report, evaluation of the duty
                performance of the Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management, business innovation, business
                operations, risk management, financial activities, internal control and case prevention and internal audit,
                etc.

                According to the provisions of relevant laws, regulations and the Articles of Association of the Company,
                the supervisors attended all general meetings, all meetings of the Board of Directors and some special
                committees under the Board of Directors, and performed supervision on legal compliance of holding
                general meetings and Directors’ meetings, the procedures for voting by poll as well as the Directors’
                attendance of meetings, providing opinions and voting, etc.
                                                                                                Annual Report 2023   099




                                                                           Corporate Governance


     All the 4 external Supervisors of the Company can exercise the supervision function independently.
     In performing their duties, the external Supervisors took the initiative to know about the Company’s
     operation and management situations by attending meetings of the supervisory committee, convening
     meetings of the special committees under the supervisory committee, being present at the meetings of
     the Board of Directors and its special committees, participating in the survey activities of the supervisory
     committee on branch outlets, and reviewing carefully all kinds of documents, data and statements.
     Meanwhile, they expressed their independent opinions or suggestions about major issues, and
     exchanged opinions with the Board of Directors and Senior Management about the problems found out
     in a timely manner, which played an active role for the supervisory committee to perform their supervision
     duties.

     During the reporting period, the supervisory committee of the Company had no objection to the matters
     supervised.

3.   Information on training and survey of Supervisors
     In the year, Supervisors were organized to participate in one anti-money laundering training, one training
     on supervision and prevention of occupational crimes of financial practitioners, and one training on
     Independent Director system for listed companies in Zhejiang Province.

     In the year, Supervisors were organized to carry out in-depth investigations in 25 branches, namely
     Nanjing Branch, Taizhou Branch, Guangzhou Branch, Chengdu Branch and Hong Kong Branch,
     understood the implementation of head office system and decision and the transformation and
     development of branch and risk management, and proactively provided advices and recommendations to
     relevant leaders.

(VII) Special Committees under Supervisory Committee
     The Nomination Committee under the supervisory committee consisted of 4 Supervisors, and the
     Supervision Committee consisted of 4 Supervisors, and the external Supervisor served as the Committee
     Chairman.

1.   Nomination Committee under supervisory committee
     As at the end of the reporting period, the members of Nomination Committee under supervisory
     committee are Mr. Gao Qiang (Committee Chairman), Mr. Guo Dingfang, Mr. Peng Zhiyuan and Mr. Song
     Qinghua.

     The main duties of the Nomination Committee are as follows: to draft standards and procedures of
     electing and appointing Supervisors; to recommend qualified candidates of external Supervisors; to
     make an initial evaluation on the qualifications of candidates of shareholders serving as Supervisors and
     external Supervisors and give suggestions to the supervisory committee; to propose to the supervisory
     committee candidates of Chairman and Vice Chairman of the supervisory committee based on the
     actual condition of the Company; to propose and recommend to the supervisory committee candidates
     of chairmen of various special committees; to supervise the election and appointment of Directors; to
     draft remuneration plans for Supervisors, make proposals to the supervisory committee and supervise
     the implementation of the said plans after they have been considered by the supervisory committee
     and have been submitted to the general meetings for consideration; to supervise the scientificity and
100   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Corporate Governance


                rationality of the remuneration system and policy of the whole Bank as well as the remuneration scheme
                of senior management; to be responsible for drafting measures for evaluating the duty performance of
                Directors, Supervisors and senior management, making proposals to the supervisory committee and
                implementing these measures after submitting them to the supervisory committee for consideration and
                decision-making; to assist the supervisory committee office with the establishment of a duty performance
                supervision recording system for Directors, Supervisors and senior management and complete the
                duty performance supervision records; and to deal with other matters as authorized by the supervisory
                committee.

                During the reporting period, the Nomination Committee under the supervisory committee held a total of
                5 meetings, mainly considering proposals regarding the candidates for shareholder supervisors of the
                Sixth supervisory committee of the Company, the Rules of Procedure of the supervisory committee,
                the Rules of Procedure of the Nomination Committee under the supervisory committee, the results of
                2022 performance evaluation of Directors, supervisors and senior management, and 2023 performance
                evaluation of Directors, supervisors and senior management, and other resolutions.

      2.        Supervision Committee under supervisory committee
                As at the end of the reporting period, the members of Supervision Committee under supervisory
                committee are Mr. Zhang Fanquan (Committee Chairman), Mr. Wu Fanghua, Mr. Chen Zhongwei and Mr.
                Chen Sanlian.

                The main duties of the Supervision Committee are as follows: to draft plans of supervision on the
                financial activities of the Company and conducting relevant inspections; to supervise the Board of
                Directors’ adoption of prudent business philosophy and value standards and formulate development
                strategies in line with the actual situations of the Company; to regularly evaluate and report on the
                scientificity, rationality and effectiveness of the development strategies formulated by the Board of
                Directors for compilation of evaluation reports; to instruct the work of the internal audit department of
                the Company; to carry out an audit of any resigning senior management when necessary; to supervise
                the duty performance by Directors, Supervisors and senior management; to supervise and inspect major
                operational decisions of the Company; to supervise and inspect risk management of the Company; to
                supervise and inspect the soundness and effectiveness of the internal control of the Company; and to
                deal with other matters as authorized by the supervisory committee.

                During the reporting period, the Supervision Committee held a total of 4 meetings, considering the
                2022 Annual Report of the Company, the management and implementation of the consolidation of
                statements for 2022, Social Responsibility Report for 2022, Internal Audit Work Report for 2022, Internal
                Control Evaluation Report for 2022, the First Quarterly Report of 2023, the 2023 Interim Report, the
                Third Quarterly Report of 2023 and rules of procedure of the Supervision Committee under supervisory
                committee, etc, and listened to the reports on the financial position of the Company in 2022 etc.
                Moreover, the members of the Supervision Committee also attended 3 meetings of the Risk and Related
                Party Transaction Control Committee under the Board of Directors, and supervised the process of
                consideration on related party transactions and Directors’ duty performance.
                                                                                                Annual Report 2023   101




                                                                            Corporate Governance



(VIII) Company Operation and Decision-Making System
       The general meeting is the Company’s power organ which manages and supervises the Company
       through the Board of Directors and supervisory committee. The President is employed by the Board of
       Directors to take charge of the daily operation and management of the Company. The Company adopts
       the one-level legal person system. All the branches and sub-branches are non-independent accounting
       units. They carry out the operation and management activities according to the authorization of the head
       office and are accountable to the head office.

       According to the Articles of Association, the Board of Directors exercises the functions and powers of
       appointing or dismissing the Bank’s President, listening to the work report of the President and reviewing
       his performance, monitoring and ensuring the Senior Management’s efficient fulfillment of management
       duties. The Company adopts a system by which the President shall assume overall responsibility in
       operation and management of the Company, and the President shall be accountable to the Board of
       Directors.

       The Company has no controlling Shareholder and de facto controller. The Company and the
       Shareholders are completely independent in terms of assets, businesses, personnel, organizations and
       finance, etc. The Company has complete and independent operation capacity. The Board of Directors,
       supervisory committee and internal units of the Company operate independently.

(IX)   Chairman and President
       According to the Code C.2.1 of the Corporate Governance Code (Appendix C1 to the Hong Kong Listing
       Rules), the roles of Chairman and chief executive officer should be separate and should not be performed
       by the same individual. The division of responsibilities between the Chairman and chief executive officer
       should be clearly established and set out in writing. The Chairman and President of the Company are
       taken up by different individuals, with clear responsibilities defined and in compliance with regulatory
       requirements and the provisions of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. Mr. Lu Jianqiang is the Chairman of
       the Company, responsible for presiding over the general meeting and convening and presiding over
       the Board meetings. His responsibilities include supervising and inspecting the implementation of
       Board resolutions. Mr. Zhang Rongsen is the President of our company, responsible for overseeing the
       operation and management of the Company, and reporting his work to the Board of Directors. He is
       responsible for organizing and implementing Board resolutions, annual business plans, and investment
       plans of the Company.

(X)    Company Secretary
       Reference is made to the announcement of the Bank dated December 19, 2023 in relation to, among
       others, the appointment of Joint Company Secretary of the Bank. Mr. Luo Feng has been appointed
       as a joint company secretary of the Bank (the “Joint Company Secretary”) with effect from December
       19, 2023 and his term of office will expire upon the expiry of the term of office of the sixth session of
       the Board. Ms. Chan Yin Wah, the current company secretary of the Bank, will act as the other Joint
       Company Secretary with effect from December 19, 2023 to assist Mr. Luo in discharging his duties as
       a Joint Company Secretary. For details, please refer to the announcement of the Bank disclosed on the
       website of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange dated December 19, 2023.
102   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Corporate Governance


                Mr. Luo Feng is one of the Joint Company Secretaries of the Company. Ms. Chan Yin Wah, a joint
                Director of SWCS Corporate Services Group (Hong Kong) Limited, is the joint company secretary
                who meets the relevant professional qualification requirements of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. They
                are mainly responsible for facilitating the operation of the Board of Directors, ensuring the effective
                communication between the members of the Board of Directors and the observation of the policies
                and procedures of the Board of Directors, and ensuring the compliance of the Company with Hong
                Kong Listing Rules and other regulations. Any Director can discuss with, seek advice from and obtain
                information from the secretary of the Company. Ms. Chan Yin Wah’s main contact person in our
                Company is Mr. Luo Feng.

                During the reporting period, Mr. Luo Feng and Ms. Chan Yin Wah were both complied with the
                requirements of Rule 3.29 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.

      (XI)      Securities Transactions of Directors and Supervisors
                The Company has adopted a code of conduct for securities transactions by Directors and supervisors no
                less exacting than the Model Code in the Appendix C3 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. The Company
                had inquired all the Directors and Supervisors and confirmed that they had been complying with the
                aforesaid code of conduct during the reporting period.

      (XII) R e l a t i o n s h i p b e t w e e n D i r e c t o r s , S u p e r v i s o r s a n d S e n i o r
            Management
                There is no financial, business, family or other material/affiliated relationship between the Directors,
                Supervisors and senior management of the Company.

      (XIII) Shareholders’ Rights
                The Shareholders shall enjoy the following rights in accordance with the Articles of Association:

      1.        To hold extraordinary general meeting
                At the request of the Shareholders separately or jointly holding 10% or more of the total Shares, the
                Company shall hold an extraordinary general meeting within two months.

                When the Shareholders request to convene an extraordinary general meeting or a Shareholders’ class
                meeting, the following procedures shall be observed: the Shareholders separately or jointly holding 10%
                or more of the total Shares submit a written proposal to the Board of Directors and explain the meeting
                topics. The Board of Directors shall reply in written form within ten days after receiving the proposal
                as for agreeing or disagreeing to convene the extraordinary general meeting or a Shareholders’ class
                meeting.

                If the Board of Directors agrees to convene an extraordinary general meeting or a Shareholders’ class
                meeting, a notice of convening the general meeting shall be sent within five days after the resolution
                made by the Board of Directors. Any change to the original proposal in the notice shall be approved by
                the relevant Shareholders.
                                                                                               Annual Report 2023   103




                                                                           Corporate Governance


     If the Board of Directors does not agree to convene the extraordinary general meeting or a Shareholders’
     class meeting, or fails to reply within ten days after receiving the proposal, the Shareholders separately
     or jointly holding 10% or more of the total Shares have the right to propose to the supervisory committee
     to hold the extraordinary general meeting or a Shareholders’ class meeting, provided that written request
     shall be submitted to the supervisory committee.

     If the supervisory committee agrees to convene an extraordinary general meeting or a Shareholders’
     class meeting, the notice of convening the general meeting shall be sent within five days after the receipt
     of the request. Any change to the original proposal in the notice shall be approved by the relevant
     Shareholders.

     If the supervisory committee fails to provide the notice of holding general meeting or a Shareholders’
     class meeting within the specified period, it shall be deemed that supervisory committee will not convene
     and preside over the general meeting or a Shareholders’ class meeting, the Shareholders separately or
     jointly holding 10% or more of the total Shares may convene and preside over such meetings at their
     own discretion.

     If the supervisory committee or the Shareholders decide to convene the general meeting on their own,
     they shall notify the Board of Directors in writing and file with the local banking supervisory authorities
     and other regulatory authorities. The Board of Directors and the secretary to the Board of Directors shall
     cooperate. The Board of Directors shall provide the register of members as of the record date, and the
     reasonable cost required for the meeting shall be borne by the Company, which shall be deducted from
     the payment due to the default Directors.

2.   To make proposal to the general meeting
     The Shareholders separately or jointly holding 3% or more of the voting Shares have the right to make
     proposals to the general meeting.

     The Shareholders separately or jointly holding 3% or more of the voting Shares may make temporary
     proposal and submit in written form to the convener ten days before the holding date of the general
     meeting or at least two days before the deadline for providing supplementary notice of general
     meeting as stipulated by Hong Kong Listing Rules (whichever is earlier). The convener shall issue the
     supplementary notice of the general meeting within two days after receiving the relevant proposal to
     disclose the contents of the temporary proposal. For the contact details, please refer to “Company
     Profile” of this report.

3.   To hold extraordinary meeting of Board of Directors
     At the request of the shareholders separately or jointly holding 10% or more of the total Shares, the
     Chairman shall convene and preside over an extraordinary meeting of Board of Directors within ten days
     after receiving the proposal.
104   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Corporate Governance


      4.        To make inquiries with the Board of Directors
                The shareholders have the right to obtain the relevant information according to the laws, regulations
                and Articles of Association. They can obtain the copies of the Articles of Association after paying the
                relevant costs. They have the right to access and copy the following information after paying reasonable
                fees: any and all parts of the share register; personal information of the Directors, Supervisors and senior
                management of the Company; the Company’s equity status; the report of total par values, quantity,
                maximum price and minimum price of each class of shares repurchased by the Company since the
                last financial year as well as the total expenses the Company paid for this; meeting minutes of general
                meetings, resolutions of the meetings of Board of Directors, resolutions of the meetings of supervisory
                committee; bond stubs of the Company; the audited financial report, report of Board of Directors, report
                of supervisory committee, and report of auditors for the last fiscal period, the annual report for the last
                fiscal period that has been filed with the State Administration for Market Regulation or other regulatory
                authorities. For the contact details, please refer to “Company Profile” of this report.

      (XIV) Implementation of Information Disclosure
                During the reporting period, the Company faithfully performed the obligation of information disclosure,
                constantly improved regular reporting disclosures, and disclosed temporary announcements in a more
                active and timely manner. With continuous improvement of the effectiveness and transparency of
                information disclosure, the Company has won the highest rating of Class A for three consecutive years
                on information disclosure work for 2022 – 2023 assessed by the Shanghai Stock Exchange.

                The Company prohibits its staff from trading or recommending others to trade by making use of inside
                information. The Company established information disclosure management system, which has identified
                the department responsible for inside information disclosures, to disclose information in a timely and
                compliant manner according to the requirements and procedures of Rules Governing the Listing of
                Stocks on Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong Listing Rules.

                During the reporting period, the Company truly, accurately and completely carried out information
                disclosure work in a timely manner, strictly in accordance with the requirements of relevant information
                disclosure laws and regulations. The Company disclosed a total of 131 various announcements for
                A Shares on the newspapers designated by the CSRC, including China Securities Journal, Shanghai
                Securities News, Securities Times and Securities Daily, the websites of the Shanghai Stock Exchange
                and the Company, and disclosed a total of 169 various announcements for H Shares on the websites
                of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the Company, which ensured that all shareholders had equal
                opportunity to get relevant information of the Company.

      (XV) Investor Relations Management
                During the reporting period, the Company continued to do a good job in investor relations management.
                We strengthened the ability of the investment relations team, built bridges of communication with
                investors through multiple channels, levels and methods, increased the transparency of information
                disclosure, improved the promotion and dissemination of value, and continuously improved the
                recognition of the Company by investors. In 2023, the Company was awarded the “Excellent Practice” in
                the annual report results presentation by the Association of Listed Companies in China.
                                                                                              Annual Report 2023   105




                                                                        Corporate Governance


Firstly, we continued to raise the level of interest in our results presentations. During the reporting period,
we held annual, half-year and three-quarterly results presentations with high quality and standard, and
the 2022 annual results presentation attracted more than 100,000 views from investors all over the
Internet; the 2023 half-year results presentation attracted more than 50 institutional investors, analysts
and 20 mainstream media to participate in the meeting on-site, and it was simultaneously broadcasted
live in Beijing and Hong Kong, with a total of more than 130,000 views. The senior management
conducted in-depth and sincere exchanges with investors from various markets through online and
offline, fully demonstrating to investors the effectiveness of the Company’s strategy implementation and
highlights of its operation and development.

Secondly, we continued to enhance the richness of investor communication activities. The Company
actively organized and launched various forms of “going out” and “coming in” activities such as research,
roadshows and reverse roadshows, and set up a record file of investor activities to enhance its market
image and attention. During the reporting period, the Company’s senior management and leaders of
various business sectors received analyst teams from brokerage firms and investors for more than
40 times. The number of research reports on the Company released by brokers during the reporting
period was more than three times that of 2022. Meanwhile, during the reporting period, the Company
strengthened its promotion to the institutional investors by visiting more than 20 large mainstream public
fund companies and large insurance and asset management institutions, actively conveying to investors
the signals of “the Company’s improving asset quality and continuous improvement in its operation”.

Thirdly, we continued to enhance the coverage of the Internet investment relations media. The Company
opened and operated the official account “CZBank (浙商銀行)” on Tonghuashun platform, which is
targeted at capital market investors, and has published 31 original news items, including 18 original short
videos (including interpretation of the weak sensitivity strategy of the economic cycle, interpretation of
the strategy of deep cultivation in Zhejiang Province, and investment and education knowledge related
to the allotment of shares), with number of views over 160,000. During the reporting period, the number
of A-share followers on the Company’s operating Tonghuashun platform increased by nearly 50,000
households.

Fourthly, the Company continued to enhance the satisfaction level of daily communication with small
and medium-sized investors. During the reporting period, the Company maintained daily communication
with small and medium-sized investors, regularly responded to SSE e-interactive investor questions,
handled IR mailboxes, answered investor hotline calls, and made good records of investor exchanges
and feedback; and launched a variety of online stockholder exchange activities. The Company joined
hands with an Internet information platform to launch a walk-in to the listed companies, which gained the
active attention and participation of the general public. Small and medium-sized investors’ concerns were
answered and announced one by one, and the interactive results were effective.

Moreover, the Company has always emphasized the protection of investors’ rights and interests and
the full exercise of rights by all shareholders. This includes the importance of providing reasonable
returns to investors, with the 2022 annual dividend distribution ratio of 37.79% during the reporting
period, significantly higher than the ratio stipulated in the Articles of Association. The Company has also
strictly complied with the requirements of the system for the convening of general meetings, in particular
facilitating the participation of small and medium-sized shareholders in the general meetings through
various channels for registration and the implementation of measures to facilitate the handling of matters
relating to the registration and participation in the meetings by dedicated personnel.
106   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Corporate Governance



      (XVI) Major Changes of the Articles of Association
                On May 4, 2023, the Company convened the 2022 Annual General Meeting to consider and pass the
                Proposal on the Amendments to the Articles of Association of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. (        《關
                於修訂<浙商銀行股份有限公司章程>的議案》). On December 19, 2023, the Company convened the
                Eleventh Meeting of the Sixth Session of the Board of Directors to consider and pass the Proposal on
                the Adjustments to Certain Provisions under the Articles of Association of China Zheshang Bank Co.,
                Ltd. and the Rules of Procedures for the Board of Directors of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. ( 《關於調
                整<浙商銀行股份有限公司章程>和<浙商銀行股份有限公司董事會議事規則>部分條款的議案》), within the
                scope of authorization by the 2022 Annual General Meeting. For details of the resolution, please refer to
                the relevant announcements of the Company on the websites of the Shanghai Stock Exchange, the Hong
                Kong Stock Exchange and the Company. This amendment to the Articles of Association is subject to the
                approval of the regulatory authorities.

      (XVII) Statement of Compliance with the Corporate Governance Code as
             Set out in the Hong Kong Listing Rules
                The Company agrees to the principles as set out in Corporate Governance Code (Appendix C1 to the
                Hong Kong Listing Rules). From January 1, 2023, to December 31, 2023, the Company has been in full
                compliance with the code provisions under such Code, except for the following:

                According to the Code C.2.1 of the Corporate Governance Code, the roles of Chairman and chief
                executive officer should be separate and should not be performed by the same individual. The division
                of responsibilities between the Chairman and chief executive officer should be clearly established and
                set out in writing. Due to work arrangement, on January 14, 2022, the Board of the Bank elected Mr.
                Zhang Rongsen, an executive Director and the President of the Bank, to act as the acting chairman
                of the Board, until the appointment of the new chairman of the Board and the qualification of such
                position is approved by the regulatory authorities. On August 9, 2023, the Company received the “Reply
                from the National Financial Regulatory Administration regarding the Qualification of Mr. Lu Jianqiang of
                CZBank” (Jin Fu [2023] No. 183). Pursuant to the relevant regulations, the National Financial Regulatory
                Administration (“NFRA”) has approved the qualification of Mr. Lu Jianqiang for appointment as a Director
                and the Chairman of the Board. Mr. Zhang Rongsen, an executive Director and the president of the
                Bank, ceased to act as the Chairman of the Board and legal representative of the Bank from 9 August
                2023. Since the qualification of Mr. Lu Jianqiang as a Director and the Chairman of the Board became
                effective on 9 August 2023, the Bank has regained compliance with Code C.2.1 of the Corporate
                Governance Code.

                As disclosed in the announcement of the Bank dated April 28, 2023, Mr. Liu Long resigned from his
                positions as a vice president of the Bank, the secretary to the Board, the company secretary of the Bank
                (the “Company Secretary”) and an authorised representative of the Bank (the “Authorized Representative”)
                under Rule 3.05 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules due to his personal career planning, which took effect
                upon the delivery of the resignation report to the Board (i.e. April 28, 2023). Following Mr. Liu Long’s
                resignation as the Company Secretary and the Authorised Representative of the Bank, the Bank had no
                company secretary and had only one authorised representative, which failed to meet the requirements
                under Rule 3.28 that an issuer shall have a company secretary, and the requirement under Rule 3.05
                that an issuer should appoint two authorised representatives of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. On June
                25, 2023, the Bank convened the ninth meeting of the sixth session of the Board and considered and
                approved to appoint Ms. Chan Yin Wah as the Company Secretary and the Authorized Representative of
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2023   107




                                                                            Corporate Governance


      the Bank with effect from June 25, 2023. Upon the appointment of Ms. Chan Yin Wah as the Company
      Secretary and an Authorized Representative becoming effective on June 25, 2023, the Bank has re-
      complied with the requirement under Rule 3.28 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules that an issuer shall have
      a company secretary, and the requirement under Rule 3.05 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules that an issuer
      should appoint two authorized representatives. For details, please refer to the announcements of the
      Bank disclosed on the website of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange dated April 28, 2023 and June 25,
      2023, respectively.

      Reference is made to the announcement of the Bank dated December 19, 2023 (the “Announcement”)
      in relation to, among others, the appointment of Joint Company Secretary and the Authorized
      Representative of the Bank. Mr. Luo Feng has been appointed as a joint company secretary of the Bank
      (the “Joint Company Secretary”) with effect from December 19, 2023 and his term of office will expire
      upon the expiry of the term of office of the sixth session of the Board. Ms. Chan Yin Wah, the current
      company secretary of the Bank, will act as the other Joint Company Secretary with effect from December
      19, 2023 to assist Mr. Luo in discharging his duties as a Joint Company Secretary. In addition, on
      December 19, 2023, the Board resolved to appoint Mr. Luo Feng as the Authorized Representative of the
      Bank pursuant to Rule 3.05 of the Listing Rules with a term of office until the expiry of the term of office
      of the sixth session of the Board. On the same date, Ms. Chan Yin Wah ceased to act as the Authorized
      Representative under Rule 3.05 of the Listing Rules. As at the date of the Announcement, the Authorized
      Representatives of the Bank under Rule 3.05 of the Listing Rules are Mr. Zhang Rongsen and Mr. Luo
      Feng. For details, please refer to the announcement of the Bank disclosed on the website of the Hong
      Kong Stock Exchange dated December 19, 2023.

      In addition, in accordance with provision C.1.6 of the Corporate Governance Code, the independent
      Non-executive Directors as well as other Non-executive Directors should attend general meetings. During
      the reporting period, a Director of the Bank was unable to attend the 2022 annual general meeting of the
      Bank held on May 4, 2023 due to other business arrangements.

(XVIII) Risk Management and Internal Control
      In accordance with the requirements of Commercial Banking Law (《商業銀行法》), Basic Rules on
      Enterprise Internal Control (
                                 《企業內部控制基本規範》), Internal Control Guidelines for Commercial Banks
     (《商業銀行內部控制指引》) and other laws and regulations, the Company has established standardized
      corporate governance structure and defined the scope of rights, responsibility assignment and rules of
      procedures for the general meeting, Board of Directors, supervisory committee and Senior Management.
      Such organizations as Audit Committee and the Risk and Related Party Transaction Control Committee
      have been established under the Board of Directors to take charge of the establishment and
      implementation of sufficient and effective risk management and internal control system and review of the
      sufficiency and effectiveness of such systems. The Supervision Committee has been established under
      the supervisory committee to take charge of the supervision on sufficiency and effectiveness of internal
      control systems of the Board of Directors and Senior Management. The risk management and internal
      control committee has been established under the Senior Management to take charge of the organization
      and coordination of internal control management as well as establishment and improvement of the
      concept, system and organizational structure of internal control.
108   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Corporate Governance


                The Company has strictly complied with the relevant requirements of the Rules Governing the Listing of
                Stocks on Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong Listing Rules, established and continuously
                improved internal control and risk management system by taking account of the practical situation of the
                Company to reasonably ensure that the operation management complies with the laws and rules, that the
                assets are safe and that the financial reports and relevant information are true and complete to improve
                the operating efficiency and effectiveness and to promote the fulfillment of development strategy. The risk
                management and internal control system is designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure
                to achieve business objectives, and the Board can only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance
                against material misstatement or loss.

                During the reporting period, under the guidance of the vision of being “a first-class commercial bank”,
                the Company continued to optimize its internal control system and enhance its internal control and
                governance capabilities by focusing on “intelligent operation”. We upgraded and perfected the culture
                system of Zhejiang banks, taking root the cultural concept of “uprightness and goodness” as the core;
                we also strengthened our compliance culture, launched the “Year of Compliance Image Enhancement”
                activities, and continued to optimize the internal control environment. We have strengthened the
                identification and assessment of various risks, enhanced the dynamic monitoring of risks, and improved
                the ability of proactive prevention and control. We implemented the system of “unified legal person,
                authorized operation” and embedded the authorization control into the system to strengthen the rigid
                control. We have promptly launched the internalization of external regulations and the establishment,
                amendment and abolition of systems to improve the system that matches our philosophy, strategy and
                planning. We made full use of digital technology to embed internal control measures into important
                areas and key links, and enhanced the ability to control the entire process. We continued to promote
                digitalization, improved the data governance system, enhanced data application and data quality control
                capabilities, and provided effective support for the Bank’s operation and management decisions. In
                addition, we have deepened supervision and inspection, strengthened root cause rectification, improved
                the accountability system, with intensified efforts to deal with non-compliance, and enhanced the quality
                and effectiveness of remediation of non-compliance issues. Throughout the year, the internal control
                system operated smoothly and effectively, providing strong protection for the Company’s high-quality
                development.

                While disclosing the annual report, the Company also disclosed the Internal Control Evaluation Report of
                China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2023 in accordance with the requirements of the CSRC and Shanghai
                Stock Exchange. The report stated that the Bank had maintained effective internal control over financial
                reporting in all material aspects in accordance with the standard system for enterprise internal control
                and relevant rules as at December 31, 2023 (benchmark date). KPMG Huazhen LLP has audited the
                effectiveness of the Bank’s internal control over financial reporting as at December 31, 2023 and issued
                the standardized audit report on internal control.

      (XIX) External Auditors and Their Remuneration
                For the Company’s external auditors and their remuneration, please see “Directors’ Report – Employment
                of Accounting Firms and Sponsors” of this report.

                The responsibility statement of the Company’s external auditors on its financial statements is set out in
                “Financial Report” of this report.
                                                                                                Annual Report 2023   109




                                                                           Corporate Governance



(XX) Internal Audit
     In 2023, the Bank fully implemented the reform of the audit system, realizing the unified leadership
     of the Audit Department of the Head Office over the assigned organizations in terms of organization
     establishment and personnel management, budget and asset management, project planning and result
     reporting, quality control and information technology construction, and fully establishing an independent
     and vertical internal audit management system. At present, the Bank has set up 22 audit offices, which
     are directly led and centrally managed by the Audit Department of the Head Office and are accountable
     to the Audit Department of the Head Office. The four direct audit divisions at the head office level are
     managed on a regional basis, corresponding to the relevant departments of the head office according
     to the five major business segments to strengthen the professionalization of audit, and corresponding
     to a number of branches according to the geographic area to strengthen the management responsibility
     for the stationed organizations. Meanwhile, the Internal Audit Charter of CZBank, the Basic System of
     Internal Audit of CZBank, and the relevant Internal Auditing Standards were revised, and the Management
     Measures of the Audit Department of CZBank for the Stationing of Organizations and the Management
     Measures for the Quality Assessment of the Internal Audit Work of CZBank were newly formulated, so as
     to continuously enhance the regularity, effectiveness, and proactivity of audit through the standardization
     of the management mode, operation mechanism, and work standards.

     During the reporting period, the audit work focused on the positioning of “audit is the main channel and
     the main position for implementing the keynote of strictness, and it is the main engine and the main
     force for strengthening comprehensive risk management, systematic reshaping, and constructing a large
     supervisory system”. Under the vision of being a “first class commercial bank”, we deeply implemented
     the five-word political ecological construction, the four major strategic focuses, and the twelve-word
     approach. Focusing on six major areas, including the work of the Party Committee of the Head Office, the
     strategic tasks of the Board of Directors, business operations, prudent compliance, problem rectification,
     and political ecology, around the Bank’s four strategic focuses and five major business segments,
     we fully performed our supervisory duties to promote the dynamic balance of the Bank’s operational
     development and risk prevention and control. We will strengthen our political leadership, adhere to the
     objectives of serving the Party Committee, the Board of Directors and the operating level, and investigate
     the problems of the key officers at all levels regarding political orientation, work efficiency, capability,
     cooperation and collaboration, and work style construction, in order to provide a strong support for the
     five-word ecological construction of the Bank.
110   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders


      (I)       Changes in Ordinary Shares
      1.        Table of Changes in Ordinary Shares
                                                                                                                       Unit: Share, %
                                                                                               During the
                                                                                                reporting
                                                                December 31, 2022                  period      December 31, 2023
                                                                                               Number of
                                                                              Proportion        Changes                      Proportion
                                                                   Number           (%)          (shares)         Number           (%)


                I. Restricted shares                                      –           –                 –                –           –
                II. Unrestricted shares outstanding          21,268,696,778      100.00    +6,195,939,185   27,464,635,963      100.00
                     1. RMB ordinary shares                  16,714,696,778       78.59    +4,829,739,185   21,544,435,963       78.44
                     2. Domestically listed foreign shares                –           –                 –                –           –
                     3. Foreign shares listed abroad          4,554,000,000       21.41    +1,366,200,000    5,920,200,000       21.56
                     4. Other                                             –           –                 –                –           –
                III. Total number of ordinary shares         21,268,696,778      100.00    +6,195,939,185   27,464,635,963      100.00

                As of the end of the reporting period, the issued shares of the Company were 27,464,635,963 ordinary
                shares, including 21,544,435,963 A Shares and 5,920,200,000 H Shares.

      2.        Description on Change in Ordinary Shares
                During the reporting period, changes in Ordinary Shares were due to the completion of the A+H-share
                right issue and the listing of the shares issued accordingly.

      3.        Effects of Change in Ordinary Shares on Financial Indicators such as Earnings per
                Share and Net Assets per Share for the Latest Year and Period
                The Company completed the A-share right issue and the H-share right issue on June 27 and July 27,
                2023, respectively. The Company placed shares to all A-shareholders and all H-shareholders at RMB2.02
                per A-share and HK$2.23 per H-share, respectively, on the basis of 3 shares for every 10 shares.
                4,829,739,185 A-shares were actually issued in the A-share right issue, and 1,366,200,000 H-shares
                were actually issued in the H-share right issue. Taking into account the impact of the rights issue, the
                Company adjusted the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding in the calculation of
                earnings per share and adjusted earnings per share for prior years. The Company’s adjusted earnings per
                share for the current year, the previous year and the most recent period (i.e., the third quarter of 2023)
                were RMB0.57 per share, RMB0.53 per share and RMB0.53 per share, respectively. As at December 31,
                2023, the net assets per share of the Company attributable to parent shareholders was RMB5.87, and
                if calculated on the basis of the shares before the rights issue, the net assets per share attributable to
                parent shareholders would be RMB7.58.
                                                                                              Annual Report 2023   111




                           Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders



(II)   Issuance and Listing of Securities
1.     Issuance of Securities during the Reporting Period
       In order to better meet the capital regulatory requirements, enhance risk resistance and support the
       sound operation and development of the Bank so as to better serve the real economy, the Company
       initiated the A-share right issue and the H-share right issue, which were completed on June 27 and July
       27, 2023, respectively.

       The A-share right issue was approved by the China Securities Regulatory Commission’s “Approval of
       the Right Issue of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.” (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2023] No. 339). The Company
       placed shares to all A shareholders at a ratio of 3 shares for every 10 shares at a placing price of
       RMB2.02 per share. The net proceeds were RMB2.01 per A share. On June 9, 2023, the closing price
       of the Company’s A shares on the Shanghai Stock Exchange was RMB2.88 per share. 4,829,739,185
       A shares were actually issued under the A-share right issue, with an aggregate nominal value of
       RMB4,829,739,185, which were listed and traded on the Shanghai Stock Exchange on July 6, 2023.

       The H-share right issue was approved by the China Securities Regulatory Commission’s “Approval of the
       Issue of Overseas-Listed Foreign Shares by China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.” (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2023]
       No. 717). The Company placed shares to all H-shareholders on the basis of 3 shares for every 10 shares
       at a placing price of HK$2.23 per share. The net proceeds raised amounted to HK$2.20 per H share.
       On June 9, 2023, the closing price of the Company’s H shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange was
       HK$2.63 per share. 1,366,200,000 H shares were actually issued under the H-share right issue, with an
       aggregate nominal value of RMB1,366,200,000, which were listed and traded on the Main Board of the
       Hong Kong Stock Exchange on July 28, 2023.

2.     Description on Change in Asset and Liability Structure
       During the reporting period, the Company completed the A+H right issue, with total proceeds raised of
       approximately RMB9,756 million and HK$3,047 million, respectively, and net proceeds of approximately
       RMB9,722 million and HK$3,012 million after deduction of issuance expenses, all of which were applied
       to replenish the Company’s core tier 1 capital.
112   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders



      (III) Information on Shareholders of Ordinary Shares
                Number of Shareholders of Ordinary Shares and Their Shareholdings
                As of the end of the reporting period, the Bank had 262,473 shareholders of ordinary shares in total,
                including 262,358 shareholders of A Shares and 115 shareholders of H Shares. As of the end of the last
                month before the publication date of this Annual Report, there were 248,019 shareholders of ordinary
                shares in total, including 247,904 shareholders of A Shares and 115 shareholders of H Shares.

                As of the end of the reporting period, the table of shareholdings of the top ten shareholders (excluding
                shares lent through the transfer facility) was as follows:

                                                                                                                                                          Unit: Share
                                                        Increase/
                                                        decrease       Number of
                                                       during the     shares held                                              Pledge and freezing
                Name of Shareholder                     reporting      at the end   Proportion   Class of                 Status of                   Nature of
                (full name)                                period       of period          (%)   shares                   Shares             Number   shareholders


                HKSCC Nominees Limited             +1,366,123,680 5,919,867,480         21.55    H Share without        unknown                   –   –
                                                                                                   selling restrictions
                Zhejiang Provincial Financial       +796,633,132    3,452,076,906       12.57    A Share without        –                         –   State-owned
                  Holdings Co., Ltd.                                                               selling restrictions                                 Legal Person
                Hengdian Group Holdings             +372,817,474    1,615,542,387         5.88   A Share without        –                         –   Domestic
                  Limited                                                                          selling restrictions                                 Non-state-owned
                                                                                                                                                        Legal Person
                Zhejiang Provincial Energy          +250,353,326    1,091,531,078         3.97   A Share without          –                       –   State-owned
                  Group Co., Ltd.                                                                  selling restrictions                                 Legal Person
                Taiping Life Insurance Co., Ltd.    +921,538,465     921,538,465          3.36   A Share without          –                       –   State-owned
                                                                                                   selling restrictions                                 Legal Person
                Shandong International Trust        +774,105,497     774,105,497          2.82   A Share without          –                       –   State-owned
                  Co., Ltd.                                                                        selling restrictions                                 Legal Person
                Minsheng Life Insurance Co.,          -34,632,189    768,593,847          2.80   A Share without          –                       –   Domestic
                  Ltd. – self owned capital                                                        selling restrictions                                 Non-state-owned
                                                                                                                                                        Legal Person
                Zhejiang Hengyi High-tech           +152,420,785     660,490,068          2.40   A Share without        pledged         508,069,283   Domestic
                  Material Co., Ltd.                                                               selling restrictions                                 Non-state-owned
                                                                                                                                                        Legal Person
                Zhejiang Hengyi Group Co., Ltd.     +148,396,689     643,052,319          2.34   A Share without        pledged         643,052,319   Domestic
                                                                                                   selling restrictions                                 Non-state-owned
                                                                                                                                                        Legal Person
                Xizi Elevator Group Co., Ltd.       +142,452,411     612,160,446          2.23   A Share without        –                         –   Domestic
                                                                                                   selling restrictions                                 Non- state-owned
                                                                                                                                                        Legal Person

                Notes:

                1.      The number of shares held by HKSCC Nominees Limited was the sum of shares of the Company’s holders of
                        H-shares which were trading in its transaction system.
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2023   113




                             Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders


      2.   As of the end of the reporting period, among the top ten shareholders mentioned above, Zhejiang Hengyi High-
           tech Material Co., Ltd. and Zhejiang Hengyi Group Co., Ltd. have a connected relationship. Apart from that, the
           Bank is not aware of other connected relationship between the above shareholders or whether they are parties
           acting in concert.

      3.   To the knowledge of the Company, as of the end of the reporting period, a shareholder, Zhejiang Provincial
           Energy Group Co., Ltd participated in the lending business of transferring securities through a brokerage firm
           and lent 2,000,000 shares of the Company; such shares were not registered in the name of Zhejiang Provincial
           Energy Group Co., Ltd during the period of lending, but the ownership has not been transferred, while none of
           the other shareholders as shown in the table was involved in the lending business of transferring securities.

      4.   As of the end of the reporting period, Taiping Life Insurance Co., Ltd., Shandong International Trust Co., Ltd.
           and Xizi Elevator Group Co., Ltd., each has newly become one of the top ten shareholders, Traveller Automobile
           Group Co., Ltd. (not holding any ordinary shares in our Bank at the end of the reporting period), Zhejiang
           Yongli Industry Group Co., Ltd.(holding 548,453,371 A Shares in our Bank at the end of the reporting period,
           representing 2.00% of the total share capital), Tong Lian Capital Management Co., Ltd. (not holding any ordinary
           shares in our Bank at the end of the reporting period) were not the top ten shareholders anymore; none of the
           aforesaid shareholders was involved in the refinancing securities and lending business.


(IV) Information on the Controlling Shareholders and De Facto
     Controllers
      As of the end of the reporting period, the Bank had no controlling shareholders and de facto controllers.

(V)   Information on the Company ’s Largest Shareholder of Ordinary
      Share
      As of the end of the reporting period, Zhejiang Provincial Financial Holdings Co., Ltd. held 12.57% of the
      shares of the Company and was the Company’s largest shareholder.

      Zhejiang Provincial Financial Holdings Co., Ltd. was established in September 2012 with the uniform
      social credit code of 913300000542040763 and its legal representative was Yang Qiangmin (楊強民).
      With a registered capital of RMB12.0 billion and registered in Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province, Zhejiang
      Provincial Financial Holdings Co., Ltd. is a financial investment management platform of Zhejiang
      Provincial Government, mainly focuses on Zhejiang’s high-quality development and construction of
      common wealth demonstration area, financial modernization, global advanced manufacturing base and
      innovation curbing construction in accordance with the deployment of the Zhejiang Provincial Party
      Committee and Provincial Government, and mainly operates in such four major sectors as the operation
      and management of the government fund, financial capital investment and operation, digital science and
      technology and data assets, and strategic supportive investment.
114   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders



      (VI) Information on Substantial Shareholders of Ordinary Shares
                As at December 31, 2023
                                                                                                                                                                      Unit: Share, %

                                                                                     Reasons for
                                         Number of       Separately          Jointly being the             Number of                                           Parties     Ultimate
                    Name of             shares held    shareholding    shareholding Substantial              pledged Controlling          De facto             acting in   beneficial
                No. Shareholder             (share)            ratio           ratio Shareholders             shares shareholders         controllers          concert     owners


                 1   Zhejiang          3,452,076,906           12.57          12.57 Holding 5% or                  – Zhejiang Provincial Zhejiang Provincial Nil           Zhejiang Provincial
                       Provincial                                                     more of our                      Department of       Department of                     Financial
                       Financial                                                      Bank’s shares                    Finance             Finance                           Holdings Co.,
                       Holdings                                                       and dispatch                                                                           Ltd.
                       Co., Ltd.                                                      Directors to
                                                                                      our Bank
                 2   Zhejiang          1,091,531,078            3.97                  Holding 5% or                – State-owned Assets                        Nil         Zhejiang Provincial
                       Provincial                                                       more of our                     Supervision and                                      Energy Group
                       Energy                                                           Bank’s shares                   Administration                                       Co., Ltd.
                       Group                                                            in total with                   Commission of
                       Co., Ltd.                                                        the related                     the People’s
                                                                                        parties and                     Government of
                                                                                        jointly dispatch                Zhejiang Province State-owned Assets
                                                                                        Directors to                                         Supervision And
                 3   Zheneng            475,322,900             1.73                                               – Zheneng Capital                           Nil         Zheneng Capital
                                                                                        our Bank                                             Administration
                       Capital                                                                                          Holdings Limited                                     Holdings
                                                                               6.72                                                          Commission of
                       Investment                                                                                                                                            Limited
                                                                                                                                             the People’s
                       (Hong Kong)
                                                                                                                                             Government of
                       Limited (H
                                                                                                                                             Zhejiang Province
                       share)
                 4   Zhejiang           280,075,000             1.02                                               – Zhejiang Energy                           Nil         Zhejiang Energy
                       Energy                                                                                          Group Co., Ltd.                                       International
                       International                                                                                                                                         Co., Ltd.
                       Co., Ltd. (H
                       share)
                                                                                                                                                Annual Report 2023          115




                                 Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders



                                                                      Reasons for
                          Number of       Separately          Jointly being the         Number of                                         Parties     Ultimate
    Name of              shares held    shareholding    shareholding Substantial          pledged Controlling           De facto          acting in   beneficial
No. Shareholder              (share)            ratio           ratio Shareholders         shares shareholders          controllers       concert     owners


 5    Zhejiang           660,490,068             2.40               Holding 5% or 508,069,283 Zhejiang Hengyi                             Nil         Zhejiang Hengyi
        Hengyi                                                        more of our               Petrochemical                                           High-tech
        High-                                                         Bank’s shares             Co., Ltd.                                               Material Co.,
        tech Material                                                 in total with                                                                     Ltd.
        Co., Ltd.                                                     the related
 6    Zhejiang           643,052,319             2.34                 parties and 643,052,319 Hangzhou Wan                                Nil         Zhejiang Hengyi
                                                                                                                Qiu Jianlin
        Hengyi                                                  5.88 jointly dispatch           Yong Industrial                                         Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                      Directors to                                 (邱建林)
        Group Co.,                                                                              Investment Co.,
        Ltd.                                                          our Bank                  Ltd.
 7    Zhejiang           312,000,000             1.14                                   240,000,000 Heng Yi                               Nil         Zhejiang Hengyi
        Hengyi                                                                                        Petrochemical                                     Petrochemical
        Petrochemical                                                                                 Co., Ltd.                                         Co., Ltd.
        Co., Ltd.
 8    Hengdian          1,615,542,387            5.88           5.88 Holding 5% or               – Dongyang Hengdian Dongyang Hengdian Nil            Hengdian Group
        Group                                                          more of our                   Association       Association                      Holdings
        Holdings                                                       Bank’s shares                 For Economics     For Economics                    Limited
        Limited                                                        and dispatch                  Corporation       Corporation
                                                                       Directors to
                                                                       our Bank
 9    Zhejiang          1,203,410,000            4.38               Holding 5% or                – Zhejiang                             Nil           Zhejiang Provincial
        Seaport                                                       more of our                    Harbor Asset                                       Seaport
        (Hong Kong)                                                   Bank’s shares                  Management Co.,                                    Investment
        Co., Limited                                                  in total with                  Ltd.            State-owned Assets                 & Operation
        (H share)                                                     the related                                          Supervision And              Group Co., Ltd.
 10 Zhejiang             175,890,000             0.64                 parties and                – Ningbo Municipal        Administration Nil         Zhejiang Provincial
      Provincial                                                5.02 jointly dispatch                 People’s             Commission of                Seaport
      Seaport                                                         Directors to                    Government           the People’s                 Investment
      Investment                                                      our Bank                        State-               Government of                & Operation
      & Operation                                                                                     owned Assets         Zhejiang Province            Group Co., Ltd.
      Group                                                                                           Supervision and
      Co., Ltd. (H                                                                                    Administration
      share)                                                                                          Commission
116   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders



                                                                                        Reasons for
                                           Number of       Separately           Jointly being the               Number of                                          Parties      Ultimate
                    Name of               shares held    shareholding     shareholding Substantial                pledged Controlling         De facto             acting in    beneficial
                No. Shareholder               (share)            ratio            ratio Shareholders               shares shareholders        controllers          concert      owners


                 11 Zhejiang China         582,989,506            2.12                                                  – Shaoxing City                            Nil          Zhejiang China
                      Light & Textile                                                                                       Keqiao District                                       Light & Textile
                      Industrial City                                                                                       Development and                                       Industrial City
                      Group                                                                                                 Operation Group                                       Group Co., Ltd.
                      Co., Ltd.                                                          Dispatch                           Co., Ltd.
                                                                                            Supervisors to                                     Shaoxing Keqiao
                 12 Shaoxing City          393,891,313            1.43               3.56 our Bank with                 – Shaoxing Keqiao        District People’s Nil          Shaoxing City
                      Keqiao                                                                the related                     District State-      Government                       Keqiao District
                      District                                                              parties jointly                 owned Assets                                          Development
                      Development                                                                                           Investment and                                        and Operation
                      and Operation                                                                                         Operation Co.,                                        Group Co., Ltd.
                      Group Co.,                                                                                            Ltd.
                      Ltd.


      (VII) Pledge and Freezing of Ordinary Shares
                As at the end of the reporting period, to the knowledge of the Company, 2,459,649,222 shares of the
                Bank (representing 8.96% of the total ordinary shares in issue) were pledged, of which, 258,185,029
                shares were subject to judicial freezing.

      (VIII) Interests in Shares and Short Positions in Accordance with the
             Hong Kong Securities and Futures Ordinance
                As of December 31, 2023, in accordance with the register kept by the Company under section 336 of
                the SFO and so far as the Company is aware, the following persons (excluding the Company’s Directors,
                supervisors and chief executive (as defined in the Hong Kong Listing Rules)) had an interest or short
                position in the Shares or underlying Shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the
                Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or directly or indirectly held 5%
                or more of any class of share capital of the Company:

                                                                                                                                                                                  Approximate
                                                                                                                                                            Approximate         percentage of
                                                         Nature of                                                                       Number of           percentage            the relevant
                                                         interests and                                        Long/short                     shares           of interest      class of shares
                Name of Shareholder                      capacity                         Class               position                     (Shares)                   (%)                   (%)


                Zhejiang Provincial Financial Holdings   Beneficial owner                 A Shares            Long position        3,452,076,906                    12.57                    16.02
                  Co., Ltd.
                Zhejiang Hengyi Group Co., Ltd.          Beneficial owner and             A Shares            Long position        1,615,542,387                     5.88                     7.50
                                                            Interest of controlled
                                                            corporation
                Qiu Jianlin (邱建林)                        Interest of controlled           A Shares            Long position        1,615,542,387                     5.88                     7.50
                                                            corporation
                                                                                                                        Annual Report 2023       117




                                 Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders


                                                                                                                                 Approximate
                                                                                                              Approximate      percentage of
                                         Nature of                                               Number of     percentage         the relevant
                                         interests and                        Long/short             shares     of interest   class of shares
Name of Shareholder                      capacity                  Class      position             (Shares)             (%)                (%)


Hengdian Group Holdings Limited        Beneficial owner            A Shares   Long position   1,615,542,387           5.88               7.50
Hengdian Association For Economics Interest of controlled          A Shares   Long position   1,615,542,387           5.88               7.50
  Corporation                             corporation
Zhejiang Provincial Energy Group       Beneficial owner            A Shares   Long position   1,091,531,078           3.97               5.07
  Co., Ltd.
Zhejiang Provincial Energy Group       Interest of controlled      H Shares   Long position    755,397,900            2.75              12.76
  Co., Ltd.                               corporation
Zhejiang Energy Capital Holdings       Interest of controlled      H Shares   Long position    755,397,900            2.75              12.76
  Co., Ltd.                               corporation
Zheneng Capital Investment (Hong       Beneficial owner            H Shares   Long position    475,322,900            1.73               8.03
  Kong) Limited
Zhejiang Provincial Seaport Investment Beneficial owner and        H Shares   Long position   1,379,300,000           5.02              23.30
  & Operation Group Co., Ltd.             Interest of controlled
                                          corporation
Zhejiang Seaport (Hong Kong)           Beneficial owner            H Shares   Long position   1,203,410,000           4.38              20.33
  Co., Limited
Zhejiang Seaport Asset Management Interest of controlled           H Shares   Long position   1,203,410,000           4.38              20.33
  Co., Limited                            corporation
Yancoal International (Holding)        Beneficial owner            H Shares   Long position    933,897,000            3.40              15.77
  Company Limited
Yanzhou Coal Mining Company            Interest of controlled      H Shares   Long position    933,897,000            3.40              15.77
  Limited                                 corporation
Yankuang Group Company                 Interest of controlled      H Shares   Long position    933,897,000            3.40              15.77
  Limited                                 corporation
Aeon Life Insurance Co. Ltd.           Beneficial owner            H Shares   Long position    349,611,600            1.27               5.91

Save as disclosed above, the Company was unaware of any other person (excluding the Company’s
Directors, Supervisors and chief executive (as defined in the Hong Kong Listing Rules)) who had an
interest or short position in the Shares or underlying Shares of the Company which would fall to be
disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or any interest
or short position as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 336
of the SFO on December 31, 2023.
118   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders



      (IX)      Issue of Bonds
                On June 13, 2018, according to the approvals in the documents issued by the former CBIRC (Yin Jian Fu
                [2017] No. 339) and People’s Bank of China (Yin Shi Chang Xu Zhun Yu Zi [2017] No. 232), the Company
                publicly issued the first tranche of tier 2 capital bonds of 2018 of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. in an
                amount of RMB15 billion in the national inter-bank bond market. This tranche of bonds has a term of 10
                years and bears interest at fixed interest rate, and the Company may exercise the right of redemption
                with pre-conditions upon the expiry of the first five-year period. Raised proceeds will all be used to
                replenish the tier 2 capital of the Company. The Company was awarded an entity credit rating of AAA by
                China Chengxin International Credit Rating Co., Ltd. with a stable rating outlook, and the credit rating for
                this tranche of tier 2 capital bonds was AA+. On June 15, 2023, the Company elected to redeem all the
                bonds.

                On March 3, 2020, according to the approvals in the documents issued by the former CBIRC (Yin Bao
                Jian Fu [2019] No. 1096) and People’s Bank of China (Yin Shi Chang Xu Zhun Yu Zi [2020] No. 14), the
                Company publicly issued the first tranche of 2020 special financial bonds for small and micro corporate
                of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. in the amount of RMB10 billion in the national inter-bank bond market.
                On April 8, 2020, according to the approvals in the documents issued by the former CBIRC (Yin Bao
                Jian Fu [2019] No. 1096) and People’s Bank of China (Yin Shi Chang Xu Zhun Yu Zi [2020] No. 14),
                the Company publicly issued the second tranche of 2020 special financial bonds for small and micro
                corporate of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. in the amount of RMB15 billion in the national inter-bank
                bond market. These two tranches of bonds have the term of 3 years and bear interest at fixed interest
                rate, and all proceeds from the issue of the bonds will be used to extend small and micro corporate
                loans pursuant to applicable laws and approval from regulatory authorities. The Company was awarded
                an entity credit rating of AAA by China Chengxin International Credit Rating Co., Ltd. with a stable
                rating outlook, and the credit rating for these two tranches of financial bonds was AAA. The above two
                tranches of bonds were matured and redeemed on March 5, 2023 and April 10, 2023 respectively.

                On September 24, 2021, according to the approvals in the documents issued by the former CBIRC
                (Yin Bao Jian Fu [2021] No. 717) and People’s Bank of China (Yin Xu Zhun Yu Zi [2021] No. 19), the
                Company publicly issued the first tranche of 2021 special financial bonds for small and micro corporate
                loans of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. in the amount of RMB10 billion in the national inter-bank bond
                market. This tranche of bonds has a term of 3 years and bear interest at fixed interest rate, and all
                proceeds from the issue of the bonds will be used specially for extending small and micro corporate
                loans. The Company was awarded an entity credit rating of AAA by China Chengxin International Credit
                Rating Co., Ltd. with a stable rating outlook, and the credit rating for this tranche of financial bonds was
                AAA.

                On February 23, 2022, according to the approvals in the documents issued by the former CBIRC (Yin
                Bao Jian Fu [2021] No. 717) and People’s Bank of China (Yin Xu Zhun Yu Zi [2021] No. 19), the Company
                publicly issued the first tranche of 2022 special financial bonds for small and micro corporate loans of
                China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. in the amount of RMB10 billion in the national inter-bank bond market.
                On April 7, 2022, according to the approvals in the documents issued by the former CBIRC (Yin Bao Jian
                Fu [2021] No. 717) and People’s Bank of China (Yin Xu Zhun Yu Zi [2021] No. 19), the Company publicly
                issued the second tranche of 2020 special financial bonds for small and micro corporate loans of China
                Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. in the amount of RMB10 billion in the national inter-bank bond market. These
                two tranches of bonds have the term of 3 years and bear interest at fixed interest rate, and proceeds
                from the issue of the bonds will be used specially for extending small and micro corporate loans,
                                                                                             Annual Report 2023   119




                      Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders


increasing the support for credit availability to small and micro enterprises as well as boosting stable and
healthy development of the businesses of small and micro enterprises pursuant to applicable laws and
approval from regulatory authorities. The Company was awarded an entity credit rating of AAA by China
Chengxin International Credit Rating Co., Ltd. with a stable rating outlook, and the credit rating for these
two tranches of financial bonds was AAA.

On October 18, 2022, according to the approvals in the Affirmative Decision of Administrative License
from People’s Bank of China (《中國人民銀行准予行政許可決定書》) issued by People’s Bank of China
(Yin Xu Zhun Yu Jue Zi [2022] No. 40), the Company publicly issued the third tranche of 2022 special
financial bonds for small and micro corporate loans of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. in the amount of
RMB10 billion in the national inter-bank bond market. This tranche of bonds has a term of 3 years for
RMB5 billion and a term of 5 years for remaining RMB5 billion and bear interest at fixed interest rate,
and proceeds from the issue of the bonds will be used specially for extending small and micro corporate
loans and supporting the construction of Zhejiang Demonstration Zone for Common Prosperity. The
Company was awarded an entity credit rating of AAA by China Chengxin International Credit Rating Co.,
Ltd. with a stable rating outlook, and the credit rating for this tranche of financial bonds was AAA.

On December 13, 2022, according to the approvals in the Affirmative Decision of Administrative License
from People’s Bank of China (《中國人民銀行准予行政許可決定書》) issued by People’s Bank of China
(Yin Xu Zhun Yu Jue Zi [2022] No. 40), the Company publicly issued 2022 green financial bonds of
China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. in the amount of RMB10 billion in the national inter-bank bond market.
This tranche of bonds has a term of 3 years and bears interest at fixed interest rate, and proceeds from
the issue of the bonds will be used in the green industrial projects stipulated by Green Bond Endorsed
Project Catalogue (2021 Edition) (《綠色債券支持項目目錄(2021年版)》) pursuant to applicable laws and
approval from regulatory authorities. The Company was awarded an entity credit rating of AAA by China
Chengxin International Credit Rating Co., Ltd. with a stable rating outlook, and the credit rating for this
tranche of financial bonds was AAA.

On December 13, 2022, according to the approvals in the Affirmative Decision of Administrative License
from People’s Bank of China (《中國人民銀行准予行政許可決定書》) issued by People’s Bank of China
(Yin Xu Zhun Yu Jue Zi [2022] No. 40), the Company publicly issued 2022 special financial bonds for
“agriculture, rural areas and farmers” of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. in the amount of RMB5 billion
in the national inter-bank bond market. This tranche of bonds has a term of 3 years and bears interest
at fixed interest rate, and all proceeds from the issue of the bonds will be used specially for extending
agriculture-related loans, increasing the support for credit availability to the fields of “agriculture, rural
areas and farmers”, boosting the development of issuers’ financial services regarding “agriculture, rural
areas and farmers” in a rapid and healthy manner, and strengthening the support for financial services
regarding rural revitalization pursuant to applicable laws and approval from regulatory authorities. The
Company was awarded an entity credit rating of AAA by China Chengxin International Credit Rating Co.,
Ltd. with a stable rating outlook, and the credit rating for this tranche of financial bonds was AAA.

On April 24, 2023, according to the approvals in the Affirmative Decision of Administrative License
from People’s Bank of China (《中國人民銀行准予行政許可決定書》) issued by People’s Bank of China
(Yin Xu Zhun Yu Jue Zi [2023] No. 32), the Company publicly issued the first tranche of 2023 special
financial bonds for small and micro corporate loans of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd in the amount of
RMB10 billion in the national inter-bank bond market. This tranche of bonds has a term of 3 years and
bears interest at fixed interest rate, and all proceeds from the issue of the bonds will be used specially
120   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders


                for extending small and micro corporate loans, increasing the support for credit availability to small
                and micro enterprises as well as boosting stable and healthy development of the businesses of small
                and micro enterprises. The Company was awarded an entity credit rating of AAA by China Chengxin
                International Credit Rating Co., Ltd. with a stable rating outlook, and the credit rating for this tranche of
                financial bonds was AAA.

                On May 25, 2023, according to the Approvals by CBIRC on the Issuance of Capital Instruments by
                China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd (《中國銀保監會關於浙商銀行發行資本工具的批覆》) issued by former
                CBIRC (Yin Bao Jian Fu [2023] No. 254) and the approvals in the Affirmative Decision of Administrative
                License from People’s Bank of China (《中國人民銀行准予行政許可決定書》) issued by People’s Bank of
                China (Yin Xu Zhun Yu Jue Zi [2023] No. 32), the Company publicly issued tier 2 capital bonds of 2023
                China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. in an amount of RMB20 billion in the national inter-bank bond market.
                This tranche of bonds has a term of 10 years and bears interest at fixed interest rate, with a conditional
                issuer’s redemption right at the end of the 5th year, which entitles the issuer to redeem the bonds
                partially or wholly at par subject to the approval of the relevant regulatory authorities. All proceeds from
                the issue of the bonds will be used to replenish the tier 2 capital of the Company and optimize its capital
                structure and promote the sound development of its business. The Company was awarded an entity
                credit rating of AAA by China Chengxin International Credit Rating Co., Ltd. with a stable rating outlook,
                and the credit rating for this tranche of tier 2 capital bonds was AAA.

                On July 24, 2023, according to the approvals in the Affirmative Decision of Administrative License from
                People’s Bank of China (《中國人民銀行准予行政許可決定書》) issued by People’s Bank of China (Yin Xu
                Zhun Yu Jue Zi [2023] No. 32), the Company publicly issued the first tranche of 2023 financial bonds of
                China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd in the amount of RMB30 billion in the national inter-bank bond market.
                This tranche of bonds has a term of 3 years and bears interest at fixed interest rate, and all proceeds
                from the issue of the bonds will be used to meet the needs of asset liability allocation, enrich funding
                sources, optimize debt maturity structure, and promote stable business development. The Company was
                awarded an entity credit rating of AAA by China Chengxin International Credit Rating Co., Ltd. with a
                stable rating outlook, and the credit rating for this tranche of financial bonds was AAA.

                On November 3, 2023, according to the approvals in the Affirmative Decision of Administrative License
                from People’s Bank of China (《中國人民銀行准予行政許可決定書》) issued by People’s Bank of China
                (Yin Xu Zhun Yu Jue Zi [2023] No. 32), the Company publicly issued the second tranche of 2023 special
                financial bonds for small and micro corporate loans of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd in the amount of
                RMB15 billion in the national inter-bank bond market. This tranche of bonds has a term of 3 years and
                bears interest at fixed interest rate, and all proceeds from the issue of the bonds will be used specially
                for extending small and micro corporate loans, increasing the support for credit availability to small
                and micro enterprises as well as boosting stable and healthy development of the businesses of small
                and micro enterprises. The Company was awarded an entity credit rating of AAA by China Chengxin
                International Credit Rating Co., Ltd. with a stable rating outlook, and the credit rating for this tranche of
                financial bonds was AAA.

                On November 23, 2023, according to the Approvals by CBIRC on the Issuance of Capital Instruments
                by China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd (《中國銀保監會關於浙商銀行發行資本工具的批覆》                           ) issued by former
                CBIRC (Yin Bao Jian Fu [2023] No. 254) and the approvals in the Affirmative Decision of Administrative
                License from People’s Bank of China (《中國人民銀行准予行政許可決定書》) issued by People’s Bank of
                China (Yin Xu Zhun Yu Jue Zi [2023] No. 32), the Company publicly issued the second tranche of tier
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023   121




                            Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders


       2 capital bonds of 2023 China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. in an amount of RMB10 billion in the national
       inter-bank bond market. This tranche of bonds has a term of 10 years and bears interest at fixed interest
       rate, with a conditional issuer’s redemption right at the end of the 5th year, which entitles the issuer to
       redeem the bonds partially or wholly at par subject to the approval of the relevant regulatory authorities.
       All proceeds from the issue of the bonds will be used to replenish the tier 2 capital of the Company and
       optimize its capital structure and promote the sound development of its business. The Company was
       awarded an entity credit rating of AAA by China Chengxin International Credit Rating Co., Ltd. with a
       stable rating outlook, and the credit rating for this tranche of tier 2 capital bonds was AAA.

(X)    Information about Offshore Preference Shares
       As of the end of the reporting period, the Company had no surviving preference shares.

(XI)   Information about Undated Capital Bond
       As considered and approved at the sixth extraordinary meeting of the fifth session of the Board of the
       Company in 2020 and the Company’s 2021 first extraordinary general meeting and with the approval
       from the former CBIRC and the People’s Bank of China, the Company successfully issued undated
       capital bonds with a total issue amount of RMB25.0 billion on November 25, 2021 in China’s national
       inter-bank bond market. The coupon rate is 3.85% during the first five years and will be adjusted every
       five years. The Company shall be entitled to redeem the bonds, in total or in partial, on every distribution
       payment date since the fifth distribution payment date (inclusive). All the proceeds will be used to
       replenish the Company’s additional tier 1 capital.
122   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Information on Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management,
      Employees and Institutions

      (I)       Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management
      1.        Basic information of Directors, Supervisors and senior management as at the end
                of the reporting period
                                                                                                                                    Remuneration
                                                                                                      Number of                      before taxes       Whether
                                                                                                     Shares held     Number of            from the remunerated
                                                                                                           at the   Shares held          Company      by related
                                                                                                       beginning     at the end         during the     parties of
                Name            Position          Gender    Date of birth   Term of office              of period     of period   reporting period the Company
                                                                                                                                      (RMB in ten
                                                                                                        (Shares)       (Shares)         thousand)


                Lu Jianqiang    Chairman, Executive male    1965.04         2023.08-2024.07                    0             0              93.43             No
                  (陸建強)           Director
                Zhang Rongsen   Executive Director, male    1968.10         2021.08-2024.07            1,341,100      1,743,430            226.30             No
                  (張榮森)           President
                Ma Hong         Executive Director female   1972.04         2021.11-2024.07               63,900        83,070             140.32             No
                  (馬紅)
                Chen Haiqiang   Executive Director, male    1974.10         2021.11-2024.07              580,000       754,000             191.15             No
                  (陳海強)           Vice President,                             (Executive
                                  and Former Chief                            Director)
                                  Risk Officer                              2020.07-2024.07
                                                                              (Vice President)
                                                                            2021.06-2023.12
                                                                              (Chief Risk Officer)
                Hou Xingchuan   Non-executive      male     1976.07         2022.01-2024.07                    0             0                  –            Yes
                  (侯興釧)           Director
                Ren Zhixiang    Non-executive      male     1969.02         2020.11-2024.07                    0             0                  –            Yes
                  (任志祥)           Director
                Gao Qinhong     Non-executive      female   1963.07         2004.07-2024.07                    0             0                  –            Yes
                  (高勤紅)           Director
                Hu Tiangao      Non-executive      male     1965.09         2004.07-2024.07                    0             0                  –            Yes
                  (胡天高)           Director
                Zhu Weiming     Non-executive      male     1969.03         2016.12-2024.07                    0             0                  –            Yes
                  (朱瑋明)           Director
                Zhou Zhifang    Independent        male     1956.12         2018.10-2024.07                    0             0              38.00             No
                  (周志方)           Non-executive
                                  Director
                Wang Guocai     Independent        male     1956.11         2018.10-2024.07                    0             0              36.00             No
                 (王國才)            Non-executive
                                  Director
                Wang Wei        Independent        male     1967.08         2020.11-2024.07                    0             0              34.00             No
                 (汪煒)             Non-executive
                                  Director
                                                                                                                           Annual Report 2023      123




              Information on Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management,
                                             Employees and Institutions

                                                                                                                   Remuneration
                                                                                     Number of                      before taxes       Whether
                                                                                    Shares held     Number of            from the remunerated
                                                                                          at the   Shares held          Company      by related
                                                                                      beginning     at the end         during the     parties of
Name            Position              Gender   Date of birth   Term of office          of period     of period   reporting period the Company
                                                                                                                     (RMB in ten
                                                                                       (Shares)       (Shares)         thousand)


Xu Yongbin      Independent            male    1962.12         2022.02-2024.07                0             0              36.00             No
  (許永斌)           Non-executive
                  Director
Fu Tingmei      Independent            male    1966.05         2023.05-2024.07                0             0              23.00             No
  (傅廷美)           Non-executive
                  Director
Zheng Jindu     Former Independent     male    1964.07         2016.01-2023.07                0             0              19.83             No
  (鄭金都)           Non-executive
                  Director
Guo Dingfang    Employee               male    1969.10         2021.07－2024.07                0             0             118.39             No
 (郭定方)            Supervisor,
                  Chairman of
                  supervisory
                  committee
Wu Fanghua      Employee               male    1972.08         2023.01－2024.07                0        52,000                  –             No
   (吳方華)          Supervisor
Peng Zhiyuan    Employee               male    1976.01         2023.01－2024.07                0             0                  –             No
   (彭志遠)          Supervisor
Chen Zhongwei   Employee               male    1970.09         2018.06－2024.02                0             0                  –             No
   (陳忠偉)          Supervisor
Ma Xiaofeng     Shareholder            male    1977.09         2023.12－2024.07                0             0                  –            Yes
   (馬曉峰)          Supervisor
Gao Qiang       External Supervisor    male    1960.09         2022.06－2024.07                0             0              32.00            Yes
   (高強)
Zhang Fanquan   External Supervisor    male    1960.10         2021.07－2024.07                0             0              32.00             No
   (張范全)
Song Qinghua    External Supervisor    male    1965.09         2021.07－2024.07                0             0              30.00             No
   (宋清華)
Chen Sanlian    External Supervisor    male    1964.11         2021.07－2024.07                0             0              30.00            Yes
   (陳三聯)
Pan Huafeng     Former Employee        male    1972.01         2021.07－2023.05                0             0                  –             No
   (潘華楓)          Supervisor
Jing Feng       Vice President,        male    1979.12         2018.12－2024.01          573,000       744,900             191.15             No
   (景峰)           Chief Financial                                (Chief Financial
                  Officer                                        Officer)
                                                               2021.12－2024.07
                                                                 (Vice President)
124   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Information on Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management,
      Employees and Institutions

                                                                                                                                  Remuneration
                                                                                                    Number of                      before taxes       Whether
                                                                                                   Shares held     Number of            from the remunerated
                                                                                                         at the   Shares held          Company      by related
                                                                                                     beginning     at the end         during the     parties of
                Name          Position              Gender   Date of birth   Term of office           of period     of period   reporting period the Company
                                                                                                                                    (RMB in ten
                                                                                                      (Shares)       (Shares)         thousand)


                Luo Feng      Vice President         male    1979.09         2021.12－2024.07           572,300       743,990             191.15             No
                   (駱峰)
                Lin Jingran   Vice President         male    1974.06         2023.11－2024.07                 0       234,000              16.33             No
                   (林靜然)
                Zhou Weixin   President Assistant    male    1971.06         2023.09－2024.07                 0             0              58.42             No
                   (周偉新)
                Liu Long      Former Vice            male    1965.09         2016.04－2023.04         1,347,900      1,752,270             63.49             No
                   (劉龍)         President,                                     (Vice President)
                                Secretary to the                             2015.02－2023.04
                                Board                                          (Secretary to the
                                                                               Board)
                Jiang Rong    Former Chief Audit     male    1969.12         2021.08－2023.12           159,400       207,220             164.51             No
                   (姜戎)         Officer

                Notes:

                Nomination of Directors of the sixth session of the Board of the Company is as follows: Hou Xingchuan (Director) was
                nominated by Zhejiang Provincial Financial Holdings Co., Ltd. (shareholder); Ren Zhixiang (Director) was nominated
                by Zhejiang Provincial Energy Group Co., Ltd., Zhejiang Energy Capital Holdings Co., Ltd. (浙能資本控股有限公
                司), and Zhejiang Energy International Co., Ltd. (shareholders); Gao Qinhong (Director) was nominated by Zhejiang
                Hengyi Group Co., Ltd., Zhejiang Hengyi Petrochemical Co., Ltd. and Zhejiang Hengyi High-tech Material Co., Ltd.
                (shareholders); Hu Tiangao (Director) was nominated by Hengdian Group Holdings Limited (shareholder); and Zhu
                Weiming (Director) was nominated by Zhejiang Provincial Seaport Investment & Operation Group Co., Ltd. and
                Zhejiang Seaport (Hong Kong) Co., Limited (shareholders).

                The nomination of the present shareholder supervisors of the sixth session of the supervisory committee of the
                Company is as follows: Ma Xiaofeng (Supervisor) was nominated by Zhejiang China Textile City Group Co., Ltd., and
                Shaoxing City Keqiao District Development and Operation Group Co., Ltd (shareholders).

                The Company’s employee Supervisors receive their remuneration with respect to their posts as employees and do not
                receive any remuneration as employee Supervisors.

                The time of the beginning of the term of Directors and senior management shall be subject to the approval time of the
                regulatory authority, and shall be effective from the date of first appointment for re-elected Directors, Supervisors and
                senior management.

                The aggregate pre-tax remunerations of certain Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the Company are
                still pending verified, and the information about the pre-tax remunerations of other staff will be disclosed separately
                upon confirmation of payment.
                                                                                              Annual Report 2023   125




             Information on Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management,
                                            Employees and Institutions

2.   Changes of Directors, Supervisors and senior management
     Directors
     On February 6, 2023, Mr. Zhuang Yuemin resigned as a Non-executive Director of the Company as he
     needed to devote more time to other personal commitments. As at the effective date of his resignation,
     Mr. Zhuang Yuemin’s qualification for directorship has not been approved by the regulatory authorities.

     From April 19 to 25, 2023, the Company held the second extraordinary meeting of the sixth session
     of the Board of Directors 2023 by written transmission of signatures and elected Mr. Lu Jianqiang as
     the Chairman of the sixth session of the Board of Directors. On August 9, 2023, Mr. Lu Jianqiang’s
     qualification to serve as an executive Director and Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Company
     was approved by the National Financial Regulatory Administration (the “NFRA”), and he formally assumed
     his duties.

     On May 4, 2023, Mr. Fu Tingmei’s qualification to serve as an Independent Non-executive Director of the
     Company was approved by the former CBIRC (now the NFRA), and he formally assumed his duties.

     On May 4, 2023, the Company held its 2022 Annual General Meeting and elected Mr. Lou Weizhong as
     an Independent Non-executive Director of the sixth session of the Board of Directors, whose qualification
     for directorship are subject to the approval of the NFRA.

     On July 5, 2023, Mr. Zheng Jindu resigned as an Independent Non-executive Director of the Company,
     a member of the Risk and Related Party Transaction Control Committee under the Board and the
     Consumer Rights Protection Committee under the Board due to the fact that he had served as an
     Independent Non-executive Director of the Company for a consecutive period of six years, and such
     resignation took effect upon the delivery of the resignation report to the Board of the Company.

     On August 21, 2023, Mr. Guan Pinfang resigned as an Independent Non-executive Director of the
     Company due to personal health and time arrangement. As at the effective date of his resignation, Mr.
     Guan Pinfang’s qualification for directorship has not been approved by the regulatory authorities.

     On December 19, 2023, the Company held the first extraordinary general meeting of 2023 and elected
     Mr. Ying Yuxiang as a Non-executive Director of the sixth session of the Board of Directors, whose
     qualification for directorship is subject to the approval of the NFRA.

     On January 31, 2024, the Company held the 2024 First Extraordinary Meeting of the sixth session of the
     Board of Directors and approved the Proposal on Nominating Mr. Wu Zhijun as a Director Candidate for
     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. The proposal is yet to be considered at the general meeting.

     On March 28, 2024, the Company held the twelfth meeting of the sixth session of the Board of Directors
     and approved the Proposal on Nominating Mr. Shi Hao as an Independent Director Candidate for China
     Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. The proposal is subject to consideration at the general meeting.
126   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Information on Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management,
      Employees and Institutions

                Supervisors
                On January 12, 2023, the Company held the third workers and employees’ congress of the third session
                and Mr. Wu Fanghua and Mr. Peng Zhiyuan were elected as employee Supervisors of the sixth session
                of the supervisory committee of CZBank.

                On May 4, 2023, Mr. Pan Huafeng resigned as an employee Supervisor and member of the Supervision
                Committee of the supervisory committee of the Company due to adjustments to internal positions.

                On December 19, 2023, the Company held the first extraordinary general meeting of 2023 and elected
                Mr. Ma Xiaofeng as a shareholder Supervisor of the sixth session of the supervisory committee.

                On February 27, 2024, Mr. Chen Zhongwei tendered his resignation as an employee Supervisor and a
                member of the Supervision Committee of the supervisory committee of the Company due to adjustments
                to internal positions.

                Senior Management
                On April 28, 2023, Mr. Liu Long resigned as Vice President, Secretary to the Board of Directors,
                Company Secretary and authorized representative of the Company under Rule 3.05 of the Hong Kong
                Listing Rules due to his personal career planning arrangement.

                On May 4, 2023, the third extraordinary meeting of the sixth session of the Board of Directors of the
                Bank in 2023 agreed to appoint Mr. Pan Huafeng as the President Assistant of the Company. On
                December 19, 2023, at the eleventh meeting of the sixth session of the Board of Directors of the
                Company, Mr. Pan Huafeng was agreed to be appointed as the Chief Risk Officer of the Company. On
                March 7, 2024, the qualification of Mr. Pan Huafeng to act as the President Assistant and the Chief Risk
                Officer of the Company was approved by the NFRA.

                On June 25, 2023, at the ninth meeting of the sixth session of the Board of Directors of the Bank, it was
                agreed to appoint Mr. Lin Jingran as the Vice President of the Company, and on November 24, 2023, the
                qualification of Mr. Lin Jingran to act as the Vice President of the Company was approved by the NFRA.

                On August 28, 2023, Mr. Zhou Weixin’s qualification to serve as the President Assistant of the Company
                was approved by the NFRA.

                On 27 October 2023, at the tenth meeting of the sixth session of the Board of Directors of the Company,
                it was agreed to appoint Mr. Luo Feng as the Secretary to the Board of Directors of the Company, and
                the appointment will be issued after the qualifications of the senior management are approved by the
                NFRA.

                On December 1, 2023, Mr. Jiang Rong resigned as the Chief Audit Officer of the Company due to
                change of job position.
                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2023   127




               Information on Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management,
                                              Employees and Institutions

     On December 19, 2023, at the eleventh meeting of the sixth session of the Board of Directors of the
     Company, the Company agreed to appoint Mr. Wang Chaoming as the President Assistant and the Chief
     Information Officer of the Company, a letter of appointment will be issued after the qualifications of the
     senior management are approved by the NFRA and dismissed Mr. Chen Haiqiang from the position of
     the Chief Risk Officer, a position concurrently held by Mr. Chen Haiqiang.

     On January 19, 2024, Mr. Jing Feng resigned as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company as a result of
     a change in the division of responsibilities.

     On January 31, 2024, at the first extraordinary meeting of the sixth session of the Board of Directors of
     the Company in 2024, it was agreed to appoint Mr. Hou Bo as the President Assistant of the Company,
     and the appointment will be issued after the qualifications of the senior management are approved by the
     NFRA.

3.   Posts held by incumbent Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management in
     shareholders and those resigned during the reporting period
                                                                                                    Date of           Date of
     Name            Name of shareholder                             Position in shareholders       appointment       termination


     Hou Xingchuan   Zhejiang Provincial Financial Holdings Co., Ltd. Member of the Party           January 2021      To date
                                                                        Committee, Deputy
                                                                        General Manager
     Gao Qinhong     Zhejiang Hengyi Group Co., Ltd.                  Chief Financial Advisor       April 2012        To date
     Hu Tiangao      Hengdian Group Holdings Limited                  Director and Senior Vice      September 1995    To date
                                                                        President
     Ma Xiaofeng     Zhejiang China Textile City Group Co., Ltd.      Member of the Party           May 2021          April 2022
                                                                        Committee, Deputy
                                                                        General Manager
                                                                      Member of the Party           April 2022        To date
                                                                        Committee, Deputy
                                                                        General Manager,
                                                                        Secretary to the Board of
                                                                        Directors
128   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Information on Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management,
      Employees and Institutions

      4.        Posts held by incumbent Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management in other
                companies and those resigned during the reporting period
                                                                              Position in other          Date of          Date of
                Name            Name of other companies                       companies                  appointment      termination


                Ren Zhixiang    Zhejiang Energy Capital Holdings Co., Ltd.    General manager            October 2019     To date
                Ren Zhixiang    Zhejiang Energy Capital Holdings Co., Ltd.    Director                   June 2020        To date
                Ren Zhixiang    Zhejiang Fuzhe Investment Co., Ltd.           Director                   April 2020       To date
                Ren Zhixiang    Zheshang Property and Casualty Insurance      Vice President             January 2021     To date
                                  Company Limited
                Ren Zhixiang    Orient Securities Co., Ltd.                   Director                   March 2021       To date
                Hu Tiangao      Hengdian Group DMEGC Magnetics Co., Ltd.      Director                   March 2008       To date
                Hu Tiangao      Apeloa Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.               Director                   May 2008         To date
                Hu Tiangao      Innuovo Technology Co., Ltd.                  Director                   April 2011       To date
                Hu Tiangao      Hengdian Group Tospo Lighting Co., Ltd.       Director                   January 2013     To date
                Hu Tiangao      Hengdian Entertainment Co., Ltd.              Director                   June 2015        To date
                Hu Tiangao      Nanhua Futures Co., Ltd.                      Director                   April 2021       To date
                Zhu Weiming     Zhejiang Seaport Asset Management Co., Ltd.   President                  April 2016       To date
                Zhu Weiming     Zhejiang Seaport Asset Management Co., Ltd.   General manager            November 2020    March 2023
                Zhu Weiming     Zhejiang New Century Futures Co., Ltd.        Chairman                   March 2023       To date
                Zhu Weiming     Zhejiang Seaport Asset Finance Investment     Director                   July 2016        May 2023
                                  Management Co., Ltd.
                Zhu Weiming     Zhejiang Seaport Commodity Trading Center     Director                   November 2022    To date
                                  Co., Ltd.
                Wang Wei        Zhejiang University                           Professor                  August 1990      To date
                Wang Wei        Financial Institute of Zhejiang Province      Dean                       September 2017   To date
                Wang Wei        Zhejiang Financial Association                Executive Vice President   June 2013        To date
                Wang Wei        Betta Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                Independent Director       November 2019    To date
                Wang Wei        Sunwave Communications Co., Ltd.              Independent Director       January 2020     To date
                Wang Wei        Zhejiang E-Commerce Bank Co., Ltd.            Independent Director       April 2019       To date
                Wang Wei        Wanxiang Trust Co., Ltd.                      Independent Director       April 2017       To date
                Wang Wei        ZhongWang Fabric Co., Ltd.                    Independent Director       November 2021    November 2023
                Xu Yongbin      Accounting Society of China                   Member                     May 1999         December 2023
                Xu Yongbin      Zhejiang Association of CFO                   Vice Chairman              May 2019         To date
                Xu Yongbin      China Business Accounting Institute           Executive member           July 2014        To date
                Xu Yongbin      Zheshang Development Group Co., Ltd.          Independent Director       August 2019      To date
                Xu Yongbin      Zhejiang Yongtai Technology Co., Ltd.         Independent Director       July 2019        November 2023
                Xu Yongbin      Hangzhou Steam Turbine Power Group Co.,       Independent Director       August 2022      To date
                                  Ltd.
                                                                                                               Annual Report 2023   129




             Information on Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management,
                                            Employees and Institutions

                                                                Position in other             Date of           Date of
Name             Name of other companies                        companies                     appointment       termination

Xu Yongbin       Hangzhou United Rural Commercial Bank Co.,     Independent Director          October 2018      To date
                   Ltd.
Fu Tingmei       Postal Savings Bank of China Co., Ltd.         Independent Director          August 2016       March 2023
Fu Tingmei       Guotai Junan International Holdings Limited    Independent Director          June 2010         To date
Fu Tingmei       COFCO Joycome Foods Limited                    Independent Director          May 2016          To date
Fu Tingmei       China Resources Pharmaceutical Group           Independent Director          June 2016         To date
                   Limited
Fu Tingmei       China Resources Medical Holdings Company       Independent Director          February 2023     To date
                   Limited
Zheng Jindu      Zhejiang L&H Law Firm                          Director and partner          December 1998     To date
Zheng Jindu      Bank of Hangzhou Co., Ltd.                     External Supervisor           July 2023         To date
Zheng Jindu      Hangzhou United Rural Commercial Bank Co.,     Independent Director          October 2018      To date
                   Ltd.
Zheng Jindu      Sanmen Chamber of Commerce in Hangzhou         Chairman                      March 2014        To date
Zheng Jindu      Zhejiang Lawyers Association                   Chairman of tenth council     June 2019         June 2023
Zheng Jindu      Zhejiang Law Society                           Vice Chairman of eighth       December 2020     To date
                                                                  council
Zheng Jindu      All China Lawyers Association                  Vice Chairman of tenth        October 2021      To date
                                                                  council
Zheng Jindu      Zhejiang Provincial Committee of the Chinese Member of Twelfth CPPCC         January 2018      January 2023
                   People’s Political Consultative Conference     Committee
Zheng Jindu      Zhejiang Chouzhou Financial Leasing Co., Ltd. Independent Director           October 2023      To date
Chen Zhongwei    Zhejiang Zheyin Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.    Supervisor                    June 2020         To date
Ma Xiaofeng      Shaoxing China Textile City Financial Holdings Manager, executive Director   October 2018      To date
                   Ltd.
Gao Qiang        Hangzhou Jiusheng Private Equity Fund          Chairman                      January 2022      To date
                   Management Co., Ltd.
Gao Qiang        Caitong Securities Co., Ltd.                   Independent Director          November 2020     To date
Song Qinghua     Chongqing Rural Commercial Bank Co., Ltd. Independent Director               September 2017    September 2023
Song Qinghua     Hubei Bank Corporation Limited                 Independent Director          November 2022     To date
Song Qinghua     Ping An Property & Casualty Insurance          Independent Director          September 2023    To date
                   Company of China
Chen Sanlian     Hengyi Petrochemical Co., Ltd.                 Independent Director          August 2017       August 2023
Chen Sanlian     Zhejiang Weixing Intelligent Instrument Co.,   Independent Director          May 2021          To date
                   Ltd.
Chen Sanlian     Zhejiang Jinggong Science & Technology Co., Independent Director             August 2021       To date
                   Ltd.
Chen Sanlian     Wuchan Zhongda Group Co., Ltd.                 Independent Director          May 2022          To date
130   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Information on Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management,
      Employees and Institutions

      5.        Profile of Directors, Supervisors and senior management and information of their
                concurrent post as at the end of the reporting period
                Directors
               Lu Jianqiang (陸建強)
               Mr. Lu Jianqiang is currently the Secretary of the Party Committee, and Chairman of the Board of
               Directors of the Company. He holds a master of philosophy, and is a chief senior economist. Mr. Lu has
               previously served as the deputy Director of Zhejiang Enterprise Records Management Center, the deputy
               Director of the office of Zhejiang Provincial Administration for Industry and Commerce, the Director
               of the business information management office of Zhejiang Provincial Administration for Industry and
               Commerce, the Director of the office of Zhejiang Provincial Administration for Industry and Commerce,
               a member of the Party Committee and the Director of the office of Zhejiang Provincial Administration for
               Industry and Commerce, the deputy Director of the general office and a member of the Party Committee
               of Zhejiang Provincial Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference, the deputy
               Director of the general office and a member of the Party Committee of Zhejiang Provincial Government,
               a deputy secretary general and a member of the Party Committee of general office of Zhejiang Provincial
               Government, the secretary of the Party Committee and the Chairman of the Board of Caitong Securities
               Co., Ltd.. Currently, he also serves as the Chairman of the first council of Zhejiang Mergers and
               Acquisitions Association (浙江省併購聯合會), and Vice Chairman of the second council of Zhejiang
               Chamber of Commerce (浙商總會).

               Zhang Rongsen (張榮森)
               Mr. Zhang Rongsen is currently the deputy secretary of the Party Committee, executive Director and
               President of the Company. He holds a Doctoral degree and is a chief senior economist. Mr. Zhang
               served as President of Hangtianqiao Sub-branch, Beijing Branch, China Guangfa Bank, member of the
               Party Committee and assistant to President of Beijing Branch, China Guangfa Bank; Director of the
               preparations, secretary of the Party Committee and President of Beijing Branch, Bank of Jiangsu, and
               member of the Party Committee, Vice President and executive Director of Bank of Jiangsu; member of
               the Party Committee and Vice President of the Bank, and secretary of the Party Committee and President
               of Beijing Branch of the Bank.

               Ma Hong (馬紅)
               Ms. Ma Hong is currently the deputy secretary of the Party Committee, executive Director and Director of
               the Labor Union of the Company. She holds a postgraduate degree and is a senior economist. Ms. Ma
               Hong was deputy chief of the hygiene section of the logistics department of the Qingdao Garrison (青島
               警備區); deputy Director and Director of the hygiene section of the logistics department of Zhejiang Army
               Reserve Infantry Division (浙江陸軍預備役步兵師), associate consultant of the General Office of Cadres of
               the Organization Department of the Zhejiang Provincial Committee (浙江省委組織部幹部綜合處); associate
               consultant, deputy division chief, consultant and division chief of the Civil Servant Management Office of
               the Organization Department of the Zhejiang Provincial Committee (浙江省委組織部公務員管理處); and
               division chief and primary consultant of the First-division of Civil Servant of the Organization Department
               of the Zhejiang Provincial Committee (浙江省委組織部公務員一處).
                                                                                        Annual Report 2023   131




        Information on Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management,
                                       Employees and Institutions

Chen Haiqiang (陳海強)
Mr. Chen Haiqiang is currently a member of the Party Committee, executive Director, and Vice President
of the Company. He holds a master degree and is a chief senior economist, with a university degree. Mr.
Chen worked as deputy principal staff member at Zhejiang Branch, China Development Bank; deputy
Director (in charge of work) of Ningbo Beilun Banking Office, President of Ningbo Beilun Branch, member
of the Party Committee, assistant to President, and Vice President of Ningbo Branch, China Merchants
Bank; secretary of the Party Committee and President of Ningbo Branch, China Zheshang Bank, the
assistant to President of China Zheshang Bank, and secretary of the Party Committee and President of
Hangzhou Branch of China Zheshang Bank, and CRO of China Zheshang Bank.

Hou Xingchuan (侯興釧)
Mr. Hou Xingchuan is currently a Non-executive Director of the Company. He holds a postgraduate
degree and is an economist. Mr. Hou used to serve as a cadre of the Information Center (信息中心),
associate chief officer of the Planning and Finance Division (計劃財務處) and chief officer of the Planning
and Finance Division of Zhejiang Provincial Tax Service (浙江省地方稅務局), the deputy Director general
(temporary position) of Jinhua Municipal Taxation Bureau, Jiangbei Branch (金華市地方稅務局江北分
局); chief officer of the Office (辦公室), deputy Director general of the Planning and Finance Division and
deputy Director of the Office of Zhejiang Provincial Tax Service; member of the Party Committee and
Deputy General Manager (temporary position) of Zhejiang Development Asset Operations Co., Ltd. (浙江
省發展資產經營有限公司); Level 6 management post of Zhejiang Financial Development Co., Ltd. (浙江
省財務開發公司) and General Manager of the Strategic Development (戰略發展部) of Zhejiang Provincial
Financial Holdings Co., Ltd.. He is currently a member of the Party Committee and Deputy General
Manager of Zhejiang Provincial Financial Holdings Co., Ltd.

Ren Zhixiang (任志祥)
Mr. Ren Zhixiang is currently a Non-executive Director of the Company. He holds a Doctoral degree
and is a chief senior economist. Mr. Ren worked as the Deputy General Manager of Investment Banking
Department of Zhejiang International Trust and Investment Co., Ltd. (浙江省國際信託投資有限責任公
司), senior Director of Asset Management Department and chief economist, deputy Director and Director
of Strategic Management and Legal Department of Zhejiang Provincial Energy Group Co., Ltd. (浙江
省能源集團有限公司). He currently serves as director, General Manager and deputy secretary of the
Party Committee of Zhejiang Energy Capital Holdings Co., Ltd. (浙能資本控股有限公司), a Director of
Orient Securities Co., Ltd., a Director of Zhejiang Fuzhe Investment Co., Ltd., and the Vice Chairman of
Zheshang Property and Casualty Insurance Company Limited.

Gao Qinhong (高勤紅)
Ms. Gao Qinhong is currently a Non-executive Director of the Company. She holds a postgraduate
degree and is a senior economist. Ms. Gao worked as accountant and credit manager of Xiaoshan
Branch of Industrial and Commercial Bank of China. She also served as accountant and credit manager
of Zhejiang Provincial Branch of Industrial and Commercial Bank of China; section chief of credit and
loan section and division-level inspector of Hangzhou Branch and Vice President of Wulin Sub-branch,
Shanghai Pudong Development Bank Co., Ltd.; vice General Manager and chief financial officer and
Director of Zhejiang Hengyi Group Co., Ltd. and Director of Hengyi Petrochemical Co., Ltd. (恒逸石化股
份有限公司). She currently serves as chief financial advisor of Zhejiang Hengyi Group Co., Ltd..
132   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Information on Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management,
      Employees and Institutions

               Hu Tiangao (胡天高)
               Mr. Hu Tiangao is currently a Non-executive Director of the Company. He holds an EMBA degree and
               is a senior economist. Mr. Hu served as Vice President of Dongyang Sub-branch, Bank of China. He is
               currently a Director and senior Vice President of Hengdian Group Holdings Limited; Director of Hengdian
               Group DMEGC Magnetics Co., Ltd. (橫店集團東磁股份有限公司); Director of Apeloa Pharmaceutical
               Co., Ltd. (普洛藥業股份有限公司); Director of Innuovo Technology Co., Ltd. (英洛華科技股份有限公
               司); Director of Hengdian Group Tospo Lighting Co., Ltd. (橫店集團得邦照明股份有限公司); Director of
               Hengdian Entertainment Co., Ltd. (橫店影視股份有限公司) and Director of Nanhua Futures Co., Ltd. (南
               華期貨股份有限公司).

               Zhu Weiming (朱瑋明)
               Mr. Zhu Weiming is currently a Non-executive Director of the Company. He holds a postgraduate
               degree. Mr. Zhu successively held the positions of vice Director and Director of the General Manager
               service department at Jiaxing Power Generation Co., Ltd.; vice general manger and Secretary to the
               Board for Zhejiang Southeast Electric Power Company Limited; vice General Manager at Zhoushan
               Marine Comprehensive Development and Investment Co., Ltd.; vice Director of the investment and
               development department at Zhejiang Marine Development & Investment Group Co., Ltd.; vice Director
               of the investment and development department, vice Director and Director of the finance and asset
               management department as well as Director of Financial Affairs Department at Zhejiang Provincial
               Seaport Investment & Operation Group Co., Ltd.. He is currently the Chairman of Zhejiang Seaport Asset
               Management Co., Limited (浙江海港資產管理有限公司), the Chairman of Zhejiang New Century Futures
               Co., Ltd. and a Director of Zhejiang Seaport Commodity Trading Center Co., Ltd.

               Zhou Zhifang (周志方)
               Mr. Zhou Zhifang is currently an Independent Non-executive Director of the Company. He is a senior
               economist, with an undergraduate degree. Mr. Zhou held the posts of deputy chief at People’s Bank of
               China, Jiangshan Sub-branch; deputy chief at Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, Jiangshan Sub-
               branch; Director at the business department and the savings department, Vice President, member of
               the Party Committee, leader of the discipline inspection team, deputy secretary of the Party Committee,
               Vice President (in charge), secretary of the Party Committee and President of Industrial and Commercial
               Bank of China, Quzhou Branch; Vice President and member of the Party Committee of Industrial and
               Commercial Bank of China, Jiangxi Branch; Vice President, member of the Party Committee, and General
               Manager and secretary of the Party Committee of the business department of Guangdong Branch of
               Industrial and Commercial Bank of China; President and secretary of the Party Committee of Ningbo
               Branch of Industrial and Commercial Bank of China; Director of Shanghai Branch of the Internal Audit
               Bureau of Industrial and Commercial Bank of China; and senior expert (at President level) of Zhejiang
               Branch of Industrial and Commercial Bank of China of during which he acted as leader of the third
               inspection team in the head office of Industrial and Commercial Bank of China.

               Wang Guocai (王國才)
               Mr. Wang Guocai is currently an Independent Non-executive Director of the Company. He is a senior
               economist, with an undergraduate degree. Mr. Wang held the posts of Vice President and President of
               Yuhuan Sub-branch of Industrial and Commercial Bank of China; President of Wenling Sub-branch of
               Industrial and Commercial Bank of China; Vice President and President of Taizhou Branch of Industrial
               and Commercial Bank of China; and expert of Zhejiang Provincial Branch of Industrial and Commercial
               Bank of China.
                                                                                             Annual Report 2023   133




        Information on Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management,
                                       Employees and Institutions

Wang Wei (汪煒)
Mr. Wang Wei is currently an Independent Non-executive Director of the Company. He holds a
doctoral degree and is a professor and doctoral supervisor. Mr. Wang has been teaching at School of
Economics, Zhejiang University, being a lecturer, associate professor, professor successively. He served
as the deputy dean and deputy Director of the Academic Committee of School of Economics, Zhejiang
University and the executive dean of Institute of Finance, Zhejiang University. He currently serves as a
professor of School of Economics, Zhejiang University; the chief expert of Institute of Finance, Zhejiang
University; the executive Vice President of Zhejiang Financial Association (浙江省金融業發展促進會);
the Dean of Financial Institute of Zhejiang Province (浙江省金融研究院); and an Independent Director of
Zhejiang E-Commerce Bank Co., Ltd. (浙江網商銀行股份有限公司), Betta Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (貝
達藥業股份有限公司), Sunwave Communications Co., Ltd. (三維通信股份有限公司) and Wanxiang Trust
Co., Ltd. (萬向信託股份公司).

Xu Yongbin (許永斌)
Mr. Xu Yongbin is currently an Independent Non-executive Director of the Company. He holds a doctor’s
degree and is a Level-2 professor and doctoral instructor. Mr. Xu has been teaching at the Zhejiang
Gongshang University (浙江工商大學), and served as a lecturer, associate professor, professor and
deputy dean of the Accounting Department of Hangzhou Business College (杭州商學院) successively.
He served as a professor and dean of the Accounting College of Zhejiang Gongshang University. He also
served as the Vice President of the Accounting Society of Zhejiang Province (浙江省會計學會) and the
Vice President of the Auditing Society of Zhejiang Province (浙江省審計學會). He is currently the Vice
President of Zhejiang Association of CFO (浙江省總會計師協會), a standing member of China Business
Accounting Institute (中國商業會計學會), as well as an independent Director of Zheshang Development
Group Co., Ltd. (浙商中拓集團股份有限公司), Hangzhou United Rural Commercial Bank Co., Ltd. (杭州聯
合農村商業銀行股份有限公司) and Hangzhou Steam Turbine Power Group Co., Ltd. (杭州汽輪動力集團有
限公司).

Fu Tingmei (傅廷美)
Mr. Fu Tingmei is currently an Independent Non-executive Director of the Company. He holds a doctor’s
degree. Mr. Fu has previously served as the Vice President and deputy managing Director of Peregrine
Capital (China) Limited, Hong Kong Branch, a Director of Peregrine Capital Limited as well as the deputy
managing Director and the managing Director of BNP Paribas Peregrine Capital Limited, Hong Kong
Branch. Mr. Fu currently serves as an Independent Director of Guotai Junan International Holdings
Limited, COFCO Joycome Foods Limited, China Resources Pharmaceutical Group Limited and China
Resources Medical Holdings Company Limited.

Supervisors
Guo Dingfang (郭定方)
Mr. Guo Dingfang is currently an employee Supervisor of the Company. He holds a master’s degree and
the title of senior accountant. He is currently a member of the Party Committee and the Chairman of the
supervisory committee of the Bank. Mr. Guo previously served as an officer at vice-Director level and an
officer at Director level of the infrastructure division, an officer at Director level and the deputy division
chief of the economic construction division (during which he served as a member of the Party Committee
and deputy Director of the Finance Bureau of Xihu District, Hangzhou under temporary assignment), the
Director of the Government Procurement Supervision Division (政府採購監管處), and the Director of the
Budget Enforcement Bureau (預算執行局).
134   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Information on Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management,
      Employees and Institutions

               Wu Fanghua (吳方華)
               Mr. Wu Fanghua serves as an employee supervisor of the Company. Mr. Wu holds a master’s degree
               and is a senior economist. Mr. Wu is currently the executive office Director of the supervisory committee
               of the Bank. Mr. Wu has previously served as a loan officer of Industrial and Commercial Bank of China,
               Shaoxing Branch, the deputy manager of the personnel and administration department, the manager of
               the business department and the manager of the marketing department of Shaoxing Central Sub-branch,
               a General Manager assistant of Huzhou Central Sub-branch, the Deputy General Manager of Xiaoshan
               Sub-branch, the General Manager of Huzhou Central Sub-branch, the General Manager of Shaoxing
               Central Sub-branch and the Deputy General Manager of Zhejiang Branch of Ping An Property & Casualty
               Insurance Company of China. as well as the Deputy General Manager of Ping An Annuity Insurance
               Company of China, Ltd., Zhejiang Branch. Mr. Wu successively served as the Deputy General Manager
               of the Asset Management Department, the Deputy General Manager (headquarters) of the Interbank
               Business Department, the General Manager of the Interbank Business Department, the Deputy General
               Manager of the Financial Institutions Department (in charge of work) and the General Manager of the
               Interbank Business Department of China Zheshang Bank, and the secretary of the Party Committee and
               the President of Lanzhou Branch of China Zheshang Bank.

                Peng Zhiyuan (彭志遠)
                Mr. Peng Zhiyuan is currently an employee Supervisor of the Company. He holds a master’s degree.
                He is currently the General Manager of the Bank’s planning and finance department and the asset and
                liability management department. He once served as an accountant of the fund organization department
                of the business department of Yingtan Branch, a clerk and deputy chief clerk of the financial accounting
                department, the chief of the financial infrastructure section of Jiangxi Branch, a member of the Party
                Committee and Vice President of Ganzhou Branch, the Deputy General Manager (in charge of work) and
                General Manager of the financial accounting department of Jiangxi Branch, the secretary of the Party
                Committee and President of Ganzhou Branch, a member of Party committee and Vice President of Dalian
                Branch of the Agricultural Bank of China. He successively served as the General Manager of Nanchang
                business department, the secretary of Party committee and President of Nanchang Branch of CZBank.

               Chen Zhongwei (陳忠偉)
               Mr. Chen Zhongwei is currently an employee Supervisor of the Company. He holds an undergraduate
               degree and is an economist. Mr. Chen is currently a member of the Party Committee and Deputy
               Secretary of Hangzhou Branch of the Bank, and supervisor of Zhejiang Zheyin Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.
               (浙江浙銀金融租賃股份有限公司). Mr. Chen used to work as chief of the business and system sections
               at the credit division at Zhejiang Branch of Industrial and Commercial Bank of China; General Manager
               of the risk management department and the corporate department at Hangzhou Branch, risk Director
               (assistant to President) and member of the Party Committee at Shanghai Branch, as well as risk Director
               (Vice President) and member of the Party Committee at Suzhou Branch of China Everbright Bank. He
               also served as Deputy General Manager of the credit review department (in charge of work) and General
               Manager of Internal Control and Compliance and Legal Affairs Department of China Zheshang Bank.
                                                                                         Annual Report 2023   135




        Information on Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management,
                                       Employees and Institutions

Ma Xiaofeng (馬曉峰)
Mr. Ma is a shareholder supervisor of the Company. He holds master degree and is an economist.
He currently a member of the Party Committee, Deputy General Manager and Secretary to the Board
of Directors of Zhejiang China Textile City Group Co., Ltd. and manager and executive Director of
Shaoxing China Textile City Financial Holdings. He was the business manager of Shaoxing Branch of
PICC Property and Casualty Company Limited; project research assistant of the investment management
department, an assistant to the manager of the corporate management department, a deputy manager
of the corporate management department (in charge of work), a Deputy General Manager of the Beilian
market branch (temporary position), an employee supervisor, a manager of the investment securities
department and a representative of securities affairs of Zhejiang China Textile City Group Co. Ltd.;
Manager and executive Director of China Textile City Financial Holdings, member of the Party Committee,
Deputy General Manager and Secretary to the Board of Directors of Zhejiang China Textile City Group
Co. Ltd.

Gao Qiang (高強)
Mr. Gao Qiang is an external Supervisor of the Company. He holds a postgraduate degree and is a
senior economist. He currently serves as the Chairman of Hangzhou Jiusheng Private Equity Fund
Management Co., Ltd. and an Independent Director of Caitong Securities Co., Ltd. (財通證券股份有限公
司). He has previously held various posts in China Construction Bank Corporation, including the Deputy
General Manager of the operation department of Zhejiang Branch, the President and the secretary
of the Party Committee of Hangzhou Zhijiang Sub-branch, the assistant to the General Manager, the
Deputy General Manager and a member of the Party Committee of the operation department of Zhejiang
Branch, the General Manager of the Hangzhou corporate client department and concurrently the General
Manager of the operation department of Zhejiang Branch, the General Manager of the corporate business
management department and concurrently the General Manager of the operation department of Zhejiang
Branch, the General Manager of the corporate business department; the risk Director, the deputy
President and a member of the Party Committee of Anhui Branch; the President and the secretary of the
Party Committee of Shanxi Branch; the President and the secretary of the Party Committee of Zhejiang
Branch; and he also served as the Chairman of Yijia Life and Health Management (Zhejiang) Co., Ltd.

Zhang Fanquan (張范全)
Mr. Zhang Fanquan is an external Supervisor of the Company. He holds a master’s degree and the title
of senior accountant. Mr. Zhang previously served as the deputy Director of the credit card department,
the vice division chief of the funds raising division and deposit division and the Deputy General Manager
of the market development department of Hangzhou Branch of Agricultural Bank of China; the division
chief of the finance division of Hangzhou office and a Party member, Deputy General Manager, secretary
of the commission of discipline inspection of Shenzhen office of China Great Wall Asset Management
Corporation; the Director and Deputy General Manager of Shenzhen Great Wall Guosheng Investment
Holding Co., Ltd. (深圳長城國盛投資控股有限公司); the secretary of Party Committee and General
Manager of Hangzhou office, and the secretary of Party Committee and General Manager of Zhejiang
Branch (formerly Hangzhou office) of China Great Wall Asset Management Corporation; the chief
operation officer of China Great Wall Asset Management Co., Ltd.; the secretary of Party Committee and
Chairman of Great Wall Guofu Real Estate Co., Ltd. (長城國富置業有限公司).
136   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Information on Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management,
      Employees and Institutions

               Song Qinghua (宋清華)
               Mr. Song Qinghua is an external Supervisor of the Company. He is currently a doctor, professor and
               an expert receiving Special Government Allowances from the State Council. He is currently a professor
               and doctoral advisor of the School of Finance of Zhongnan University of Economics and Law and serves
               as a committee member of China Society for Finance and Banking and a committee member of the
               Finance Professional Education Steering Committee of Higher College of the Ministry of Education; an
               Independent Director of Hubei Bank Corporation Limited and Ping An Property & Casualty Insurance
               Company of China. Mr. Song was successively a visiting scholar at Saint Mary’s University in Canada,
               University of Rhode Island in the United States, and University of Cincinnati in the United States. He
               served as the President of the School of Finance of Zhongnan University of Economics and Law.

               Chen Sanlian (陳三聯)
               Mr. Chen Sanlian is an external Supervisor of the Company. He holds a postgraduate degree. He is
               currently a Vice Chairman of Zhejiang Lawyers Association, an arbitrator of China International Economic
               and Trade Arbitration Commission, a standing committee member of Zhejiang Chinese People’s Political
               Consultative Conference, an expert committee member of the Judge and Prosecutor Selection and
               Disciplinary Committee of Zhejiang Province, etc.; and also an Independent Director of Zhejiang Weixing
               Intelligent Instrument Co., Ltd., Zhejiang Jinggong Science & Technology Co., Ltd. and Wuchan Zhongda
               Group Co., Ltd. Mr. Chen served as a cadre of the lawyer administration division of the Ministry of
               Justice of Zhejiang Province; an associate editor-in-chief of Lawyer and Legality (
                                                                                                《律師與法制》); and the
               general secretary of Zhejiang Lawyers Association.

                Senior Management
               Zhang Rongsen (張榮森)
               Please refer to Mr. Zhang Rongsen’s profile in the “Directors” section above.

               Chen Haiqiang (陳海強)
               Please refer to Mr. Chen Haiqiang’s profile in the “Directors” section above.

               Jing Feng (景峰)
               Mr. Jing Feng is currently a Party Committee member and Vice President of the Company, and Secretary
               of the Party Committee and President of Hangzhou Branch. He is a certified public accountant in the
               US, with a postgraduate degree. Mr. Jing worked as the Deputy General Manager and General Manager
               of planning and finance department of Suzhou Branch, China Minsheng Bank, finance specialist of
               corporate financial business department of China Minsheng Bank; Deputy General Manager of Jiangsu
               business department of China Zheshang Bank, member of the Party Committee and Vice President
               of Nanjing Branch, China Zheshang Bank; Deputy General Manager (in charge of work) and General
               Manager of finance and accounting department, and also General Manager of finance and accounting
               department and General Manager of asset and liability management department, General Manager of the
               planning & finance department (asset and liability management department) of China Zheshang Bank, as
               well as a Party Committee member, Vice President and CFO of the Bank.
                                                                                       Annual Report 2023   137




        Information on Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management,
                                       Employees and Institutions

Luo Feng (駱峰)
Mr. Luo Feng is currently a Party Committee member and the Vice President of the Company. He
holds a doctoral degree. Mr. Luo worked as manager assistant of financial market research center of
treasury department, manager assistant of business management center, deputy manager and manager
of business management center (research center) of treasury department, risk monitoring officer and
General Manager assistant of treasury department, manager of risk management center, Deputy General
Manager and Deputy General Manager (in charge of work) of treasury department of China Zheshang
Bank, General Manager of Financial Market Department of China Zheshang Bank, as well as assistant to
President and Vice President of the Bank.

Lin Jingran (林靜然)
Mr. Lin is the Vice President of the Company and Secretary of the Party Committee and President of
Shanghai Branch. He holds a master’s degree and is a chief senior economist. Mr. Lin was the deputy
Director of Huayuan Road Branch, Director of Zhongnan Branch, Director of Zhujiang Road Branch,
President of Xuanwu Sub-branch, Vice President of Xingang Sub-branch (in charge of work) of Bank of
China Nanjing Branch; Deputy General Manager of the Company II Department (in charge of work) of
Minsheng Bank of China Nanjing Branch, Director of Jiangning Sub-branch, deputy Director of marketing
of the Mechanical and Electrical Finance Department of East China Region (Nanjing) (in charge of work),
Director of the Mechanical and Electrical Finance Department of Nanjing Branch, Head of the Preparatory
Group and President of Wuxi Sub-branch, Member of the Party Committee of Nanjing Branch, Deputy
Secretary of the Party Committee and Vice President of Kunming Branch (in charge of work), Secretary of
the Party Committee and President of Suzhou Branch, Secretary of the Party Committee and President
of Nanjing Branch; Deputy Secretary of the Party Committee, Director and President of Bank of Nanjing;
Deputy Chairman of the Board of Directors and Member of the Party Committee of Nanjing Southeast
State-owned Assets Investment Group Co., Ltd.

Zhou Weixin (周偉新)
Mr. Zhou is the President Assistant of the Company. He is an economist and senior certified credit
analyst, with an undergraduate degree. Mr. Zhou has previously served as the Vice President (in charge
of work) and President of Lin’an Sub-branch of Bank of China, the President of Gaoxin Sub-branch,
Hangzhou of Bank of China, the Director of Hangzhou corporate business center under the corporate
business department of Zhejiang Branch of Bank of China, the President of Qingchun Sub-branch,
Hangzhou of Bank of China, the secretary of the Party Committee and the President of Zhoushan Branch
of Bank of China, the General Manager and executive office Director of the risk management department
and the General Manager of the personal banking department of Zhejiang Branch of Bank of China, as
well as a member of the Party Committee and the Vice President of Anhui Branch of Bank of China,
during which period he served as a CPC party member and vice mayor of Bengbu City from November
2019 to December 2021 under temporary assignment; President of Zhejiang Business Headquarter of the
Bank, the President Assistant and President of Zhejiang Business Headquarter of China Zheshang Bank.
138   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Information on Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management,
      Employees and Institutions

      6.        Profile of new or proposed Directors, Supervisors and senior management and
                information of their concurrent post as of the date of this report
               Ying Yuxiang (應宇翔)
               Mr. Ying is a proposed Non-executive Director, an economist with a master’s degree. Mr. Ying served
               as an officer of the internet finance department and the retail finance department of the head office,
               a deputy manager of the retail finance department of Huangpu Sub-branch, an account manager and
               a deputy manager of the business hall of the business department of the head office, and a deputy
               manager and a manager of the financial division II of Changning Sub-branch of the Shanghai Rural
               Commercial Bank (上海農商銀行). He served as an assistant General Manager and a Deputy General
               Manager of the equity investment division of Taiping Asset Management Company Limited (太平資產管
               理有限公司). He is currently the Deputy General Manager (in charge of work) of the equity investment
               division of Taiping Asset Management Company Limited (太平資產管理有限公司), a non-executive
               director of Inner Mongolia Dian Tou Energy Corp Ltd (內蒙古電投能源股份有限公司).

               Wu Zhijun (吳志軍)
               Mr. Wu is a Non-executive Director subject to election at the general meeting. He holds a doctorate
               degree and is an economist. Mr. Wu served as a senior staff member of the business department of
               the Hubei Branch of China Construction Bank; the deputy Director and then Director of the statutory
               business department of China Reinsurance Corporation; the Deputy General Manager of the Wuhan
               Branch of China Continent Property & Casualty Insurance Company Ltd.; the General Manager of the
               Shenzhen Branch of China Continent Property & Casualty Insurance Company Ltd.; Deputy General
               Manager of Corporate Business Department and Investment Banking Department of Agricultural Bank
               of China; Deputy General Manager of ABC Life Insurance Co., Ltd.; chief operating officer, executive
               President, compliance officer and financial officer of Minsheng Life Insurance Company Ltd. He currently
               serves as a Director, General Manager, compliance officer and chief risk officer of Minsheng Life
               Insurance Company Ltd.; and also serves as the Chairman of the Supervisory Committee of Minsheng
               Tonghui Asset Management Co., Ltd., the Chairman of the Board of Tonghui Kangyanglv Company, a
               Director of Allinpay Network Services Co., Ltd. and a supervisor of Shanghai Pu-Xing Energy Limited.

               Lou Weizhong (樓偉中)
               Mr. Lou is a proposed independent Non-executive Director of the Company. He holds a master degree
               and is a chief senior economist. Mr. Lou once served as the Deputy Director of the Industrial Statistics
               Department of the Xiaoshan Municipal Bureau of Statistics; Chief of the Comprehensive Department of
               the Office of the People’s Government of Xiaoshan City; Deputy Secretary of the Party Group (in charge
               of work) and President of the Xiaoshan Sub-branch of CITIC Industrial Bank Hangzhou Branch; Member
               of the Party Committee and the President Assistant of CITIC Industrial Bank Hangzhou Branch, as
               well as the President of Xiaoshan Branch; Member of the Party Committee, Secretary of the Discipline
               Inspection Commission, and Vice President of CITIC Industrial Bank Hangzhou Branch (studied Political
               Economy at the Zhejiang Provincial Party School from September 2002 to July 2005); Member of the
               Party Committee, Vice President, and Risk Director of CITIC Bank Hangzhou Branch; Deputy Secretary
               of the Party Committee, Executive Vice President, and Risk Director of CITIC Bank Hangzhou Branch;
               Deputy Secretary and Vice President of the Party Committee of CITIC Bank Ningbo Branch (in charge of
               work); Secretary of the Party Committee and President of China CITIC Bank Ningbo Branch; Secretary of
               the Party Committee and President of CITIC Bank Hangzhou Branch.
                                                                                        Annual Report 2023   139




        Information on Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management,
                                       Employees and Institutions

Shi Hao (施浩)
Mr. Shi is an independent Non-executive Director of the Company subject to election at general meeting.
He holds a postgraduate degree. Mr. Shi was the Head of SWIFT (International Settlement Network)
Team of Bank of China; Director of IBM Consulting Team of Bank of Montreal; Management Consultant
of Wachovia; Operation Director of retail banking product of Minsheng Bank; Managing Director of
Barclays Capital (Hong Kong); Independent Director of Guodian Nanjing Automation Co., Ltd.; Deputy
General Manager of Investment Banking Department and Chief Representative of Canada Representative
Office of Agricultural Bank of China; Managing Director and General Manager of China of Moody’s
Investors Service, Inc. (China).

Luo Feng (駱峰)
Mr. Luo Feng is currently a member of the CPC committee, Vice President and proposed secretary to the
Board of the Company. Please refer to Mr. Luo Feng’s profile in the “Senior Management” section above.

Pan Huafeng (潘華楓)
Mr. Pan is the President Assistant and Chief Risk Officer of the Company. He holds undergraduate
degree and is an economist. Mr. Pan once served as the Deputy Director of the Credit Management
Department and the Risk Management Department of Bank of China Ningbo Branch, the Deputy
President of Bank of China Yinzhou Branch, and the Deputy Director (in charge of work) and Director of
the Risk Management Department of Bank of China Ningbo Branch; Member of the Party Committee,
Deputy Secretary of the Discipline Inspection Commission, Risk Monitoring Officer, the President
Assistant, Vice President, Secretary of the Discipline Inspection Commission, Party Committee Secretary,
and President of Zheshang Bank Ningbo Branch, General Manager of the Risk Management Department
and Director of the New Asset Management Office of Zheshang Bank, and General Manager of the Risk
Management Department.

Wang Chaoming (王超明)
Mr. Wang is the proposed the President Assistant and Chief Information Officer of the Company. He
holds a master degree. Mr. Wang was the deputy head of the software section of the technology
department of ICBC Hangzhou Branch, the deputy head of the technology department, the deputy head
of the technology security department, the deputy chief engineer of the computer center (technology
security department) of ICBC Zhejiang Branch, the deputy chief engineer of the computer center
(information technology department), the Deputy General Manager (in charge of work) and the General
Manager, the head of the computer system department of ICBC (Asia) Limited, the assistant to the
General Manager, the chief information officer and the Deputy General Manager of ICBC (Asia) Limited.

Hou Bo (侯波)
Mr. Hou is the proposed the President Assistant of the Company, and General Manager of the Credit
Assessment Department. He holds a graduate degree with a master degree in Economics. Mr. Hou once
served as the Deputy General Manager of the Risk Management Department and the General Manager
of the Credit Assessment Department of the Shaoxing Branch of Zheshang Bank, a member of the
Party Committee, Secretary of the Discipline Inspection Commission, Risk Monitoring Officer, and the
President Assistant of the Xi’an Branch of Zheshang Bank, a member of the Party Committee, Secretary
of the Discipline Inspection Commission, Risk Monitoring Officer, the President Assistant, and Deputy
President of the Beijing Branch of Zheshang Bank. He also served as the Deputy Leader of the Discipline
Inspection and Supervision Group of the Zhejiang Provincial Commission for Discipline Inspection and
Supervision stationed at Zheshang Bank.
140   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Information on Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management,
      Employees and Institutions

      7.        Remuneration policies for Directors, Supervisors and senior management
                The remuneration of the Directors of the Company is determined and paid in accordance with the
                relevant laws and regulations as well as the relevant provisions of the Articles of Association. The specific
                remuneration distribution plans should be reviewed by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee
                under the Board of Directors and submitted to the Board of Directors for approval, and submitted to the
                general meeting for approval after being approved by the Board of Directors.

                The remuneration of the Supervisors of the Company is determined and paid in accordance with the
                relevant laws and regulations as well as the relevant provisions of the Articles of Association. The specific
                remuneration distribution plans should be reviewed by the Nomination Committee under the supervisory
                committee and submitted to the supervisory committee for approval, and submitted to the general
                meeting for approval after being approved by the supervisory committee. Non-full-time shareholder
                supervisors of the Company do not receive remuneration from the Company.

                The Company’s appraisal of the senior management is based on their performance in completing the
                decisions, strategic targets and plans of the Board of Directors and whether they are actively and
                effectively protecting the interests of the Company and the Shareholders, and it is implemented by the
                Board of Directors.

                The incentive and restraint mechanism of the Company is mainly embodied in the distribution mechanism
                for the senior management. The remuneration of the senior management is linked with the appraisal
                indicators of the Board of Directors, in order to combine the target incentive with responsibility restraint,
                ensure the alignment of the remuneration payment with the long-term interests of the Company, and
                better encourage the senior management to contribute to the steady and sustainable development of the
                Company. The evaluation and remuneration payment plan for the senior management shall be reviewed
                by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee under the Board of Directors, and then approved and
                implemented by the Board of Directors annually, and disclosed according to the relevant requirements.
                When the Board of Directors reviews resolutions relating to the remuneration of the senior management,
                all related directors will abstain from voting.

      (II)      Employees and Remuneration Policies
                As of the end of the reporting period, the Group had 22,895 employees (including dispatched employees,
                outsourced personnel and employees of the subsidiary of the Company), representing an increase of
                2,988 as compared with that at the end of last year. Divided by the position types, 10,228 employees of
                the Group were categorized as marketing personnel, 1,766 employees as counter personnel, and 10,901
                employees as mid-office and back-office personnel; divided by the educational levels, 5,613 obtained
                post-graduate degree or above (including 92 with doctorate degree), 16,076 obtained bachelor degree,
                and 1,206 obtained college degree or below. All of our employees participate in basic social pension
                insurance, and as of the end of the reporting period, 287 employees had retired from the Company.

                The Company’s remuneration policy is guided by its growth strategy and the people-oriented concept
                with unified and classified management by adhering to the principle of marketization and in accordance
                with the single-level legal person system. The Company continues to improve the linkage mechanism
                of remuneration level with performance capabilities of individual positions and personal operational
                performance, and strives to set up a remuneration management system that reflects internal fairness and
                external competitiveness, promotes the co-growth of employees and the Company, focuses equally on
                incentives and restraints, gives attention to both position value, contribution and long-term incentives,
                and matches the change in remuneration with the market rate and economic benefits.
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2023   141




               Information on Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management,
                                              Employees and Institutions

      The Company’s remuneration policy coordinates well with the risk management system, and is matched
      with its size as well as the nature and complexity degree of its business. Specifically, the total amount
      of remuneration allocated by the Company to its branches is linked with the realization status of overall
      benefits by such branches and the Company takes into account various kinds of risk factors so that the
      branch outlets would strive for risk-adjusted value creation and that long-term performance would be
      improved. Furthermore, the remuneration paid to employees is linked with the responsibilities and risk
      degree associated with the employee’s post and different kinds of appraisal and performance allocation
      methods are applied to different types of employees, which appropriately tilted to the front-office
      marketing position, and the deferment payment of the performance-based remuneration is implemented
      in accordance with the internal control principles of prudent operations and strengthened constraints
      with the payment time basically in line with the risk persistency period of the corresponding business.
      For employees in the risk and compliance departments, their remuneration is determined by taking
      into account their position value, abilities to perform duties and other factors, and such remuneration
      is not directly related to the matters under their regulation and remains independent of other business
      segments.

(III) Employees Training
      Based on our operation and development strategy, the Company has focused on talents cultivation,
      digitalization transformation, professional improvement, and business foresight. On the basis of
      conducting all-staff training, the Company attaches high importance to the training of key talents, so
      as to comprehensively improve management abilities and professional capabilities of our employees,
      and provide knowledge and talents support for the implementation of our strategy. During the reporting
      period, the Bank held 1,625 training programmes in total with 724,334 attendances.

(IV) Information on Institutions
                                                                                    Number of     Number of    Total assets
      Region              Name of institution       Business address                institution   employees   (RMB million)


      Yangtze River Delta Head office               No. 1, Minxin Road,                      1        4,870        982,269
       Region                                        Shangcheng District,
                                                     Hangzhou, Zhejiang
                          Small Enterprise Credit   No. 76, Huancheng West Road,             1           52              –
                           Center                    Gongshu District, Hangzhou,
                                                     Zhejiang
                          Fund Operation Center     12F, Tower 1, Century                    1           84        692,242
                                                     Metropolis, No. 1229 Century
                                                     Avenue, Pudong New District,
                                                     Shanghai
                          Hangzhou Branch           No. 288, Qingchun Road,                 59        2,947        344,958
                                                     Gongshu District, Hangzhou,
                                                     Zhejiang
                          Shanghai Branch           No. 567, Weihai Road, Jing’an           12          920        151,085
                                                     District, Shanghai
                          Nanjing Branch            No. 9, Zhongshan North Road,            31        1,399        146,917
                                                     Nanjing
142   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Information on Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management,
      Employees and Institutions

                                                                                          Number of     Number of    Total assets
                Region             Name of institution   Business address                 institution   employees   (RMB million)

                                   Ningbo Branch         No. 128, Wenkang Road,                   20          798        100,230
                                                           No. 555, Yangfan Road,
                                                           Gaoxin District, Ningbo
                                   Suzhou Branch         No. 5, Xingdun Lane,                     10          585         73,169
                                                           Industrial Park Zone,
                                                           Suzhou
                                   Hefei Branch          Block A16, Financial Harbour              5          349         34,917
                                                           Center, No. 4872, Huizhou
                                                           Avenue, Binhu New District,
                                                           Hefei
                                   Shaoxing Branch       No. 1418, Jinkeqiao Avenue,               9          498         59,538
                                                           Keqiao District, Shaoxing
                                   Wenzhou Branch        Northwest of Land Plot 17-               13          582         56,736
                                                           05, Binjiang CBD, Lucheng
                                                           District, Wenzhou, Zhejiang
                                   Jinhua Branch         1/F, 2/F, 10/F, Jiafu Business           10          433         37,384
                                                           Building, No. 358, Binhong
                                                           East Road, Jinhua City
                                   Zhoushan Branch       No. 88, Lvdao Road, Qiandao               2          106          8,406
                                                           Streets, Dinghai District,
                                                           Zhoushan, Zhejiang
                Bohai Rim Region   Beijing Branch        Huajia Jinbao Complex,                   23        1,100        213,727
                                                           No. 269, Chaoyangmen
                                                           South Street, Dongcheng
                                                           District, Beijing
                                   Jinan Branch          No. 801, Caoshanling                     20        1,039        102,673
                                                           South Road, Lixia District,
                                                           Jinan, Shandong
                                   Tianjin Branch        Overseas Chinese Building,               12          533         43,802
                                                           Extension No. 1, No. 92,
                                                           Nanjing Road,
                                                           Heping District, Tianjin
                                   Shenyang Branch       No. 467, Shifu Road, Shenhe               7          351         23,332
                                                           District, Shenyang
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2023   143




         Information on Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management,
                                        Employees and Institutions

                                                                           Number of     Number of    Total assets
Region             Name of institution   Business address                  institution   employees   (RMB million)

Pearl River Delta   Guangzhou Branch     No. 921, Guangzhou South                  13          855        106,668
 and Economic                              Avenue, Haizhu District,
 Zone on the                               Guangzhou
 Western Coast of Shenzhen Branch        (1-4/F, 6/F) Lianhezongbu                 15          890         98,488
 the Taiwan Straits                        Building, Hightech District,
                                           Xuefu Road, Nanshan Street,
                                           Nanshan District, Shenzhen
                   Fuzhou Branch         Huawei Building, No. 169,                  1          112         17,213
                                           Binxi Avenue, Nanjiang,
                                           Cangshan District, Fuzhou,
                                           Fujian
Midwestern China   Chengdu Branch        Building 1, Jinjiang Spring,              14          567         54,384
 Region                                    No. 299, Yong’an Road,
                                           Jinjiang District, Chengdu
                   Xi’an Branch          Building 3, Taihua Jinmao                 14          669         63,788
                                           Guoji, No. 16, Fenghui South
                                           Road, Yanta District, Xi’an
                   Chongqing Branch      Block 3, No. 67, Middle Section           10          550         64,091
                                           of Huangshan Avenue,
                                           Yubei District, Chongqing
                   Wuhan Branch          Zheshang Bank Building                     7          420         35,719
                                           (Pacific Finance Plaza),
                                           No. 548, 550, 552, 556,
                                           Jianshe Avenue, Jianghan
                                           District, Wuhan, Hubei
                   Zhengzhou Branch      No. 8 Middle Ring Road,                    8          395         37,990
                                           Finance Island, Zhengzhou
                                           Area (Zhengdong), Henan
                                           Pilot Free Trade Zone,
                                           Zhengzhou, Henan
                   Changsha Branch       Unit 118-129, 1/F, Block 6,                5          310         26,634
                                           Unit 215-219, 2/F, Block
                                           6 and 22-23/F, Block 1,
                                           Huachuang International
                                           Plaza, No. 109 Furong Middle
                                           Road Part 1, Kaifu District,
                                           Changsha, Hunan
                   Nanchang Branch       1-2/F, 14-20/F, Block 35,                  4          227         23,562
                                           Alpha X, No. 1, Xuefu Road,
                                           Honggutan New District,
                                           Nanchang, Jiangxi
144   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Information on Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management,
      Employees and Institutions

                                                                                               Number of     Number of    Total assets
                Region               Name of institution     Business address                  institution   employees   (RMB million)

                                     Lanzhou Branch          No. 1888, Nanchang Road,                   9          367         22,539
                                                              Chengguan District, Lanzhou
                                     Hohhot Branch           No. 8, Chilechuan Street,                  2          204         27,992
                                                              Saihan District, Hohhot
                                     Guiyang Branch          No. 88, Yan’an Road Central,               2          134         12,063
                                                              Yunyan District, Guiyang
                                     Taiyuan Branch          Part of 1/F and 2-7/F, Block               1          112         13,726
                                                              A, No. 163 Jinyang Street,
                                                              Xiaodian District, Taiyuan,
                                                              Shanxi
                                     Nanning Branch          20-21/F, Block A, China                    1          107          7,460
                                                              Resources Building, No. 136-
                                                              1 Minzu Avenue, and No.
                                                              B1028-1031, -1/F, 136-6
                                                              Xingfu Lane, Qingxiu District,
                                                              Nanning, Guangxi Zhuang
                                                              Autonomous Region
                Overseas Institution Hong Kong Branch        15/F, Three Exchange Square,               1           89         42,438
                                                              No. 8 Connaught Place,
                                                              Central, Hong Kong
                Subsidiary           Zheyin Financial        No. 368, Yan’an Road,                      1          241         68,381
                                      Leasing                 Gongshu District, Hangzhou,
                                                              Zhejiang
                Offset balance and intra-group elimination                                              –            –       (650,642)

                Total                                                                                 344       22,895      3,143,879
                                                                                                Annual Report 2023   145




                                                                                      Directors’ Report


(I)    Our Principal Business
       The Company’s principal business is to provide banking and related financial services.

(II)   Business Review
       For the business review of our Company, please refer to the relevant sections, among others, “Description
       of Major Risks and Uncertainties”, “Future Development” are set out in the section headed “Management
       Discussion and Analysis”; “Major Events Occurred after the Reporting Period” is set out in the section
       headed “Significant Events”; “Key Financial Performance Indicators” is set out in the section headed
       “Financial Summary” and financial statements; “Compliance with Relevant Laws and Regulations Which
       Could Materially Affect the Company” is set out in “Compliance with the Laws and Regulations” in this
       section; and “Explanation on Important Relationship between Employees, Customers and Suppliers”
       is set out in “Major Customers” in this section and the section headed “Information on Directors,
       Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees and Institutions”. Please refer to “Performance of Social
       Responsibilities” in this section for the information on “Environmental Policy and Performance”.

(III) Profit and Dividend Distribution
1.     The Company’s profit distribution policy
       According to the Articles of Association, our profit distribution policy is:

(1)    The Company shall distribute profits after income tax in the following order:
       To make up for the losses of previous years;

       To set aside 10% as statutory reserve fund;

       To make provision for general risk reserve;

       To set aside discretionary reserve fund;

       To pay dividends to shareholders.

(2)    The Company may distribute profits in the form of cash, shares or other forms approved by
       competent regulatory authorities.

(3)    After the profit distribution plan is adopted at the general meeting of the Company, the Board shall
       finish distributing profits within two months after the general meeting.
146   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Directors’ Report


      (4)       Cash dividends and other payments made by the Company to the holders of A Shares shall be
                denominated, declared and paid in RMB. Cash dividends and other payments made by the Company
                to the holders of H Shares shall be denominated and declared in RMB and paid in Hong Kong dollars.
                The formulation and implementation of policy on cash dividend are in compliance with the requirements
                of the Articles and Association and the resolutions passed at the general meeting. The standards and
                proportion of dividends declaration are clear and explicit and the procedures and mechanism of decision
                making are well-organized, and have been considered and approved by the Independent Non-executive
                Directors. Minority Shareholders may fully express their opinions and requirements, and their legitimate
                interests have been fully protected.

      2.        Profit distribution proposal for the year
                The results of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2023 are set out in the section headed
                “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statement” in this report.

                The Board of Directors of the Company has recommended to declare a cash dividend for 2023 at
                RMB1.64 (tax inclusive) for every 10 shares, which shall be paid in RMB to the holders of A Shares and
                in Hong Kong dollars to the holders of H Shares. The above dividend distribution proposal is subject to
                consideration and approval at the 2023 annual general meeting of the Company.

                If approved, the final dividend distribution of the Company for 2023 will be denominated and declared
                in RMB and paid in RMB for A Shares and in equivalent Hong Kong dollars for H Shares. The exchange
                rate of Hong Kong dollar against RMB is calculated based on the average central parity rate of RMB to
                Hong Kong dollars as announced by the People’s Bank of China on the website for seven business days
                immediately before the date of the Company’s 2023 annual general meeting.

                The dividend is expected to be paid before July 15, 2024, subject to the approval of the final dividend
                payment arrangement by the Shareholders by way of ordinary resolution. Information regarding the
                record date and book closure date to determine the entitlement to the final dividend and attendance of
                2023 annual general meeting of the Company will be announced in due course.

      3.        Cash dividends for ordinary shares in the past three years

                Item                                                                 2023          2022          2021


                Cash dividend for every 10 shares (tax inclusive, in RMB)            1.64          2.10              –
                Cash dividend (tax inclusive, in RMB million)                       4,504         4,466              –
                Net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Bank
                  (in RMB million)                                                 14,085        11,817              –
                Percentage of cash dividend (%)                                     31.98         37.79              –
                                                                                               Annual Report 2023   147




                                                                                  Directors’ Report


4.    Dividend tax
(1)   Holders of A Shares
      In accordance with the Notice on Relevant Issues Regarding the Implementation of the Policy of
      Differentiated Individual Income Tax for Stock Dividends from Listed Companies issued by the Ministry
      of Finance, State Administration of Taxation and the CSRC (Cai Shui [2012] No. 85) (   《財政部、國家稅
      務總局、證監會關於實施上市公司股息紅利差別化個人所得稅政策有關問題的通知》(財稅[2012]85號)) and
      the Notice on Relevant Issues Regarding the Implementing Differentiated Individual Income Tax Policy for
      Stock Dividends of Listed Companies (Cai Shui [2015] No. 101) (  《關於上市公司股息紅利差別化個人所得
      稅政策有關問題的通知》(財稅[2015]101號)), for the Relevant Individuals who have held the shares, where
      the holding period is less than one month (inclusive), the full amount of dividends shall be counted as
      taxable income; where the holding period is more than one month and less than one year (inclusive), 50%
      of the dividends shall be counted as taxable income and where the holding period is more than one year,
      the dividends is temporarily exempted from individual income tax. The individual income tax rate of 20%
      shall be applicable for all incomes mentioned above. For the dividends obtained from a listed company
      by a securities investment fund, individual income tax is levied in accordance with the requirements
      above.

      According to Article 26.2 of the Enterprise Income Tax Law of the PRC, dividends, bonuses and other
      equity investment proceeds distributed between qualified resident enterprises shall be tax-free.

      According to Article 83 of the Implementation Rules of Enterprise Income Tax Law of the PRC, dividends,
      bonuses and other equity investment proceeds distributed between qualified resident enterprises as
      referred in Article 26.2 of the Enterprise Income Tax Law of the PRC include those proceeds obtained
      from direct investment of resident enterprises into other resident enterprises, excluding the proceeds
      from holding the stocks of the resident enterprises that were obtained through public offering or through
      trading in the stock market for less than 12 months on a continuing basis.

      According to the Enterprise Income Tax Law of the PRC and its implementation rules, dividend income
      obtained by non-resident enterprises shall be levied at a preferential enterprise income tax rate of 10%.

(2)   Holders of H Shares
      According to the Enterprise Income Tax Law of the PRC and its implementation rules, both effective on
      January 1, 2008, the Company shall withhold and pay enterprise income tax at the rate of 10% before
      distributing dividends to non-resident enterprise Shareholders whose names appear on the Bank’s
      register of members for H Shares.

      According to the Notice on Collection of Individual Income Tax after the Repeal of Guo Shui Fa No.
      [1993]045 (Guo Shui Han [2011] No. 348) (《關於國稅發[1993]045號文件廢止後有關個人所得稅徵管問題
      的通知》(國稅函[2011]348號)), the Company shall withhold and pay individual income tax for individual
      holders of the H Shares.

      If the individual holders of the H Shares are Hong Kong or Macau residents or residents of other
      countries or regions that have a tax rate of 10% under the tax treaties with the PRC, the Company will
      withhold and pay individual income tax at the rate of 10% on behalf of such Shareholders.
148   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Directors’ Report


                If the individual holders of the H Shares are residents of countries or regions that have a tax rate lower
                than 10% under the tax treaties with the PRC, the Company will withhold and pay individual income
                tax at the rate of 10% on behalf of such Shareholders. If such Shareholders wish to claim refund of the
                amount in excess of the individual income tax payable under the tax treaties, the Company can apply
                on behalf of the Shareholders according to the relevant tax treaties for the relevant agreed preferential
                tax treatment, provided that the relevant Shareholders submit the relevant documents and information
                in a timely manner required by the Administrative Rules on Enjoying Treatment under Taxation Treaties
                by Non-resident Taxpayers (State Administration of Taxation Announcement 2019, No. 35) (       《非居民納
                稅人享受稅收協定待遇管理辦法》(國家稅務總局公告2019年第35號)) and the provisions of the relevant
                tax treaties. The Company will assist with the tax refund subject to the approval of the competent tax
                authority.

                If the individual holders of the H Shares are residents of countries or regions that have a tax rate higher
                than 10% but lower than 20% under the tax treaties with the PRC, the Company will withhold and
                pay individual income tax at the applicable tax rates stated in such taxation treaties on behalf of such
                Shareholders.

                If the individual holders of the H Shares are residents of countries or regions that have a tax rate of 20%
                under the tax treaties with the PRC, or that have not entered into any taxation treaties with the PRC, or
                otherwise, the Company will withhold and pay individual income tax at the rate of 20% on behalf of such
                Shareholders.

      (IV) Donations
                During the reporting period, the Group’s external donations amounted to RMB22.7051 million.

      (V)       Major Customers
                During the reporting period, the proportion of the Group’s total operating income attributable to our five
                largest customers did not exceed 30% of the total operating income of the Group.

      (VI) Purchase and Sale and Redemption of Securities
                During the reporting period, the Company and its subsidiary did not purchase, sell or redeem any of the
                Company’s listing securities.

      (VII) Pre-Emptive Rights
                There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the Company’s Articles of Association and the PRC
                laws.

      (VIII) Public Float
                Based on the public information available to the Company and to the knowledge of the Directors, as
                of the Latest Practicable Date prior to the issue of this report, the Company had met the public float
                requirement of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.
                                                                                                Annual Report 2023   149




                                                                                    Directors’ Report



(IX)   Equity-Linked Agreements
       No equity-linked agreements were entered into by the Company during the year ended December 31,
       2023.

(X)    Material Connected Transactions
       Connected Transactions Related to Daily Operations
       The Company carried out the connected transactions in accordance with the relevant requirements
       of regulatory authorities at home and abroad, i.e. the Administrative Measures for Related Party
       Transactions of Banking and Insurance Institutions (《銀行保險機構關聯交易管理辦法》), the Rules
       Governing the Listing of Stocks on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, Self-regulatory Guidelines for Listed
       Companies on the Shanghai Stock Exchange No. 5 – Transaction and Related Party Transaction (     《上
       海證券交易所上市公司自律監管指引第5號 － 交易與關聯交易》) and the Hong Kong Listing Rules. The
       connected transactions were conducted on normal commercial terms. The terms of transactions were
       fair and reasonable and in the benefits of the Company and the shareholders as a whole.

        During the reporting period, at the eighth meeting of the sixth session of the Board, the Company
        considered and passed the Proposal on the Bank’s Credit Plan to the Related Parties of Hengdian Group
       (《關於本行對橫店集團關聯方授信方案的議案》), approving to grant maximum comprehensive credit lines
        of RMB4.85 billion to Hengdian Group Holdings Limited and its related parties. For details, please refer
        to the Announcement on Related Party Transactions of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. (Number: 2023-
        014) published by the Company on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (www.sse.com.cn).

       During the reporting period, at the eighth meeting of the sixth session of the Board, the Company
       considered and passed the Proposal on the Bank’s Credit Plan to the Related Parties of Orient Securities
       Co., Ltd. (《關於本行對東方證券股份有限公司關聯方授信方案的議案》), approving to grant maximum
       comprehensive credit lines of RMB8 billion to Orient Securities Co., Ltd. (東方證券股份有限公司). For
       details, please refer to the Announcement on Related Party Transactions of China Zheshang Bank Co.,
       Ltd. (Number: 2023-014) published by the Company on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (www.sse.com.cn).

       During the reporting period, at the eighth meeting of the sixth Session of the Board, the Company
       considered and passed the Proposal on the Pre-approval Amount of Deposit-type Related Transactions
       of China Zhejiang Bank Co., Ltd. for the Year 2023 (
                                                         《關於浙商銀行股份有限公司2023年度存款類關聯交
       易預審批額度的議案》), and agreed with the pre-approval amount of non-call deposits of related parties
       for the year 2023 as formulated by the Company. For details, please refer to the Announcement of China
       Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. on the Pre-approval Amount of Deposit-type Related Transactions for 2023
       (Number: 2023-015) published by the Company on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (www.sse.com.cn).

       During the reporting period, at the fifth extraordinary meeting of the sixth session of the Board in 2023,
       the Company considered and passed the Proposal on the Bank’s Credit Plan to the Related Parties of
       Zhejiang Energy Group (《關於本行對浙江能源集團關聯方授信方案的議案》                              ), approving to grant maximum
       comprehensive credit lines of RMB7 billion to Zhejiang Energy Group Co., Ltd. and its related parties.
       For details, please refer to the Announcement on Related Party Transactions of China Zheshang
       Bank Co., Ltd. (Number: 2023-051) published by the Company on the Shanghai Stock Exchange
       (www.sse.com.cn).
150   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Directors’ Report


                During the reporting period, at the fifth extraordinary meeting of the sixth session of the Board in 2023,
                the Company considered and passed the Proposal on the Bank’s Credit Plan to the Related Parties of
                Caitong Securities Co., Ltd. (《關於本行對財通證券股份有限公司關聯方授信方案的議案》                                  ), approving to
                grant maximum comprehensive credit lines of RMB8 billion to Caitong Securities Co., Ltd. and its related
                parties. For details, please refer to the Announcement on Related Party Transactions of China Zheshang
                Bank Co., Ltd. (Number: 2023-051) published by the Company on the Shanghai Stock Exchange
                (www.sse.com.cn).

                During the reporting period, at the twentieth meeting of the Risk and Related Party Transaction Control
                Committee of the sixth session of the Board, the Company considered and passed the Proposal on the
                Bank’s Credit Plan to the Related Parties of Zhejiang Provincial Financial Holdings Group (    《關於本行
                對浙江金融控股集團關聯方授信方案的議案》), approving to grant maximum comprehensive credit lines
                of RMB1.5 billion to Zhejiang Provincial Financial Holdings Co., Ltd. and its related parties. For details,
                please refer to the Announcement on Related Party Transactions of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. (No.:
                2023-064) published by the Company on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (www.sse.com.cn).

                During the reporting period, at the tenth extraordinary meeting of the sixth session of the Board, the
                Company considered and passed the Proposal on the Bank’s Credit Plan to the Related Parties of
                Zhejiang Hengyi Group (《關於本行對浙江恒逸集團關聯方授信方案的議案》                          ), approving to grant maximum
                comprehensive credit lines of RMB6.5 billion to Zhejiang Hengyi Group Co., Ltd. For details, please refer
                to the Announcement on Related Party Transactions of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. (No.: 2023-069)
                published by the Company on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (www.sse.com.cn).

                During the reporting period, at the tenth meeting of the sixth session of the Board, the Company
                considered and passed the Proposal on the Bank’s Credit Plan to the Related Parties of Zhejiang
                Zheyin Financial Leasing Co., Ltd. (《關於本行對浙江浙銀金融租賃股份有限公司關聯方授信方案的議案》                                  ),
                approving to grant maximum comprehensive credit lines of RMB12 billion to Zhejiang Zheyin Financial
                Leasing Co., Ltd. For details, please refer to the Announcement on Related Party Transactions of China
                Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. (No.: 2023-069) published by the Company on the Shanghai Stock Exchange
                (www.sse.com.cn).

                During the reporting period, the Company provided commercial banking services and products in our
                ordinary and usual course of business to the public in the PRC, including our connected persons. These
                transactions were entered into on normal commercial terms (or on better terms to the Company) in the
                ordinary and usual course of our business, and thus are fully exempted from all disclosure, annual review
                and Shareholders’ approval requirements under Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.

                The Company also enters into certain non-banking transactions (such as leasing arrangements) with
                our connected persons and/or their respective associates from time to time in our ordinary and usual
                course of business on normal commercial terms (or on better terms to us) which have constituted de
                minimis transactions under Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules and are fully exempted from all
                disclosure, annual review and Shareholders’ approval requirements under Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong
                Listing Rules.
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2023   151




                                                                                       Directors’ Report


       Details of related party transactions entered into by the Company as of December 31, 2023 are set out
       in “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements – Related Party Relationship and Transactions”.

       Saved as disclosed above, no related party transactions set out in “Notes to Consolidated Financial
       Statements – Related Party Relationship and Transactions” comply with the definition of “connected
       transactions” or “continuing connected transaction” in Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules and
       the Company confirms that it has complied with the disclosure requirements under Chapter 14A of the
       Hong Kong Listing Rules.

       Connected Transactions in Acquisition and Disposal of Assets or Equity
       During the reporting period, the Bank did not conduct any connected transaction involving the acquisition
       and disposal of assets or equity.

       Connected Transactions in relation to Joint External Investment
       During the reporting period, the Bank did not conduct connected transaction in relation to joint external
       investment.

       Connected Creditor’s Rights and Liabilities
       During the reporting period, the Bank did not have any non-operational connected creditor’s rights and
       liabilities.

(XI)   Transactions, Arrangements or Contractual Interest and Service
       Contracts of Directors and Supervisors
       During the reporting period, the Directors or Supervisors or any entities connected with the Directors or
       Supervisors had no material interest, directly or indirectly, in any significant transactions, arrangements or
       contracts entered into by the Company with respect to the Company’s business. None of the Directors
       and Supervisors has entered into any service contract with the Company that is not terminable by the
       Company within one year without payment of compensation (excluding statutory compensation).

(XII) Information on Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management
       Details of the Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the Company are set out in the section
       headed “Information on Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees and Institutions” in this
       annual report.
152   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Directors’ Report



      (XIII) Interests Owned by the Directors, Chief Executive and Supervisors
             in the Company
                As at December 31, 2023, the interests and short positions of the Directors, Supervisors and chief
                executives of the Company in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or its
                associated corporations (as defined in the SFO), which are required to be notified to the Company and
                Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO, including the interests
                or short positions which the Directors, Supervisors and chief executives of the Company are taken or
                deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO, or which are required to be and are recorded in
                the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO or as otherwise
                required to be notified to the Company and Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code set
                out in Appendix C3 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules, were as follows:

                                                                                                      Percentage of   Percentage
                                                                                                       the relevant   of the total
                                                                                                           class of        issued
                                                                                               No. of       shares       ordinary
                                                    Class of   Long/short                     Shares       in issue        shares
                Name              Position           shares    position        Capacity      (shares)           (%)           (%)


                Zhang Rongsen     Executive         A Share    Long position   Beneficial   1,743,430       0.0081         0.0063
                 (張榮森)             Director,                                   Owner
                                   President
                Ma Hong           Executive         A Share    Long position   Beneficial     83,070        0.0004         0.0003
                 (馬紅)              Director                                     Owner

                Chen Haiqiang     Executive         A Share    Long position   Beneficial    754,000        0.0035         0.0027
                 (陳海強)             Director, Vice                               Owner
                                   President
                Wu Fanghua        Employee          A Share    Long position   Beneficial     52,000        0.0002         0.0002
                 (吳方華)             Supervisor                                   Owner


      (XIV) Directors’ Interests in Businesses Competing with the Company
                None of the Directors of the Company hold any interest in any business which, directly or indirectly,
                competes or may compete with businesses of the Company.

      (XV) Directors’ and Supervisors’ Rights to Acquire Shares or Debentures
                As of the end of the reporting period, none of the Directors and Supervisors had the rights to acquire
                shares or debentures of the Company and its associated corporations (within the meaning of the SFO).

      (XVI) Permitted Indemnity Provisions
                The Company has purchased appropriate liability insurance to indemnify its Directors, Supervisors and
                senior management in respect of the liabilities arising from engaging in the activities of the Company.
                Such arrangements remained effective as at the end of the reporting period.
                                                                                              Annual Report 2023   153




                                                                                  Directors’ Report



(XVII) Management Contracts
      Save as the service contracts entered into with the Directors and employees, the Company has not
      entered into any contract with any person, company or corporation in order to manage or deal with the
      whole or any material portion of any business of the Company.

(XVIII) Reserves and Distributable Reserves
      For details of the changes in the Group’s reserves and distributable reserves, please see “Financial
      Report – Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity”.

(XIX) Fixed Assets (Properties and Equipments)
      For details of the changes in the Group’s fixed assets (properties and equipment), please see “Note V to
      Financial Report – 9 Fixed Assets”.

(XX) Employment of Accounting Firms and Sponsors
      According to its resolutions passed at the 2022 general meeting, the Company engaged KPMG Huazhen
      LLP and KPMG as the auditors to audit the annual financial statements of the Company for 2023
      prepared in accordance with the China Accounting Standards and International Financial Reporting
      Standards, respectively. Chen Sijie (陳思杰) and Jin Rui (金睿) are the certified public accountants who
      signed the audit report on the Company’s financial statements for 2023 prepared in accordance with the
      China Accounting Standards. Each of Chen Sijie and Jin Rui has been serving as the signing certificated
      public accountant of the Company since 2020 and 2023, respectively.

      The financial statements of the Company for 2023 prepared under the China Accounting Standards and
      the internal control of the Company as at the benchmark date of 2023 were audited by KPMG Huazhen
      LLP, and the financial statements for 2023 prepared under International Financial Reporting Standards
      were audited by KPMG. The total audit fees amounted to approximately RMB6,600,000, among which
      the audit fees for internal control was approximately RMB1,000,000. The Company paid the total non-
      audit fees of approximately RMB1.99 million to KPMG Huazhen LLP and KPMG for the current year.
      KPMG Huazhen LLP and KPMG confirmed that the provision of such non-audit services would not
      compromise their audit independence.

      The Company engaged CITIC Securities Company Limited as the sponsoring institution (Joint Lead
      Underwriter) of the A-share right issue, and the sponsor representatives were Cheng Yue (程越) and Jiang
      Ying (姜穎). During the reporting period, the remuneration (including sponsoring fees and underwriting
      fees) paid to CITIC Securities Company Limited by the Company amounted to RMB22,752,400.

(XXI) Use of Proceeds Raised
      During the reporting period, the Company completed the A-share right issue and the H-share right
      issue on June 27 and July 27, 2023, respectively. The Company placed shares to all A-shareholders
      and all H-shareholders at RMB2.02 per A-share and HK$2.23 per H-share, respectively, on the basis of
      3 shares for every 10 shares. 4,829,739,185 A-shares were actually issued in the A-share right issue,
      and 1,366,200,000 H-shares were actually issued in the H-share right issue, from which total proceeds
      amounted to approximately RMB9,756 million and HK$3,047 million respectively, and the net proceeds
      after deduction of the issue expenses amounted to approximately RMB9,722 million and HK$3,012
      million respectively, which were all utilized to replenish the Company’s core tier 1 capital.
154   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Directors’ Report


                The use of the proceeds of the Company was consistent with the purposes as undertaken in the
                prospectus of the A-share right issue and the prospectus of the H-share right issue of the Company
                respectively.

      (XXII) Debentures Issued
                Please refer to “Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders – Issue of Bonds” of this Report for
                details about the debentures issued by the Company.

      (XXIII) Compliance with the Laws and Regulations
                As of the end of the reporting period, to the best knowledge of the Company, we have complied with all
                relevant laws and regulations which could materially affect the Company in all major aspects.

      (XXIV) Performance of Social Responsibilities
                During the reporting period, the Bank insisted on practicing the concept of “financial services for good”,
                explored the organic integration of its own social responsibility and sustainable business development,
                and fully demonstrated its responsibility in serving the real economy, achieving carbon peak carbon
                neutrality, supporting the construction of the Zhejiang Common Wealth Demonstration Zone, rural
                revitalization, and the protection of consumers’ rights and interests, etc., and strived to create long-term
                value for the society, the effectiveness of the company has been widely recognized by the society, and
                the ESG rating of MSCI has been A for two consecutive years. The Company has also been awarded the
                “First Prize for Supporting the Advanced Unit of Economic and Social Development in Zhejiang Province”
                by the Zhejiang Provincial Government, and the “Tianji Award for ESG Practices in China’s Banking
                Industry of the Year” by the Securities Times and other honors.

                For relevant details, see the 2023 Corporate Social Responsibility Report of China Zheshang Bank
                published on the websites of Shanghai Stock Exchange, the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the
                Company.

      1.        Environmental Information
                Focusing on the national “14th Five-Year Plan” and the “3060” goal of carbon peak attainment and
                carbon neutrality, the Bank comprehensively promotes green finance and green operation, and endeavors
                to realize business development and environmental protection simultaneously. During the reporting
                period, the Bank did not commit any environmental violation.

                In the area of green finance, the Bank formulated the “Implementation Framework for Green Finance
                Construction”, the “Three-Year Enhancement Plan for Green Finance Development of CZBank”, the
                “Action Plan for Supporting Carbon Peak and Carbon Neutrality of CZBank (2021-2025)”, and various
                guiding opinions to strengthen the management of green finance. The Bank continues to improve the
                mechanism for safeguarding the policies on green finance and the top-level design, so as to push
                forward the development of green development and the construction of dual-carbon construction, and
                to improve the top-level governance structure and policy system. The Bank’s Board of Directors is
                responsible for determining the Bank’s green finance development strategy, supervising and evaluating
                the implementation of the green finance development strategy, while the senior management has set up
                the “Green Finance Development Leadership Team” and the “Carbon Neutral Leadership Team”, etc.,
                and formulated the annual special promotion plan and further defined the development objectives for the
                year. We have issued the Environmental, Social and Governance Risk Management Measures of CZBank,
                and enhanced the level of risk management in green finance in multiple dimensions. We continue to
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2023   155




                                                                                          Directors’ Report


           strengthen policy guidance, professional operation, and assessment incentives to promote products
           and service modes such as Carbon Ease Loan, Photovoltaic Loan, and Carbon Emission Reduction
           Support Tool, and to make an effort in various aspects, such as green credits, green bonds, and green
           investments, to encourage resources to flow into clean energy and eco-friendly industries. As of the end
           of the reporting period, the balance of our Bank’s green loans was RMB203.436 billion, an increase of
           39.41% compared to the beginning of the year, higher than the growth rate of all loans in the Bank. The
           Bank assisted in the issuance of 5 green bonds, blue bonds, etc., achieving a financing of RMB3.153
           billion. It issued the first ESG wealth management product across the Bank, with a fund-raising scale of
           RMB50 million, and prioritizing investment in green industries such as clean energy, pollution prevention
           and control, and ecological protection. The low-carbon theme fund for consignment sales amounted to
           RMB119 million.

           In terms of green operation, the Bank continue to deepen the electronicization of seals and vouchers,
           with a coverage rate of over 90% in personal transaction volume throughout the year. We participated in
           the Ministry of Finance’s electronic voucher project, and have taken the lead in completing the
           implementation and application of the “Bank Electronic Voucher Interconnection Platform” in the industry,
           with successfully practical applications in multiple pilot entities made. The Bank has realized “no need to
           run even once” in business operation, saving energy consumption and carbon emissions for customers
           to and from banks, with the replacement rate of online transactions exceeded 99%. We are deepening
           the digital reform of office management, running 1.21 million online processes throughout the year,
           saving about 45 tons of office paper. We vigorously promote green building management and zero
           carbon network construction. CZBank Lishui Branch has passed the zero carbon network evaluationNote.
           We also actively carry out environmental public welfare activities such as afforestation, water source
           purification, and resource recycling.

2.         Information on Social Responsibility
(1)        Serving the real economy
           The Bank actively implements the important decisions and deployments of the Central Committee of the
           Communist Party of China and the Zhejiang Provincial Party Committee and Government, adheres to
           the fundamental purpose of providing financial services to the real economy, continuously improves the
           quality and efficiency of serving key areas and weak links of the real economy, and does a good job in
           five major areas: technology finance, green finance, inclusive finance, pension finance, and digital finance.
           As of the end of the reporting period, the total amount of financing in Zhejiang Province exceeded
           RMB900 billion, with a balance of loans for inclusive small and micro enterprises of RMB320.128 billion
           and a balance of financing for science and technology innovation enterprises of RMB204.126 billion.
           Meanwhile, the Bank has reshaped financial logic from the perspective of social value, studies and
           vigorously promoted theoretical and practical innovation in “financial for good”, and, as a director unit
           of the Financial Service Committee of the General Association of Zhejiang Entrepreneurs, pioneered the
           financial advisory system and explored regional integrated financial service demonstration zones. With
           the joint efforts of all member units, the Bank promoted the establishment of 93 studios, organized 3,400
           financial advisors, and provided financing of RMB555.496 billion for 82,300 enterprises, aiming to create
           a demonstration sample for financial supply side reform. We Lead the establishment of the first non-profit
           and public welfare charity financial comprehensive service platform in China, the “Charity Capital Public
           Welfare Alliance”, and launched the “Charity Trust Project” to encourage willing and capable enterprises,
           social organizations, and individuals to participate in public welfare and charity undertakings.


Note: Recognized by Beijing National Financial Technology Certification Center.
156   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Directors’ Report


      (2)       Consolidation and expansion of poverty relief achievement and rural revitalization
                The Bank continues to increase the allocation of financial resources and investment in rural areas and
                poverty-stricken areas. The Bank has set up a separate credit plan for agriculture, clarified the general
                ideas and requirements for rural revitalization, given special awards to branches with outstanding
                performance in rural revitalization, and focused on island counties in the mountainous areas of Zhejiang
                Province, and researched and formulated financial service plans on a county-by-county basis. As of the
                end of the reporting period, the balance of our bank’s large-scale agricultural loans was RMB220.783
                billion, an increase of RMB20.859 billion compared to the beginning of the year. The total amount of
                financial services in mountainous and island counties is RMB80.612 billion. We have solidly promoted
                the cooperation between the East and the West, as well as the paired assistance work of “thousands
                of enterprises with thousands of villages”. We have taken measures such as industrial assistance and
                consumption assistance, and have invested a total of RMB41.81 million. The assistance has achieved
                significant results. Among them, the photovoltaic power generation and grain and oil processing projects
                in 5 villages of Longyou County in Quzhou have achieved an average annual operating income of over
                RMB300,000 for the village collectively, and the beef cattle breeding project in Shaxi Village, Xuanhan
                County, Sichuan has driven an increase in income of more than RMB600,000 for the entire village. We
                continue to promote the education assistance of “one bank for one school”, pairing 32 rural primary
                schools, and donated a total of RMB34.28 million, providing comprehensive support for the schools’
                infrastructure, living environment, teaching quality, and quality education, and benefiting 10,000 students.

      (3)       Protection of consumer rights
                The Bank always adheres to a “customer-oriented” approach, and continuously strengthens consumer
                protection audits. We comprehensively monitor product and service design and development, pricing
                management, agreement formulation, marketing promotion, and other aspects. Throughout the year, our
                consumer protection review identified over 4,200 risks, effectively achieving pre risk control. We promote
                comprehensively the construction of the “digital intelligent consumer protection system” and improve
                the quality and efficiency of consumer protection work. We also improve the complaint management
                mechanism, strengthen the construction of the complaint management team, handle complaints in a
                timely and appropriate manner, and effectively protect the legitimate rights and interests of consumers,
                especially achieving “zero complaints related to the Asian Games” during the Asian (Paralympic) Games.
                As of the end of the reporting period, the Bank has received a total of 119,169 complaints, with a 100%
                customer complaint handling rate.
                                                                                                                Annual Report 2023   157




                                                                                                Directors’ Report


           The following table shows the geographical of complaints (excluding complaints from the head officeNote):

                                       No. of                                    No. of                                No. of
           Institutions in the     complaints     Institutions in the        complaints   Institutions in the      complaints
           jurisdictions             piece(s)     jurisdictions                piece(s)   jurisdictions              piece(s)

           Beijing Branch                1,599    Tianjin Branch                    507   Wenzhou Branch                    478
           Hangzhou Branch               2,257    Wuhan Branch                      636   Taizhou Branch                    224
           Nanjing Branch                  933    Zhengzhou Branch                2,121   Shaoxing Branch                   538
           Guangzhou Branch              1,707    Hefei Branch                      529   Zhoushan Branch                    35
           Shenzhen Branch                 736    Guiyang Branch                    107   Jinhua Branch                     362
           Shanghai Branch                 592    Changsha Branch                   342   Jiaxing Branch                    420
           Suzhou Branch                   486    Nanchang Branch                   188   Quzhou Branch                     199
           Ningbo Branch                   574    Qingdao Branch                    144   Huzhou Branch                     314
           Chengdu Branch                1,246    Hohhot Branch                      54   Lishui Branch                     147
           Chongqing Branch              1,418    Shenyang Branch                   518   Nanning Branch                     10
           Jinan Branch                    596    Fuzhou Branch                      25   Taiyuan Branch                     10
           Xi’an Branch                    711    Lanzhou Branch                    524   /                                   /

           The following table shows the category of complaints:

                                                           No. of                                                      No. of
                                                       complaints                                                  complaints
           Category                                      piece(s)        Category                                    piece(s)

           Complaints about bank cards                      56,270       Complaints about other                          1,076
                                                                          intermediary business
           Complaints about loans                           33,805       Complaints about RMB savings                       584
           Complaints about debt collection                 10,986       Complaints about foreign                           406
                                                                          exchange
           Complaints about self-managed                         1,493   Complaints about precious                           92
            wealth management                                             metal
           Complaints about banking agency                        948    Complaints about RMB                                11
            business                                                      management
           Complaints about payment                              5,324   Other complaints                                5,796
            settlement
           Complaints about personal financial                   2,378   /                                                     /
            information

           In addition, the Bank has actively developed the “Wealth Management N Classes” consumer protection
           brand, launching nearly 200 courses at different levels. Relying on the results of the brand, we launched
           more than 7,000 educational and promotional activities throughout the year, reaching 39.33 million
           consumers, of which 57 videos and 128 feature articles were precisely targeted at specific groups, such
           as the elderly, young people, new citizens, urban reform groups, etc., to effectively enhance the financial
           literacy of consumers. We continued to carry out education and training for its consumer protection staff
           for nearly 600 times, covering more than 100,000 persons.


Note: The number of complaints from the head office is 97,882.
158   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Directors’ Report


      (4)       Privacy and data security
                The Bank attaches great importance to the protection of customer privacy and data security, as reflected
                by the continuous efforts to strengthen the establishment of a hierarchical financial consumer information
                management and authorization mechanism in all aspects, from the collection, storage, inspection,
                registration, downloading, processing, circulation, deletion, destruction and sharing with partners of
                customer information. We effectively protect customer information and privacy security by using security
                technologies such as encrypted keyboards, secure controls, and APP reinforcement. We continuously
                strengthen safety defense in depth, regularly conduct emergency plan drills, educate and train employees
                on safety awareness, and promote the construction and iteration of safety operation platforms. During
                the reporting period, our network and data security related systems have passed multiple international
                standard management system certifications, including ISO27001 (Information Security Management
                System), ISO27701 (Privacy Management System), ISO20000 (Information Technology Service System),
                ISO22301 (Business Continuity Management System), CMMI3 (Capability Maturity Model), etc., and
                as a result, there have been no major incidents of network security, data security, or customer privacy
                information leakage.

      (5)       Human resource development
                Adhering to the principle of equal and legal employment, the Bank respects and protects the legitimate
                rights and interests of employees and candidates, and treats them equally regardless of age, gender,
                nationality, race, marital status, religious beliefs, family status, etc. We strictly comply with China’s legal
                working hours and holiday regulations, resist forced and compulsory labor, and protect employees’
                rights to rest and leave (including paternity leave and parental leave).; We provide competitive and fair
                compensation and benefits as well as a healthy and safe office environment; We focus on employee
                care by providing holiday consolation, convalescence and recuperation and medical checkups;
                We improve our employee communication channels such as the Beehive Community, Employee’s
                Home, and the Satisfaction Platform, and we encourage employees to freely voice their opinions and
                criticisms; We have perfected an all-round training system covering different types of employees and
                business sectors, support employees in obtaining professional qualification certificates or participating
                in academic education, and provide them with opportunities for head office and branch office “double-
                selection” exchanges, internal recruiting, and open competitions, so as to smooth ways for their
                career development. The Bank also encourages employees to report irregularities, and strictly enforces
                confidentiality and protection of the information of the whistle-blowers, so as to create a fair and just
                atmosphere for their career development.

      (XXV) Miscellaneous
                (1)       As of the date of this report, the Company was not aware that any Shareholders had waived or
                          agreed to waive any dividend arrangement.

                (2)       As of the date of this report, none of the Directors waived or agreed to waive the related
                          remuneration arrangements.

                (3)       During the reporting period, there are no collateral and pledges of significant assets of the
                          Company.
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2023   159




                                             Report of the Supervisory Committee


During the reporting period, the supervisory committee has proactively and effectively carried out supervision on
the duty performance of the Board of Directors and the senior management of the Company, financial activities,
risk management, internal control and lawful operation pursuant to the Company Law of the People’s Republic of
China (《中華人民共和國公司法》), the Articles of Association of the Company and the supervisory duties delegated
by relevant supervisory authorities.

(I)      Legal Operation
         Our Company operated in accordance with law, and our decision-making procedure was compliant with
         the relevant provisions in the Company Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國公司法》),
         the Commercial Banking Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國商業銀行法》) and the
         Articles of Association of the Company. The Directors, President and other Senior Management did not
         violate any laws and regulations or behave against the interests of our Company when they performed
         duties.

(II)     Truthfulness of Financial Statements
         The 2023 annual financial report of our Company truthfully reflected the financial position and the
         operating results of the Company during the reporting period, and had been audited by KPMG Huazhen
         LLP and KPMG, who had issued standard auditing reports without qualified opinion.

(III) Use of Proceeds
         During the reporting period, the application of funds raised by the Company was consistent with the
         purposes committed in the prospectus of the Company.

(IV) Acquisition and Sale of Assets
         No insider trading or behavior harming the interests of some Shareholders was found in the major
         acquisitions of the Company.

(V)      Connected Transactions
         The connected transactions of our Company were conducted in a fair and reasonable way and were in
         compliance with national laws and regulations and the Articles of Association of the Company, and the
         supervisory committee was not aware of any behaviors which were not conducted on an arm’s length
         basis or were detrimental to the interests of the Company and Shareholders.

(VI) Internal Control System
         The supervisory committee had reviewed the “Internal Control Evaluation Report of China Zheshang
         Bank for 2023”, and concurred with the Board of Directors’ representations regarding the completeness,
         reasonableness, effectiveness and implementation of the internal control system of the Company.

(VII) Implementation of Resolutions Passed at Shareholders ’ General
      Meetings
         The supervisory committee had no objection to the reports or proposals submitted by the Board of
         Directors to the Shareholders’ general meeting in 2023. It supervised the implementation of resolutions
         passed at the Shareholders’ general meetings and was of the opinion that the Board of Directors had
         implemented the relevant resolutions earnestly.
160   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Significant Events


      (I)       Material Litigations and Arbitrations
                The Company was involved in certain legal litigations/arbitrations in the ordinary course of business, most
                of which were filed by the Company itself for the purpose of recovering non-performing loans. The above
                litigations/arbitrations also include those arising as a result of other disputes. For the relevant information
                on the case involving disputes of contracts between the Company and Glory Xingye (Beijing) Real Estate
                Co., Ltd. (北京國瑞興業地產股份有限公司), Guorui Properties Limited, Shantou Garden Group Co.,
                Ltd. (汕頭花園集團有限公司), Zhang Zhangsun (張章筍) and Ruan Wenjuan (阮文娟), please refer to the
                Announcement of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. on the Litigation (       《浙商銀行股份有限公司關於訴訟事項
                的公告》) (Number: 2022-029) and the Announcement of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. on the Litigation
                Progress (《浙商銀行股份有限公司關於訴訟事項進展的公告》                               ) (Number: 2023-001) issued by the Company
                on the website of the Shanghai Stock Exchange (www.sse.com.cn). For the relevant information on the
                case involving disputes of contracts between the Company and Wuhan Fasco Energy Technology Co.,
                Ltd (武漢法斯克能源科技有限公司), Ji Changqun (季昌群), Xia Guihua (夏桂花), Hong Qinghua (洪清華),
                Ningbo Shimeng Paikang Enterprise Management Co., Ltd. (寧波仕盟派康企業管理有限公司) (previously
                known as Ningbo Daxie Paikang Asset Management Co., Ltd. (寧波大榭派康資產管理有限公司)) and
                Ningbo Meishan Bonded Port Zone Zhejing Equity Investment Partnership (LLP) (寧波梅山保稅港區浙景
                股權投資合夥企業(有限合夥)), please refer to the Announcement of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. on
                the Litigation (《浙商銀行股份有限公司關於訴訟事項的公告》) (Number: 2023-063) and the Announcement
                of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. on the Litigation Progress (       《浙商銀行股份有限公司關於訴訟事項進展
                的公告》) (Number: 2023-076) issued by the Company on the website of the Shanghai Stock Exchange
                (www.sse.com.cn).

                As of the end of the reporting period, there were totally 42 pending litigations/arbitrations (excluding
                cases involving enforcement opposition and the third parties) where the Company was a defendant, and
                the total value was RMB347,191,900, which are not expected to have a material adverse impact on the
                Company’s business, financial position or operating results.

      (II)      Material Contracts and Their Performance
      1.        Significant Events Relating to Custody, Contracting and Leasing
                During the reporting period, the Company did not engage in any significant events concerning the
                custody, contracting and lease of other companies’ assets that is required to be disclosed, nor was
                there any such matters where other companies’ custody, contracting and lease of the Company’s assets
                required to be disclosed.

      2.        Significant Guarantees
                Guarantee business is part of the Company’s routine business. During the reporting period, save for
                the financial guarantee business carried out by the Company within the business scope approved by
                the regulatory authorities, the Company did not engage in other significant guarantees required to be
                disclosed.

      (III) Misappropriation of Non-Operating Funds of the Company by
            Controlling Shareholders and Other Related Parties
                During the reporting period, the Company did not have any non-operating misappropriation of the
                Company’s funds by the controlling shareholders and other related parties, and KPMG Huazhen LLP
                (being an auditor of the Company) has issued a special review opinion for this purpose.
                                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2023    161




                                                                                                                  Significant Events



(IV) Significant Acquisitions, Sales or Disposals of Assets and Business
     Combination
      During the reporting period, at the ninth meeting of the sixth session of the Board, the Company
      considered and passed the Proposal on the Purchase of Office Space for Shenzhen Branch (《關於購置
      深圳分行辦公用房的議案》). For details, please refer to the Announcement of China Zheshang Bank Co.,
      Ltd. on the Purchase of Business Office Space (《浙商銀行股份有限公司關於購買營業辦公用房的公告》                       )
      (Number: 2023-046) issued by the Company on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (www.sse.com.cn).

(V)   Equity Incentive Plan
      During the reporting period, the Company did not implement an equity incentive plan.

(VI) Employee Stock Ownership Plan
      During the reporting period, the Company did not implement an employee stock ownership plan.

(VII) Disciplinary Actions Imposed on the Company or Its Directors,
      Supervisors, Senior Management and Shareholders Holding 5% or
      more Shares in the Company
      No significant administrative penalty was imposed and no notice of criticism was circulated by any
      regulatory authority upon the Company or the Board of Directors and the Directors, supervisory
      committee, the Supervisors and senior management of the Company and Shareholders holding 5% or
      more shares during the reporting period.

(VIII) Performance of the Undertakings
                                                                                                                                                  Whether
                                                                                                                Time and          Any             timely and
      Background of      Type of                                                                                period of         period for      strictly
      undertakings       undertakings   Undertaking entities            Undertakings                            undertakings      performance     performed


      Undertakings       Other          Zhejiang Provincial Financial To subscribe in cash for all the            The rights issue Yes            Yes
        in relation to                    Holdings Co., Ltd.            offered shares to be determined in          period of the
        refinancing                                                     accordance with the rights issue plan       Company
                                                                        and to be allotted to it in proportion to
                                                                        the number of shares held by it at the
                                                                        close of market on the record date of
                                                                        the rights issue.
                         Other          Zhejiang Seaport (Hong        To subscribe in cash for all the offered The rights issue Yes               Yes
                                          Kong) Co., Limited,           H Rights Shares which will be allotted      period of the
                                          Zhejiang Provincial Seaport to it in proportion to its shareholding       Company
                                          Investment & Operation        in the Bank as of the H Share Record
                                          Group Co., Ltd.               Date based on the Subscription
                                                                        Price and according to the relevant
                                                                        procedures and requirements as
                                                                        prescribed in the prospectus of the H
                                                                        Share Rights Issue.
162   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Significant Events



      (IX)      Review of Annual Results
                KPMG Huazhen LLP and KPMG have audited the financial statements of the Company prepared in
                accordance with the China Accounting Standards and the International Financial Reporting Standards
                respectively, and issued standard unqualified auditing reports. The Board of Directors and the Audit
                Committee have reviewed the results and financial report of the Company for the year ended December
                31, 2023.

      (X)       Annual General Meeting
                For the convening of its 2023 annual general meeting of the Company, the Company will make further
                announcement.

      (XI)      Publishing the Annual Report
                The English and Chinese version of the annual report prepared by the Company in accordance with the
                International Financial Reporting Standards and Hong Kong Listing Rules will be available on the website
                of Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the Company’s website.

                The Chinese version of the annual report prepared by the Company in accordance with the China
                Accounting Standards and the Rules for the Preparation of Annual Reports will be available on the
                website of Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Company’s website.
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2023   163




                                                                Independent Auditor’s Report


To the Shareholders of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.
(Incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)

Opinion
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. (the “Bank”) and its
subsidiaries (the “Group”), which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position at 31 December 2023,
the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of
changes in equity and the consolidated cash flow statement for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated
financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position
of the Group at 31 December 2023, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flow
statement for the year then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”) issued
by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the
disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (“ISAs”) issued by the International
Auditing and Assurance Standards Board. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the
Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are
independent of the Group in accordance with International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants’ International
Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including International Independence Standards)(“IESBA Code”)
together with any ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the consolidated financial statements in
the People’s Republic of China, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these
requirements and IESBA Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate
to provide a basis for our opinion.
164   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Independent Auditor’s Report



      Key Audit Matters
      Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit
      of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of
      our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not
      provide a separate opinion on these matters.


       Measurement of allowance for expected credit losses for loans and advances to customers and financial
       investments measured at amortised cost

       Refer to accounting policies in Note IV.6(6) Impairment of financial assets and Note V Significant Accounting
       Judgements and Estimates and Note VI.17 Loans and Advances to Customers and Note VI.18.2 Financial
       investments measured at amortised cost.

       Key audit matter                                        How the matter was addressed in our audit

       The Group uses the expected credit loss (“ECL”)         Our audit procedures in relation to ECL allowance
       model to calculate a loss allowance for expected        for loans and advances to customers and financial
       credit losses for loans and advances to customers       investments measured at amortised cost included the
       and financial investments measured at amortised         following:
       cost.
                                                               •   understanding and assessing the key internal
       The determination of the loss allowance is subject          controls of financial reporting over the process and
       to the application of a number of key parameters            the measurement of ECL allowance for loans and
       and assumptions, including the identification               advances to customers and financial investments
       of loss stages of significant increase in credit            measured at amortised cost.
       risk since initial recognition and credit-impaired,
       probability of default, loss given default, exposures   •   involving KPMG information technology ( “IT”)
       at default and discount rate, forward-looking               specialists to assess the design, implementation and
       adjustments on economic indicators, economic                operating effectiveness of relevant IT systems for
       scenarios and weightings and other adjustment               ECL allowance for loans and advances to customers
       factors. Management judgement is involved in the            and financial investments measured at amortised
       selection of those parameters and the application           cost.
       of the assumptions.
                                                               •   involving KPMG financial risk management specialists
       The determination of the ECL model is heavily               to assess the appropriateness of the ECL model and
       dependent on the macroeconomic environment                  the parameters used, evaluate the key management
       and the Group’s internal credit risk management             judgements involved and management’s impact
       strategy. The ECL of corporate loans and                    assessment on financial statements upon changes.
       advances, financial investments measured at
       amortised cost in stage one and stage two and
       all personal loans and advances are derived from
       estimates including probability of default, loss
       given default, exposures at default and discount
       rate. The ECL of corporate loans and advances
       and financial investments measured at amortised
       cost in stage three are derived from estimates
       whereby taken into consideration cash flows
       expected to be received and discount rate.
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2023   165




                                                                 Independent Auditor’s Report



Measurement of allowance for expected credit losses for loans and advances to customers and financial
investments measured at amortised cost (continued)

Refer to accounting policies in Note IV.6(6) Impairment of financial assets and Note V Significant Accounting
Judgements and Estimates and Note VI.17 Loans and Advances to Customers and Note VI.18.2 Financial
investments measured at amortised cost.

Key audit matter                                      How the matter was addressed in our audit

Management also exercises judgement in                •   assessing the completeness and accuracy of data
determining the quantum of loss given default             used for the key parameters in the ECL model. For
based on a range of factors. These include                key parameters derived from internal data relating to
available remedies for recovery, the financial            original agreements, we compared the total balance
situation of the borrower, the feasible collection        of the loans and advances to customers and financial
measures, the recoverable amount of collateral,           investments measured at amortised cost list used by
the seniority of the claim and the existence and          management with the general ledger to assess the
cooperativeness of other creditors. Management            completeness of the list. We also selecting items and
refers to valuation reports issued by qualified           comparing the information of individual loans and
third-party valuers and considers the influence           advances to customers and financial investments
of various factors when assessing the value of            measured at amortised cost with the underlying
collateral. The enforceability, timing and means of       agreements and other related documentation
realisation of collateral can also have an impact         to assess the accuracy of the list. For historical
on the recoverable amount of collateral and,              economic indicators and other key parameters
therefore, the amount of allowance for ECL at the         derived from external data, we selected items to
end of the reporting period.                              inspect the accuracy of such data by comparing
                                                          them with public resources.
We identified the measurement of allowance for
ECL for loans and advances to customers and           •   for key parameters used in the ECL model which
financial investments measured at amortised cost          were derived from system-generated internal
as a key audit matter because of the inherent             data, we involved KPMG IT specialists to assess
uncertainty and management judgement involved             the system logics and compilation of the overdue
and because of its significance to the financial          information of loans and advances to customers and
results and capital of the Group.                         financial investments measured at amortised cost.

                                                      •   for key parameters involving judgement, seeking
                                                          evidence from external sources published by
                                                          statistical institutions and comparing to the Group’s
                                                          internal records including historical loss experience,
                                                          to evaluate the consistency of management’s
                                                          application of key assumptions and key parameters.
                                                          We compared the economic and market factors
                                                          used in the model with market information to
                                                          assess whether they were aligned with economic
                                                          development expectation.
166   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Independent Auditor’s Report



       Measurement of allowance for expected credit losses for loans and advances to customers and financial
       investments measured at amortised cost (continued)

       Refer to accounting policies in Note IV.6(6) Impairment of financial assets and Note V Significant Accounting
       Judgements and Estimates and Note VI.17 Loans and Advances to Customers and Note VI.18.2 Financial
       investments measured at amortised cost.

       Key audit matter                                    How the matter was addressed in our audit

                                                           •    evaluating the validity of management’s assessment
                                                                on whether the credit risk of the loans and advances
                                                                to customers and financial investments measure
                                                                at amortised cost has, or has not, increased
                                                                significantly since initial recognition, whether the loan
                                                                is credit-impaired and evaluate the loss allowance for
                                                                expected credit losses for credit-impaired loans and
                                                                advances to customers and financial investments by
                                                                selecting items to perform credit assessments. We
                                                                performed the credit assessments by checking the
                                                                overdue information, making enquiries of the credit
                                                                managers about the borrowers’ business operations,
                                                                checking borrowers’ financial information and
                                                                collaterals’ information about borrowers’ businesses.

                                                           •    assessing the reasonableness of the disclosures
                                                                in the financial statements in relation to the loss
                                                                allowance for expected credit losses for loans and
                                                                advances to customers and financial investments
                                                                measured at amortised cost with reference to
                                                                prevailing accounting standards.
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2023   167




                                                                     Independent Auditor’s Report



Recognition of interests in and consolidation of structured entities

Refer to the accounting policies in Note IV.3 Criteria for Control and the Preparation of Consolidated Financial
Statements, Note V Significant Accounting Judgements and Estimates and Note VII.2 Interests in Structured
Entities.

Key audit matter                                         How the matter was addressed in our audit

Structured entities are generally created to             Our audit procedures to assess the recognition of interests
achieve a narrow and well defined objective              in and consolidation of structured entities included the
with restrictions around their ongoing activities        following:
which include providing investment services and
products to customers and managing the Group’s           •    understanding and assessing the key controls
assets and liabilities.                                       of financial reporting over the consolidation of
                                                              structured entities;
The Group may acquire an ownership interest
in, act as a sponsor to, a structured entity,            •    selecting items of significant structured entities
through initiating or investing shares in a                   of key product type and performing the following
wealth management product, a fund, an asset                   procedures for selected items:
management plan, a trust plan, or an asset-
backed security. The Group may also retain                    –    inspecting the related contracts, internal
partial interests in derecognized assets due to                    establishment documents and information
guarantees or securitization structures.                           disclosed to the investors to understand the
                                                                   purpose of the establishment of the structured
In determining whether the Group should retain                     entity and the involvement the Group has
any partial interests in a structured entity or should             with the structured entity and to assess
consolidate a structured entity, management is                     management’s judgement over whether the
required to consider the power the Group is able                   Group has the ability to exercise power over the
to exercise over the activities of the entity, and its             structured entity.
exposure to and ability to influence the Group’s
own returns from the entity. These factors are not            –    inspecting the risk and reward structure of
purely quantitative and need to be considered                      the structured entity including any capital or
collectively in the overall substance of the                       return guarantee, provision of liquidity support,
transactions.                                                      commission paid and distribution of the returns
                                                                   to assess management’s judgement as to
                                                                   exposure, or rights, to variable returns from the
                                                                   Group’s involvement in such an entity.
168   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Independent Auditor’s Report



       Recognition of interests in and consolidation of structured entities (continued)

       Refer to the accounting policies in Note IV.3 Criteria for Control and the Preparation of Consolidated Financial
       Statements, Note V Significant Accounting Judgements and Estimates and Note VII.2 Interests in Structured
       Entities.

       Key audit matter                                      How the matter was addressed in our audit

       We identified the recognition of interests in and         –    inspecting management’s analysis of the
       consolidation of structured entities as a key audit            structured entity, including qualitative analysis
       matter because of the complex nature of these                  and the calculation of the magnitude and
       structured entities and because of the judgement               variability associated with the Group’s economic
       exercised by management in the qualitative                     interests in the structured entity, to assess
       assessment of the terms and the nature of each                 management’s judgement over the Group’s
       entity.                                                        ability to influence its own returns from the
                                                                      structured entity.

                                                                 –    assessing management’s judgement over
                                                                      whether the structured entity should be
                                                                      consolidated or not.

                                                             •   assessing the reasonableness of the disclosures in
                                                                 the financial statements in relation to the recognition
                                                                 of interests in and consolidation of structured entities
                                                                 with reference to prevailing accounting standards.
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023   169




                                                                    Independent Auditor’s Report



Fair value of financial instruments

Refer to accounting policies in Note V Significant Accounting Judgements and Estimates and Note XV Fair Value
of Financial Instruments.

Key audit matter                                        How the matter was addressed in our audit

Financial instruments carried at fair value account     Our audit procedures to assess the fair value of financial
for a significant part of the Group’s assets and        instruments included the following:
liabilities. The effect of fair value adjustments of
financial instruments may impact either the profit      •    understanding and assessing the design,
or loss or other comprehensive income.                       implementation and operating effectiveness of
                                                             key internal controls of financial reporting over the
The valuation of the Group’s financial instruments,          valuation of financial instruments.
held at fair value, is based on a combination of
market data and valuation models which often            •    evaluating the fair value of level 1 financial
require a considerable number of inputs. Many of             instruments, by comparing the fair values applied by
these inputs are obtained from readily available             the Group with publicly available market data.
data, in particular for level 1 and level 2 financial
instruments in the fair value hierarchy, the            •    evaluating the fair value of level 2 and level 3
valuation techniques for which use quoted market             financial instruments on sample basis, by evaluating
prices and observable inputs, respectively. Where            the Group’s valuation models, obtaining inputs
one or more significant inputs are unobservable              independently and verifying inputs, comparing
in the valuation techniques, as in the case of               our valuation results with the Group’s results, and
level 3 financial instruments, then estimates need           engaging KPMG valuation specialists to conduct
to be developed which can involve significant                independent valuation.
management judgement.
                                                        •    assessing the reasonableness of the disclosures
The Group has applied relevant models to value               in the financial statements in relation to fair value
certain level 2 and level 3 financial instruments,           of financial instruments with reference to prevailing
which also involve significant management                    accounting standards.
judgement.

We identified the fair value of financial instruments
as a key audit matter because of the degree of
complexity involved in valuing certain financial
instruments and because of the degree of
judgement exercised by management in
determining the inputs used in the valuation
models.
170   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Independent Auditor’s Report



      Information Other Than the Consolidated Financial Statements and
      Auditor’s Report Thereon
      The Directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all the information included
      in the annual report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

      Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express
      any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

      In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
      information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated
      financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

      If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other
      information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

      Responsibilities of the Directors for the Consolidated Financial Statements
      The Directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair
      view in accordance with IFRSs issued by IASB and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies
      Ordinance, and for such internal control as the Directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of
      consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

      In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the Directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability
      to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going
      concern basis of accounting unless the Directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or
      have no realistic alternative but to do so.

      The Directors are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing the Group’s
      financial reporting process.

      Auditor ’ s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial
      Statements
      Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a
      whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that
      includes our opinion. This report is made solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume
      responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.

      Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance
      with ISAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error
      and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the
      economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2023   171




                                                                    Independent Auditor’s Report


As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional
scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

•   Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due
    to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks and obtain audit evidence
    that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material
    misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion,
    forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

•   Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
    appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
    Group’s internal control.

•   Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
    related disclosures made by the Directors.

•   Conclude on the appropriateness of the Directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based
    on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that
    may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a
    material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures
    in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our
    conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future
    events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

•   Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including
    the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and
    events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

•   Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business
    activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible
    for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit
    opinion.
172   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Independent Auditor’s Report


      We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the
      audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during
      our audit.

      We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
      regarding independence and communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be
      thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards
      applied.

      From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most
      significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the
      key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public
      disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be
      communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to
      outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

      The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Lee Lok Man.




      Certified Public Accountants

      8th Floor, Prince’s Building
      10 Chater Road
      Central, Hong Kong

      28 March 2024
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2023      173




Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2023
                                                                                 (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                    Note                   2023                   2022


Interest income                                                                       110,253                 101,983
Interest expense                                                                      (62,725)                (54,921)


NET INTEREST INCOME                                                 VI.1                47,528                  47,062


Fee and commission income                                                                 6,143                  5,521
Fee and commission expense                                                               (1,103)                  (730)


NET FEE AND COMMISSION INCOME                                       VI.2                  5,040                  4,791


Net trading gains                                                   VI.3                  7,396                  6,590
Net gains on financial investments                                  VI.4                  2,664                  2,008
Other operating income                                              VI.5                  1,136                    701


OPERATING INCOME                                                                        63,764                  61,152


Operating expenses                                                  VI.6               (20,159)                (17,668)
Expected credit losses                                              VI.7               (26,113)                (27,653)


PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION                                                                  17,492                  15,831

Income tax expense                                                  VI.10                (1,999)                (1,842)


PROFIT FOR THE YEAR                                                                     15,493                  13,989


Attributable to:
  Shareholders of the Bank                                                              15,048                  13,618
  Non-controlling interests                                                                445                     371




The notes on pages 180 to 317 form part of these consolidated financial statements.
174   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
      For the year ended 31 December 2023
      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                          Note               2023     2022


      Other comprehensive income, net of tax                              VI.40
      Item that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
      Changes in the fair value of financial assets designated
         to be measured at fair value through other
         comprehensive income                                                                  23       38
      Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss:
      Changes in the fair value of financial assets measured at
         fair value through other comprehensive income                                       1,040     (403)
      Allowance for ECLs of financial assets measured at fair value
         through other comprehensive income                                                    62     1,099
      Exchange difference from the translation of foreign operations                           93       900


      Other comprehensive income, net of tax                                                 1,218    1,634


      Total comprehensive income                                                            16,711   15,623


      Total comprehensive income attributable to:
        Shareholders of the Bank                                                            16,265   15,252
        Non-controlling interests                                                              446      371

      Earnings per share attributable to the shareholders
        of the Bank                                                       VI.11
        Basic (RMB)                                                                           0.57     0.53
        Diluted (RMB)                                                                         0.57     0.53




      The notes on pages 180 to 317 form part of these consolidated financial statements.
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2023      175




                                    Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                                                                                                     At 31 December 2023
                                                                                 (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                               31 December             31 December
                                                                      Note            2023                    2022


ASSETS
Cash and balances with the central bank                               VI.12            164,723                185,625
Precious metals                                                                          9,756                 13,860
Deposits with banks and other financial institutions                  VI.13             70,856                 43,461
Placements with banks and other financial institutions                VI.14              8,574                  9,581
Derivative financial assets                                           VI.15             21,953                 14,179
Financial assets purchased
under resale agreements                                               VI.16              74,595               15,886
Loans and advances to customers                                       VI.17           1,673,272            1,486,291
Financial investments                                                 VI.18
   – Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss                    233,141                189,020
   – Financial assets measured at amortised cost                                       463,311                368,792
   – Financial assets measured at fair value through other
        comprehensive income                                                           304,185                194,037
Fixed assets                                                          VI.20             24,741                 18,394
Right-of-use assets                                                   VI.21              4,904                  5,016
Intangible assets                                                     VI.22                670                    617
Deferred tax assets                                                   VI.23             21,184                 20,901
Other assets                                                          VI.24             68,014                 56,270


TOTAL ASSETS                                                                          3,143,879            2,621,930


LIABILITIES
Due to the central bank                                               VI.26             119,915               97,170
Deposits from banks and other financial institutions                  VI.27             358,654              241,814
Placements from banks and other financial institutions                VI.28              87,681               64,155
Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss            VI.29              13,432                   55
Derivative financial liabilities                                      VI.15              21,034               14,462
Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements                     VI.30              62,106                6,066
Customer deposits                                                     VI.31           1,868,659            1,681,443
Employee benefits payable                                             VI.32               5,985                5,786
Taxes payable                                                         VI.33               2,909                4,027
Provisions                                                            VI.34               1,523                1,838
Debt securities issued                                                VI.35             395,938              323,033
Lease liabilities                                                     VI.21               3,257                3,318
Other liabilities                                                     VI.36              13,209               12,833


TOTAL LIABILITIES                                                                     2,954,302            2,456,000




The notes on pages 180 to 317 form part of these consolidated financial statements.
176   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
      At 31 December 2023
      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                      31 December         31 December
                                                                              Note           2023                2022


      EQUITY
      Share capital                                                           VI.37            27,464              21,269
      Other equity instruments                                                VI.38            24,995              24,995
        – Perpetual bonds                                                                      24,995              24,995
      Capital reserve                                                         VI.39            38,570              32,289
      Other comprehensive income                                              VI.40             3,408               2,191
      Surplus reserve                                                         VI.41            12,546              11,075
      Statutory general reserve                                               VI.42            29,804              26,457
      Retained earnings                                                       VI.43            49,458              44,657


      Total equity attributable to shareholders of the Bank                                   186,245          162,933
      Non-controlling interests                                                                 3,332            2,997


      TOTAL EQUITY                                                                            189,577          165,930


      TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY                                                          3,143,879        2,621,930

      The consolidated financial statements was approved by the board of directors on 28 March 2024:




                      Lu Jianqiang                       Zhang Rongsen                         Peng Zhiyuan
                       Chairman                    President, Principal in-charge              Director of the
                                                            of Finance                      Financial Department



      The notes on pages 180 to 317 form part of these consolidated financial statements.
                                                                                                                                                             Annual Report 2023             177




                                                   Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
                                                                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2023
                                                                                                                                     (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)




                                                                               Attributable to equity holders of the Bank
                                                                Other                     Other                         Statutory                                  Non-
                                                   Share        equity    Capital comprehensive           Surplus         general    Retained                Controlling
                                          Note    capital instruments     reserve       income            reserve         reserve    earnings    Subtotal      interests    Total equity


Balance at 1 January 2023                         21,269        24,995    32,289             2,191         11,075           26,457     44,657    162,933          2,997         165,930

Changes in equity for the year

1. Total comprehensive income                          –             –         –             1,217               –               –     15,048     16,265            446          16,711
2. Capital invested by shareholders
    – Ordinary shares invested by
        ordinary shareholders             VI.37    6,195             –     6,281                 –               –               –          –     12,476               –         12,476
3. Appropriation of profits
    – Appropriation to surplus reserve    VI.41        –             –         –                 –           1,471               –     (1,471)          –              –               –
    – Appropriation to statutory
        general reserve                   VI.42        –             –         –                 –               –           3,347     (3,347)          –              –               –
    – Distributions to ordinary
        shareholders                      VI.43        –             –         –                 –               –               –     (4,466)     (4,466)         (111)         (4,577)
    – Distributions to perpetual
        bond holders                      VI.43        –             –         –                 –               –               –       (963)       (963)             –           (963)


Balance at 31 December 2023                       27,464        24,995    38,570             3,408         12,546           29,804     49,458    186,245          3,332         189,577


Balance at 1 January 2022                         21,269        39,953    32,018               557           9,743          23,802     36,827    164,169          2,714         166,883

Changes in equity for the year

1. Total comprehensive income                          –             –         –             1,634               –               –     13,618     15,252            371          15,623
2. Capital deduction by shareholders
    – Capital deduction by other equity
        instruments holders               VI.38        –       (14,958)      271                 –               –               –          –     (14,687)             –        (14,687)
3. Appropriation of profits
    – Appropriation to surplus reserve    VI.41        –             –         –                 –           1,332               –     (1,332)          –              –               –
    – Appropriation to statutory
        general reserve                   VI.42        –             –         –                 –               –           2,655     (2,655)          –              –               –
    – Distributions to ordinary
        shareholders                      VI.43        –             –         –                 –               –               –          –           –            (88)            (88)
    – Distributions to preference
        shareholders                      VI.43        –             –         –                 –               –               –       (838)       (838)             –           (838)
    – Distributions to perpetual
        bond holders                      VI.42        –             –         –                 –               –               –       (963)       (963)             –           (963)


Balance at 31 December 2022                       21,269        24,995    32,289             2,191         11,075           26,457     44,657    162,933          2,997         165,930

The notes on pages 180 to 317 form part of these consolidated financial statements.
178   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Consolidated Cash Flow Statement
      For the year ended 31 December 2023
      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                               2023         2022


      Cash flows from operating activities:
      Profit before taxation                                                                 17,492      15,831
      Adjustments for:
        – Expected credit losses                                                              26,113      27,653
        – Depreciation and amortisation                                                        2,112        1,862
        – Interest income from financial investments                                         (21,136)    (19,183)
        – Net investment income                                                               (6,664)      (6,489)
        – Net (gains)/losses from changes in fair value                                         (294)       2,261
        – Net foreign exchange gains                                                            (177)        (190)
        – Net gains on disposal of fixed assets                                                  (11)           (3)
        – Interest expense on debt securities issued                                           9,328        8,445
        – Interest expense on lease liabilities                                                  146          139
        – Deferred tax expense                                                                  (658)      (3,070)

      Net changes in operating assets and operating liabilities:
      Net decrease/(increase) in balances with the central bank                                 800      (17,144)
      Net (increase)/decrease in deposits with banks and
        other financial institutions                                                          (3,598)        304
      Net decrease/(increase) in placements with banks and
        other financial institutions                                                           1,631      (5,856)
      Net decrease in financial assets purchased under
        resale agreements                                                                          –       1,035
      Net increase in loans and advances to customers                                       (199,876)   (186,411)
      Net (increase)/decrease in financial assets held for trading                           (21,888)     32,995
      Net decrease in other operating assets                                                  11,933       5,642
      Net increase in due to the central bank                                                 22,526      46,139
      Net increase in deposits from banks and other
        financial institutions                                                              115,303        5,469
      Net increase in placements from banks and other
        financial institutions                                                                 7,897     10,713
      Net increase in financial assets sold under
        repurchase agreements                                                                55,995       6,047
      Net increase in customer deposits                                                     181,502     260,702
      Net increase/(decrease) in other operating liabilities                                    504     (14,755)


      Net cash flows generated from operating activities
        before taxation                                                                     198,980     172,136

      Income tax paid                                                                         (4,613)     (4,371)


      Net cash generated from operating activities                                          194,367     167,765



      The notes on pages 180 to 317 form part of these consolidated financial statements.
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2023      179




                                                             Consolidated Cash Flow Statement
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2023
                                                                                 (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                    Note                   2023                   2022


Cash flows from investing activities:
Dividends received                                                                            6                       8
Proceeds from disposal of fixed assets                                                      966                     185
Payment for acquisition of fixed assets, intangible assets
  and other long-term assets                                                              (9,880)               (5,391)
Investment returns received                                                               28,154               24,473
Proceeds from disposal of investments                                                  1,529,262            1,468,888
Payment for acquisition of investments                                                (1,749,967)          (1,618,364)


Net cash used in investing activities                                                  (201,459)             (130,201)


Cash flows from financing activities:
Proceeds from issuance of shares                                                         12,476                       –
Proceeds from issuance of debt securities                         VI.44 (2)             535,292               373,048
Repayments of principal on debt securities issued                 VI.44 (2)            (462,592)             (369,834)
Repayments of interest on debt securities issued                  VI.44 (2)              (9,202)                 (7,926)
Repayments of other equity instruments                                                        –                (14,687)
Payment for dividend distribution                                 VI.44 (2)              (5,683)                 (2,000)
Repayments of principal element of lease liabilities              VI.44 (2)                (705)                   (646)
Repayments of interest element of lease liabilities               VI.44 (2)                (146)                   (139)


Net cash generated from/(used in) financing activities                                   69,440                (22,184)


Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                                365                  1,543


Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                62,713                 16,923

Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year            VI.44 (1)             107,748                 90,825


Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year                  VI.44 (1)             170,461               107,748


Net cash flows from operating activities include:
  Interest received                                                                       85,814                80,947
  Interest paid                                                                          (45,527)              (41,786)




The notes on pages 180 to 317 form part of these consolidated financial statements.
180   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement
      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      I            General Information
                   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. (the “Bank”) is a national joint-stock commercial bank established on
                   the basis of the original Zhejiang Commercial Bank with the approval from the original China Banking
                   Regulatory Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the original CBRC”) and the original Zhejiang
                   Commission of China Banking Regulatory Commission (Zhe Yin Jian Fu [2004] No. 48). The Bank
                   obtained the Finance License (No. B0010H133010001) with the approval from the original CBRC. On
                   26 July 2004, the Bank completed the change of registration in Zhejiang Administration for Industry
                   and Commerce and obtained the Business License (No. 330000000013295) in Zhejiang Province, the
                   People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”). On 7 November 2016, the Bank obtained the Uniform Social
                   Credit Code (No.91330000761336668H). The registered address is 1788 Hongning Road, Xiaoshan
                   District, Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province.

                   The Bank was listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on 30 March 2016 with stock code of 2016, the
                   Bank was listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange on 26 November 2019 with stock code of 601916. At
                   31 December 2023, the Bank’s registered capital is RMB27,464,635,963.

                   At 31 December 2023, the Bank has established 342 branches in 22 provinces (autonomous regions
                   or municipalities) and Hong Kong in China, including 72 branches (30 of them are tier-one branches),
                   2 branch-level specialized institution and 268 sub-branches. The principal activities of the Bank include
                   corporate and retail banking, treasury business, and other banking service.

                   Zhejiang Zheyin Financial Leasing Co., Ltd. (“Zheyin Financial Leasing”) was established on 18 January
                   2017. At 31 December 2023, the registered capital of Zheyin Financial Leasing is RMB4 billion. Since the
                   Bank has control over Zheyin Financial Leasing, the Bank has included it in the scope of the consolidated
                   financial statements. The Bank and its subsidiary, Zheyin Financial Leasing, are collectively referred to as
                   “the Group”.

      II           Basis of Preparation
      1            Statement of Compliance with the International Financial Reporting Standards
                  These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the International Financial Reporting
                  Standards (“IFRSs”) and Interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Board
                  (“IASB”), applicable disclosure requirements of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the
                  Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies
                  Ordinance (Chapter 622).

      2            Basis of Preparation
                   The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis.

                   The consolidated financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention, except
                   for precious metals, derivative financial instruments, lease-in of precious metals in account caption of
                   placements from banks and other financial institutions, financial assets and financial liabilities measured
                   at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”) and financial assets measured at fair value through other
                   comprehensive income (“FVOCI”), as further explained in the respective accounting policies below.

                   The preparation of financial statements in conformity with IFRSs requires management to make
                   judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of policies and reported amounts of
                   assets and liabilities, income and expenses. Actual results may differ from these estimates. Judgements
                   made by management in the application of IFRSs that have significant effect on the financial statements
                   and major sources of estimation uncertainty are discussed in Note V.
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2023      181




                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


III   New Standards or amendments and forthcoming requirements
1     Impact of Effective International Financial Reporting Standards
      The following new and amended to IFRSs (including IAS and its amendments and IFRIC interpretations)
      issued by the International Accounting Standards Board take effect for the current accounting period
      beginning on or after 1 January 2023:

      •         Amendments to IAS 8, Definition of Accounting Estimate
      •         Amendments to IAS 1, Presentation of financial statements and IFRS Practice Statement 2,
                Disclosure of Accounting Policies;
      •         Amendments to IAS 12, Deferred tax related to assets and liabilities arising from a single
                transaction;
      •         Amendments to IAS 12, Income taxes: International tax reform – Pillar Two model rules.

      The Group has not applied any new standard or interpretation that is not yet effective for the current
      accounting period. Impacts of the adoption of the new and amended IFRSs (including IAS and its
      amendments and IFRIC interpretations) are discussed below:

(1)   Amendments to IAS 8, Accounting policies, changes in accounting estimates and errors: Definition of
      Accounting Estimate
      The amendments provide further guidance on the distinction between changes in accounting policies and
      changes in accounting estimates.

      The amendments do not have a material impact on these financial statements as the Group’s approach
      in distinguishing changes in accounting policies and changes in accounting estimates is consistent with
      the amendments.

(2)   Amendments to IAS 1, Presentation of financial statements and IFRS Practice Statement 2, Disclosure
      of Accounting Policies
      IAS 1 and IFRS Practice Statement 2 Amendments provide guidance to help entities apply materiality
      judgements to accounting policy disclosures. The amendments replace the requirement for entities to
      disclose their “significant” accounting policies with a requirement to disclose their “material” accounting
      policies. The amendments add guidance on how entities apply the concept of materiality in making
      decisions about accounting policy disclosures.

      The adoption of the amendment has not had a significant impact on the Group’s financial position and
      operating results.
182   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      III          New Standards or amendments and forthcoming requirements
                   (continued)
      1            Impact of Effective International Financial Reporting Standards (continued)
      (3)          Amendments to IAS 12, Deferred tax related to assets and liabilities arising from a single transaction
                   The amendments narrow the scope of the initial recognition exemption such that it does not apply to
                   transactions that give rise to equal and offsetting temporary differences on initial recognition such as
                   leases and decommissioning liabilities. For leases and decommissioning liabilities, the associated deferred
                   tax assets and liabilities are required to be recognised from the beginning of the earliest comparative
                   period presented, with any cumulative effect recognised as an adjustment to retained earnings or other
                   components of equity at that date. For all other transactions, the amendments are applied to those
                   transactions that occur after the beginning of the earliest period presented.

                   Prior to the amendments, the Group did not apply the initial recognition exemption to lease transactions
                   and had recognised the related deferred tax, except that the Group previously determined the temporary
                   difference arising from a right-of-use asset and the related lease liability on a net basis on the basis they
                   arise from a single transaction. Following the amendments, the Group has determined the temporary
                   differences in relation to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities separately. The change primarily impacts
                   disclosures of components of deferred tax assets in the financial statements, but does not impact
                   the deferred tax balances presented in the consolidated statement of financial position as the related
                   deferred tax balances qualify for offsetting under IAS 12.

                   The adoption of the amendment has not had a significant impact on the Group’s financial position and
                   operating results.

      (4)          Amendments to IAS 12, Income taxes: International tax reform – Pillar Two model rules .
                   The amendments introduce a temporary mandatory exception from deferred tax accounting for the
                   income tax arising from tax laws enacted or substantively enacted to implement the Pillar Two model
                   rules published by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (“OECD”), including tax
                   laws that implement qualified domestic minimum top-up taxes described in those rules. The amendments
                   also introduce disclosure requirements about such tax including the estimated tax exposure to Pillar
                   Two income taxes. The amendments are immediately effective upon issuance and require retrospective
                   application.

                   The adoption of the amendment has not had a significant impact on the Group’s financial position and
                   operating results.
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2023      183




                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


III   New Standards or amendments and forthcoming requirements
      (continued)
2     Impact of International Financial Reporting Standards Issued but not yet Effective
                                                                                             Effective date


      Amendments to IAS 1 (2020)       Presentation of financial statements:                 1 January 2024
                                         Classification of liabilities as current or
                                         non-current (“2020 amendments”)
      Amendments to IAS 1 (2022)       Presentation of financial statements:                 1 January 2024
                                         Non-current liabilities with covenants
                                         (“2022 amendments”)
      Amendments to IFRS 16            Leases: Lease liability in a sale and leaseback       1 January 2024
      Amendments to IAS 7 and          Supplier finance arrangements                         1 January 2024
       IFRS 7
      Amendments to IAS 1              The effects of changes in foreign exchange rates: 1 January 2024
                                         Lack of exchangeability

      The above new and amendments to IFRSs have not been adopted in advance in these consolidated
      financial statements. The Group anticipates that the application of all new and amendments to IFRSs will
      have no material impact on the consolidated financial statements in the foreseeable future.

IV    Principal Accounting Policies
1     Accounting Year
      The accounting year starts on 1 January and ends on 31 December.

2     Functional Currency
      The consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), being the functional and
      presentation currency of the Bank’s operations in the Chinese Mainland. Each entity operating outside
      the Chinese Mainland determines its own functional currency and the financial statements of each
      entity are presented using that functional currency. Their financial statements have been translated in
      accordance with Note IV.5.

3     Criteria for Control and the Preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements
      The scope of consolidated financial statements is based on control and the consolidated financial
      statements comprise the Bank and its subsidiaries (including structured entities). Control exists when
      the investor has all of following: power over the investee; exposure, or rights, to variable returns from
      its involvement with the investee and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the
      investee. When assessing whether the Group has power, only substantive rights (held by the Group and
      other parties) are considered. The financial position, financial performance and cash flows of subsidiaries
      are included in the consolidated financial statements from the date that control commences until the date
      that control ceases.
184   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      IV           Principal Accounting Policies (continued)
      3            Criteria for Control and the Preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements
                   (continued)
                   Non-controlling interests of a subsidiary are presented separately in the consolidated statement of
                   financial position within equity, and net profit or loss attributable to non-controlling shareholders is
                   presented separately in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.
                   When the amount of loss for the current period attributable to the non-controlling interest of a subsidiary
                   exceeds the non-controlling interest’s portion of the opening balance of equity holders’ equity of the
                   subsidiary, the excess is allocated against the non-controlling interests.

                   When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their
                   accounting period and accounting policies in line with the Group’s accounting period and accounting
                   policies. Intra-group assets, liabilities, equities, revenue, expense and cash flows arising from intra-group
                   transactions are eliminated in full in preparing the consolidated financial statements.

      4            Determination of Cash and Cash Equivalents
                   Cash and cash equivalents comprise monetary assets that can be readily drawn on demand, and short-
                   term and highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into known amounts of cash and are
                   subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, such as cash, surplus reserves with the central bank,
                   deposits or placements with banks and other financial institutions and financial assets purchased under
                   resale agreements with an original tenor of less than 3 months.

      5            Foreign Currency Business and Translation of Foreign Currency Statements
                   Foreign currency transactions are initially recorded in RMB using the spot exchange rates at the dates of
                   the transactions.

                   Monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are translated to RMB at the spot exchange rate at the
                   balance sheet date. The resulting exchange differences are generally recognized in profit or loss, unless
                   they arise from the re-translation of the principal and interest of specific borrowings for the acquisition
                   or construction of qualifying assets. Non-monetary items that are measured at historical cost in foreign
                   currencies are translated to RMB using the exchange rate at the transaction date. Non-monetary items
                   that are measured at fair value in foreign currencies are translated using the exchange rate at the date
                   the fair value is determined. The resulting exchange differences are recognized in profit or loss, except for
                   the differences arising from the re-translation of non-monetary items denominated in foreign currencies at
                   fair value through other comprehensive income, which are recognized in other comprehensive income.

                   In translating the financial statements of a foreign operation, assets and liabilities of foreign operation
                   are translated to RMB at the spot exchange rate at the balance sheet date. Shareholders’ equity items,
                   excluding retained earnings and the translation differences in other comprehensive income, are translated
                   to RMB at the spot exchange rates at the transaction dates. Income and expenses of foreign operation
                   are translated to RMB at the spot exchange rates or the rates that approximate the spot exchange rates
                   at the transaction dates. The resulting translation differences are recognized in other comprehensive
                   income. The translation differences accumulated in other comprehensive income with respect to a foreign
                   operation are transferred to profit or loss in the period when the foreign operation is disposed.
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2023      185




                                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                     (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


IV    Principal Accounting Policies (continued)
6     Financial Instruments
      Financial instruments are contracts that form the financial assets of one party and the financial liabilities
      or equity instruments of other parties.

(1)   Initial recognition and measurement of financial assets and financial liabilities
      Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognized in the consolidated statement of financial position
      when the entity becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument.

      Financial assets and financial liabilities are measured initially at fair value. For financial assets and financial
      liabilities measured at FVTPL, any related directly attributable transaction costs are charged to profit
      or loss; for other categories of financial assets and financial liabilities, any related directly attributable
      transaction costs are included in their initial costs.

(2)   Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets
      Classification of financial assets
      The classification of financial assets is generally based on the business model in which a financial asset is
      managed and its contractual cash flow characteristics. On initial recognition, a financial asset is classified
      as measured at amortised cost (“AC”), at FVOCI, or at FVTPL.

      Financial assets are not reclassified subsequent to their initial recognition unless the Group changes its
      business model for managing financial assets in which case all affected financial assets are reclassified
      on the first day of the first reporting period following the change in the business model.

      A financial asset is measured at amortised cost if it meets both of the following conditions and is not
      designated as measured at FVTPL:

      –          it is held within a business model whose objective is to hold assets to collect contractual cash
                 flows; and

      –          its contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of
                 principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

      A debt investment is measured at FVOCI if it meets both of the following conditions and is not designated
      as measured at FVTPL:

      –          it is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual
                 cash flows and selling financial assets; and

      –          its contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of
                 principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.
186   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      IV           Principal Accounting Policies (continued)
      6            Financial Instruments (continued)
      (2)          Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (continued)
                   Classification of financial assets (continued)
                   On initial recognition of an equity investment that is not held for trading, the Group may irrevocably
                   elect to present subsequent changes in the investment’s fair value in other comprehensive income. This
                   election is made on an investment-by-investment basis, and the investment conforms to the definition of
                   equity instrument from the perspective of the issuer.

                   All financial assets not classified as measured at amortised cost or FVOCI as described above are
                   measured at FVTPL. On initial recognition, the Group may irrevocably designate a financial asset that
                   otherwise meets the requirements to be measured at amortised cost or at FVOCI as measured at FVTPL
                   if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting mismatch that would otherwise arise.

                   The business model refers to how the Group manages its financial assets in order to generate cash
                   flows. That is, the Group’s business model determines whether cash flows will result from collecting
                   contractual cash flows, selling financial assets or both. The Group determines the business model for
                   managing the financial assets according to the facts and based on the specific business objective for
                   managing the financial assets determined by the Group’s key management personnel.

                   In assessing whether the contractual cash flows on specific dates are solely payments of principal and
                   interest based on principal unpaid, the Group considers the contractual terms of the instrument. For
                   the purposes of this assessment, ‘principal’ is defined as the fair value of the financial asset on initial
                   recognition. ‘Interest’ is defined as consideration for the time value of money and for the credit risk
                   associated with the principal amount outstanding during a particular period of time and for other basic
                   lending risks and costs, as well as a profit margin. The Group also assesses whether the financial asset
                   contains a contractual term that could change the timing or amount of contractual cash flows such that it
                   would not meet this condition of contractual cash flows.

                   Subsequent measurement of financial assets
                   –            Financial assets measured at FVTPL

                                These financial assets are subsequently measured at fair value after initial recognition. Net
                                gains and losses, including any interest or dividend income, are recognized in profit or loss
                                unless the financial assets are part of a hedging relationship.

                   –            Financial assets measured at amortised cost

                                These assets are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method
                                after initial recognition. A gain or loss on a financial asset that is measured at amortised cost
                                and is not part of a hedging relationship shall be recognized in profit or loss when the financial
                                asset is derecognized, through the amortisation process in effective interest method or in order
                                to recognize impairment gains or losses.
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2023      187




                                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


IV    Principal Accounting Policies (continued)
6     Financial Instruments (continued)
(2)   Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (continued)
      Subsequent measurement of financial assets (continued)
      –        Debt instruments measured at FVOCI

               These assets are subsequently measured at fair value after initial recognition. Interest
               income calculated using the effective interest method, impairment and foreign exchange
               gains and losses are recognized in profit or loss. Other net gains and losses are recognized
               in other comprehensive income. On derecognition, gains and losses accumulated in other
               comprehensive income are reclassified to profit or loss.

      –        Equity instruments measured at FVOCI

               These assets are subsequently measured at fair value. Dividends are recognized as income in
               profit or loss. Other net gains and losses are recognized in other comprehensive income. On
               derecognition, gains and losses accumulated in other comprehensive income are reclassified to
               retained earnings.

(3)   Classification and subsequent measurement of financial liabilities
      Financial liabilities are classified as measured at FVTPL, measured at amortised cost and financial
      guarantees.

      –        Financial liabilities measured at FVTPL

               A financial liability is classified as measured at FVTPL if it is classified as held-for-trading
               (including a derivative financial instrument) or it is designated as such on initial recognition
               (Including lease-in of precious metals in account caption of placements from banks and other
               financial institutions).

               A financial liability is classified as held for trading if: (i) it has been acquired principally for the
               purpose of repurchasing it in the near term; or (ii) on initial recognition it is part of a portfolio
               of identified financial instruments that the Group manages together and has a recent actual
               pattern of short-term profit-taking; or (iii) it is a derivative, except for a derivative that is a
               financial guarantee contract or a designated and effective hedging instrument.

               A financial liability may be designated as measured at FVTPL upon initial recognition if: (i) such
               designation eliminates or significantly reduces accounting mismatches that would otherwise
               arise; or (ii) the financial liability forms part of a group of financial assets or financial liabilities or
               both, which is managed and its performance is evaluated on a fair value basis, in accordance
               with the Group’s documented risk management or investment strategy, and information about
               the grouping is provided to key management internally on that basis.

               Financial liabilities measured at FVTPL (including derivative financial liability) are subsequently
               measured at fair value after initial recognition and net gains and losses (including any interest
               expense) are recognized in profit or loss, unless the financial liabilities are part of a hedging
               relationship.
188   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      IV           Principal Accounting Policies (continued)
      6            Financial Instruments (continued)
      (3)          Classification and subsequent measurement of financial liabilities (continued)
                   –            Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost

                                A financial liability other than a financial liability measured at FVTPL, a financial liability
                                not meeting the criteria for derecognition or arising from continuing involvement, credit
                                commitments or financial guarantees are recognized at fair value and subsequently measured
                                at amortised cost using the effective interest method after initial recognition.

      (4)          Offsetting financial instruments
                   Financial assets and financial liabilities are generally presented separately in the consolidated statement
                   of financial position and are not offset. However, a financial asset and a financial liability are offset and
                   the net amount is presented in the consolidated statement of financial position when both of the following
                   conditions are satisfied:

                   –            the Group currently has a legally enforceable right to set off the recognized amounts; and

                   –            the Group intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realize the financial asset and settle the
                                financial liability simultaneously.

      (5)          Derecognition of financial instruments
                   A financial asset is derecognized when one of the following conditions is met:

                   –            the Group’s contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial asset expire;

                   –            the financial asset has been transferred and the Group transfers substantially all of the risks
                                and rewards of ownership of the financial asset; or

                   –            the financial asset has been transferred, although the Group neither transfers nor retains
                                substantially all of the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial asset, it does not retain
                                control over the transferred asset.

                   Where a transfer of a financial asset in its entirety meets the criteria for derecognition, the difference
                   between the two amounts below is recognized in profit and loss:

                   –            the carrying amount of the financial asset transferred;

                   –            the sum of the consideration received from the transfer. For a debt instrument financial asset
                                measured at FVOCI, the sum of the consideration received includes the cumulative gain or loss
                                recognized in other comprehensive income.
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2023      189




                                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                    (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


IV    Principal Accounting Policies (continued)
6     Financial Instruments (continued)
(5)   Derecognition of financial instruments (continued)
      Asset securitization
      As part of its operational activities, the Group securitizes financial assets, generally through the sale of
      these assets to structured entities which issue securities to investors. Further details on prerequisites for
      derecognition of financial assets are set out above. When a securitization of financial assets does not
      qualify for derecognition, the relevant financial assets are not derecognized, and the consideration paid
      by third parties are recorded as a financial liability; the Group neither retains nor transfers substantially all
      of the risks and rewards of ownership of the securitized financial assets, and it retains control over the
      transferred assets, the Group continues to recognize the transferred assets in the consolidated statement
      of financial position to the extent of its continuing involvement, determined by the extent to which it is
      exposed to changes in the value of the securitized assets, and recognize the corresponding liabilities.

      Sales of financial assets on condition of repurchase
      The derecognition of financial assets sold on condition of repurchase is determined by the economic
      substance of the transaction. If a financial asset is sold under an agreement to repurchase the same or
      substantially the same asset at a fixed price or at the sale price plus a reasonable return, the Group will
      not derecognize the asset. If a financial asset is sold together with an option to repurchase the financial
      asset at its fair value at the time of repurchase (in the case of the transferor selling such a financial
      asset), the Group will derecognize the financial asset.

      The Group derecognizes a financial liability (or part of it) only when its contractual obligation (or part of it)
      is extinguished.

(6)   Impairment of financial assets
      The Group recognizes loss allowances for expected credit losses (“ECL”) on:

      –         Financial assets measured at amortised cost;

      –         Debt instruments measured at FVOCI;

      –         Lease receivables; and

      –         Credit commitments and financial guarantee contracts.

      Other financial assets measured at fair value, including financial investments measured at FVTPL, equity
      investments designated as measured at FVOCI and derivative financial assets, are not subject to the ECL
      assessment.
190   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      IV           Principal Accounting Policies (continued)
      6            Financial Instruments (continued)
      (6)          Impairment of financial assets (continued)
                   Measurement of ECLs
                   ECLs are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. Credit losses are measured as the present
                   value of all cash shortfalls (i.e. the difference between the cash flows due to the entity in accordance with
                   the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive).

                   The maximum period considered when estimating ECLs is the maximum contractual period (including
                   extension options) over which the Group is exposed to credit risk.

                   Lifetime ECLs are the ECLs that result from all possible default events over the expected life of a financial
                   instrument.

                   12-month ECLs are the portion of ECLs that result from default events that are possible within the 12
                   months after the balance sheet date (or a shorter period if the expected life of the instrument is less than
                   12 months) and are parts of lifetime ECLs.

                   The Group classifies financial instruments into three stages and makes provisions for ECLs in accordance
                   with the accounting policies described in Note XIII.1 Credit Risk.

                   Presentation of allowance for ECLs
                   ECLs are remeasured at each balance sheet date to reflect changes in the financial instrument’s credit
                   risk since initial recognition. Any change in the ECL amount is recognized as an impairment gain or loss
                   in profit or loss. The Group recognizes an impairment gain or loss for financial instruments measured
                   at amortised cost with a corresponding adjustment to their carrying amount through a loss allowance
                   account; for debt instruments that are measured at FVOCI, the ECL allowance is recognized in other
                   comprehensive income. The Group recognizes ECL allowances for credit commitments and financial
                   guarantee contracts through provisions (allowance for ECLs on credit commitments).

      (7)          Write-off of financial assets
                   The carrying value of a financial asset is written-off (either partially or in full) to the extent that there is
                   no realistic prospect of recovery. A write-off constitutes a derecognition event. This is generally the
                   case when the Group determines that the debtor does not have assets or sources of income that could
                   generate sufficient cash flows to repay the amounts subject to the write-off. However, financial assets
                   that are written off could still be subject to enforcement activities in order to comply with the Group’s
                   procedures for recovery of amounts due.

                   Subsequent recoveries of an asset that was previously written off are recognized as a reversal of
                   impairment in profit or loss in the period in which the recovery occurs.
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2023      191




                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                  (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


IV    Principal Accounting Policies (continued)
6     Financial Instruments (continued)
(8)   Modification of financial assets contracts
      In some cases (such as renegotiating loans), the Group may renegotiate or otherwise modify the financial
      assets contracts. The Group would assess whether the new contractual terms are substantially different
      to the original terms. If the terms are substantially different, the Group derecognizes the original financial
      asset and recognizes a ‘new’ financial asset under the revised terms. If the modification does not result
      in substantial changes, but lead to changes in contractual cash flows, the Group assesses whether
      a significant increase in credit risk has occurred, comparing the risk of a default occurring under the
      revised terms at balance sheet date with that at the date of initial recognition under the original terms.

(9)   Equity Instrument
      An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of the Group after
      deducting the liabilities. A financial instrument is an equity instrument if, and only if, both conditions
      below are met: (i) the financial instrument includes no contractual obligation to deliver cash or another
      financial asset to another entity, or to exchange financial assets or financial liabilities with another entity
      under conditions that are potentially unfavorable to the Group; and (ii) if the financial instrument will or
      may be settled in the Group’s own equity instruments, it is a non-derivative instrument that includes no
      contractual obligations for the Group to deliver a variable number of its own equity instruments; or a
      derivative that will be settled only by the Group exchanging a fixed amount of cash or another financial
      asset for a fixed number of its own equity instruments.

      The consideration received from the issuance of equity instruments net of directly attributable transaction
      costs is recognized in equity.

7     Preference Shares and Perpetual Bonds
      At initial recognition, the Group classifies the preference shares and perpetual bonds issued or their
      components as financial liabilities or equity instruments based on their contractual terms and their
      economic substance after considering the definition of financial liabilities and equity instruments.

      Preference shares and perpetual bonds issued that are classified as equity instruments are recognized
      in equity based on the actual amount received. Any distribution of dividends or interests during the
      instruments’ duration is treated as profit appropriation. When the preference shares and perpetual bonds
      are redeemed by the Group according to the contractual terms, the redemption price is charged to
      equity.

8     Precious Metals
      Precious metals comprise gold, silver and other precious metals. Precious metals that are not related to
      the Group’s precious metals trading activities are initially measured at acquisition cost and subsequently
      measured at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Precious metals acquired by the Group for trading
      purposes are initially measured at fair value and subsequent changes in fair value at the balance sheet
      date recorded in profit or loss.

      The Group records the precious metals received as a liability. The precious metals deposited with the
      Group are measured at fair value both on initial recognition and in subsequent measurement.
192   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      IV           Principal Accounting Policies (continued)
      9            Derivative Financial Instruments
                   Derivative financial instruments are initially recognized at fair value on the date on which a derivative
                   contract is entered into and are subsequently remeasured at fair value. Derivatives are carried as assets
                   when the fair value is positive and as liabilities when the fair value is negative.

                   If the host contract included in a hybrid contract is an asset within the scope of IFRS 9 – Financial
                   Instruments, the embedded derivative is not separated from the host contract of the financial asset,
                   instead the hybrid financial instrument as a whole is classified under IFRS 9. If the host contract included
                   in a hybrid contract is not an asset within the scope of IFRS 9, when their economic characteristics and
                   risks of an embedded derivative is not closely related to those of the host contract, a separate instrument
                   with the same terms as the embedded derivative would meet the definition of a derivative, and the hybrid
                   instrument is not measured at FVTPL, then such an embedded derivative is separated from the hybrid
                   contract and accounted for as a derivative. The embedded derivative is measured at fair value with any
                   changes in fair value recognized in profit or loss.

                   Any gains or losses arising from changes in fair value on derivatives that do not qualify for hedge
                   accounting are recognized directly in profit or loss.

      10           Repurchase and Reverse Purchase Transactions (including securities borrowing
                   and lending)
                   Assets sold under agreements to repurchase at a specified future date are not derecognized from the
                   consolidated statement of financial position. The corresponding proceed received, including accrued
                   interest, is recognized in the consolidated statement of financial position as “financial assets sold under
                   purchase agreements”. The difference between the selling and repurchase prices is treated as an interest
                   expense and is accrued over the life of the agreement using the effective interest method.

                   Conversely, assets purchased under agreements to resell at a specified future date are not recognized in
                   the consolidated statement of financial position. The corresponding cash paid, including accrued interest,
                   is recognized in the consolidated statement of financial position as “financial assets purchased under
                   resale agreements”. The difference between the purchase and resale prices is treated as an interest
                   income and is accrued over the life of the agreement using the effective interest method.

                   Securities borrowing and lending transactions are usually collateralized by securities or cash. The transfer
                   of the securities to counterparties is only reflected in the consolidated statement of financial position
                   if the risks and rewards of ownership are also transferred. Cash advanced or received as collateral is
                   recorded as an asset or liability.

                   Securities borrowed are not recognized in the consolidated statement of financial position, unless they
                   are then sold to third parties, in which case the obligation to return the securities is recorded as a
                   financial liability held for trading purposes and measured at fair value with any gains or losses included in
                   profit or loss.
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2023      193




                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                               (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


IV   Principal Accounting Policies (continued)
11   Investment in Subsidiaries
     In the Bank’s statement of financial position, long-term equity investment in subsidiaries are accounted
     for using the cost method for subsequent measurement. Dividends declared by subsidiaries are
     recognized in profit or loss except for cash dividends or profit distributions declared but not yet
     distributed that have been included in the price or consideration paid-in obtaining the investments. In
     the Bank’s statement of financial position, interests in subsidiaries are accounted for using the cost less
     impairment losses (Note IV.16).

     In the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position, subsidiaries are accounted for in accordance
     with policies described in Note IV.3.

12   Fixed Assets and Construction in Progress
     Fixed assets are tangible assets held by the Group for operation and administration purposes with
     useful lives more than one year. Construction-in-progress represents properties and buildings under
     construction and are transferred to fixed assets when they are ready for their intended use.

     Fixed assets are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses (Note IV.16) in the
     consolidated statement of financial position. Construction-in-progress is stated cost less impairment
     losses (Note IV.16) in the consolidated statement of financial position.

     Costs of a purchased fixed asset comprise purchase price, related taxes, and any directly attributable
     expenditures for bringing the asset to working condition for its intended use. Costs of a self-constructed
     fixed asset comprise construction materials, direct labor costs, capitalized borrowing cost and those
     expenditures necessarily incurred for bringing the asset to working condition for its intended use.

     Where the individual component parts of an item of fixed assets have different useful lives or provide
     benefits to the Group in different patterns, each part is depreciated separately. They are accounted for
     as separate items of fixed assets.

     Any subsequent costs including the cost of replacing part of an item of fixed assets are recognized as
     assets when it is probable that the economic benefits associated with the costs will flow to the Group,
     and the carrying amount of the replaced part is derecognized. The costs of the day-to-day servicing of
     fixed assets are recognized in profit or loss as incurred.
194   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      IV           Principal Accounting Policies (continued)
      12           Fixed Assets and Construction in Progress (continued)
                   The cost of a fixed asset, less its estimated net residual value and accumulated impairment losses,
                   is depreciated using the straight-line method over its estimated useful life. The estimated useful lives,
                   estimated residual value and depreciation rate are as follows:

                                                                      Estimated              Estimated           Depreciation
                                                                     useful lives        residual value                  rate


                   Properties and buildings                         10 – 30 years                    5%       3.17% – 9.50%
                   Office and electronic equipment                    3 – 7 years                    5%     13.57% – 31.67%
                   Motor vehicles                                         5 years                    5%              19.00%

                   Fixed assets in the operating leases are used for the Group’s operating lease activities. The Group
                   determines the depreciation period and depreciation method based on actual conditions. The
                   depreciation is accrued on a straight-line basis based on the duration of the lease.

                   The estimated useful lives, estimated net residual value and depreciation method of fixed assets are
                   reviewed at least at each year-end.

                   Gains or losses arising from the disposal or retirement of fixed assets are determined as the difference
                   between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and are recognized in profit or
                   loss on the date of disposal or retirement.

      13           Intangible Assets
                   Intangible assets are stated in consolidated statement of financial position at cost less accumulated
                   amortisation (where the estimated useful life is finite) and impairment losses (Note IV.16). For an intangible
                   asset with finite useful life, its cost less estimated net residual value and accumulated impairment losses
                   is amortised on a straight-line basis over its estimated useful live.

                   The Group amortizes computer software with a licensed period during the authorized period, otherwise it
                   is amortised over a period of 10 years.

                   The Group reviews the useful life and amortisation method of intangible assets with limited useful lives at
                   least at the end of each year.
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023      195




                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                              (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


IV   Principal Accounting Policies (continued)
14   Repossessed Assets
     In the recovery of assets such as impaired loans and lease receivables, the Group may take possession
     of assets held as collateral through court proceedings or voluntary delivery of possession by the
     borrowers. When it is intended to achieve an orderly realization of the impaired assets and the Group
     is no longer seeking repayment of loans and lease receivables from the borrowers, repossessed assets
     except the equity instruments are reported in “other assets”.

     When the Group seizes assets to compensate for the losses of loans, lease receivables and advances
     and interest receivables, the repossessed assets are initially recognized at fair value and any taxes
     that are directly attributable to the assets, litigation expenses advanced and other expenses incurred
     for collecting the repossessed assets. Repossessed assets are recognized at the carrying value in the
     consolidated statement of financial position, net of allowance for impairment losses (Note IV.16).

15   Long-term Prepaid Expenses
     The Group recognises all expenses incurred with a benefit period of more than one year as long-term
     prepaid expenses. Long-term prepaid expenses are presented on the balance sheet as cost minus
     accumulated amortization, and long-term prepaid expenses will be recognized in the balance sheet “Other
     assets”.

     Leased asset improvement expenses are amortised over the lease term, and other long-term prepaid
     expenses are amortised over the benefit period.

16   Impairment of Non-financial Assets
     The carrying amounts of the following assets are reviewed at each balance sheet date based on internal
     and external sources of information to determine whether there is any indication of impairment:

     –         fixed assets and construction in progress

     –         right-of-use assets

     –         intangible assets

     –         investment in subsidiaries

     –         other assets (finance lease receivables excluded)

     If any indication exists that an asset may be impaired, the recoverable amount of the asset is estimated.

     The recoverable amount of an asset (or asset group, set of asset groups) is the higher of its fair value
     (Note IV.17) less costs of disposal and its value in use.
196   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      IV           Principal Accounting Policies (continued)
      16           Impairment of Non-financial Assets (continued)
                   An asset group is composed of assets directly related to cash generation and is the smallest identifiable
                   group of assets that generates cash inflows that are largely independent of the cash inflows from other
                   assets or asset groups.

                   The present value of expected future cash flows of an asset is determined by discounting the future cash
                   flows, estimated to be derived from continuing use of the asset and from its ultimate disposal, to their
                   present value using an appropriate pre-tax discount rate.

                   An impairment loss is recognized in profit or loss when the recoverable amount of an asset is less than
                   its carrying amount. A provision for impairment of the asset is recognized accordingly. Impairment losses
                   related to an asset group or a set of asset groups are allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of
                   the assets in the asset group or set of asset groups on a pro rata basis. However, such allocation would
                   not reduce the carrying amount of an asset below the highest of its fair value less costs of disposal (if
                   measurable), its present value of expected future cash flows (if measurable) and zero.

                   Once the above asset impairment loss is recognized, it will not be reversed in future accounting periods.

      17           Fair Value Measurement
                   Unless otherwise specified, the Group measures fair value as follows:

                   Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
                   transaction between market participants at the measurement date.

                   When measuring fair value, the Group takes into account the characteristics of the particular asset or
                   liability (including the condition and location of the asset and restrictions, if any, on the sale or use of
                   the asset) that market participants would consider when pricing the asset or liability at the measurement
                   date, and uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient
                   data and other information are available to measure fair value. Valuation techniques mainly include the
                   market approach, the income approach and the cost approach.

      18           Employee Benefits
      (1)          Short-term employee benefits
                   Employee wages or salaries, bonuses, social security contributions such as medical insurance, work
                   injury insurance, maternity insurance and housing fund, measured at the amount incurred or accrued at
                   the applicable benchmarks and rates, are recognized as a liability as the employee provides services,
                   with a corresponding charge to profit or loss.
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2023      197




                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                 (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


IV    Principal Accounting Policies (continued)
18    Employee Benefits (continued)
(2)   Post-employment benefits – defined contribution plans
      The Group participates in defined contribution plans including basic pension insurance, unemployment
      insurance and annuity plans in the social insurance system established and managed by government
      organizations, all of which are defined contribution plans. The Group pays a fixed contribution into the
      defined contribution plans and has no obligation to make further contributions if the plans does not hold
      sufficient assets to pay all employee benefits.

      Employees also participate in a defined contribution retirement benefit plan established by the Group (the
      “Annuity Plan”). The Group contributes a certain percentage of the employees’ salaries to the Annuity
      Plan, which is charged to profit or loss when it is incurred.

19    Provisions
      Provisions are recognized when the Group has a present obligation as a result of a past event, and
      it is probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the
      obligation and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation. A provision shall be
      initially measured at the best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the related present obligation.
      When the effect of the time value of money is material, a provision shall be determined by discounting
      the related future cash outflows.

20    Credit Commitments and Financial Guarantee Contracts
      The Group issues credit commitments and financial guarantee contracts, including acceptances, letters
      of credit, letters of guarantee, loan commitments and finance lease commitments, undrawn credit card
      facility, receivables confirmation and other financial guarantee contracts.

      A credit commitment is a commitment provided by the Group to customers to extend loans under agreed
      contractual terms within a certain period. Expected credit losses relating to credit commitments are
      provided for using the ECL model and included in provisions.

      Financial guarantees are contracts that require the guarantor to make specified payments to reimburse
      the beneficiary of the guarantee (the holder) for a loss the holder incurs because a specified debtor fails
      to make payment when due in accordance with the terms of a debt instrument. The Group is required
      to make payments only in the event of a default by the debtor in accordance with the terms of the
      instrument that is guaranteed. Accordingly, the allowance for ECL is the present value of the expected
      payments to reimburse the holder for a credit loss that it incurs less any amounts that the Group expects
      to receive from the debtor or any other third party.
198   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      IV           Principal Accounting Policies (continued)
      21           Fiduciary Activities
                   The Group acts in fiduciary activities as a manager, a custodian, or an agent for customers. Assets held
                   by the Group under fiduciary capacity and the related undertakings to return such assets to customers
                   are excluded from the consolidated statement of financial position as the risks and rewards of the assets
                   reside with customers.

                   The Group enters into entrusted loan agreements with customers, whereby the customers provide
                   funding to the Group, and the Group grants loans to third parties. The Group has been contracted by
                   those customers to manage the administration and collection of these entrusted loans on their behalf.
                   The Group receives fees in return for the services it provides. As the Group does not assume the risks
                   and rewards of the entrusted loans, the entrusted loans are not recognized as the Group’s assets or
                   liabilities.

                   The Group acts as a custodian, trustee and in other fiduciary capacities to safeguard assets for
                   customers in accordance with custody agreements between the Group and other institutions and
                   individuals. The Group receives fees in return for its services provided under the custody agreements and
                   does not have any interest in the economic risks and rewards related to assets under custody. Therefore,
                   assets under custody are not recognized in the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position.

      22           Revenue
                   Revenue is recognized to the extent that it is probable that the economic benefits will flow to the Group
                   and when the revenue can be reliably measured. The following specific recognition criteria must also be
                   met before revenue is recognized:

      (1)          Interest income
                   For all financial instruments measured at amortised cost and interest-generating financial instruments
                   classified as financial assets measured at FVOCI, interest income is calculated using the effective interest
                   rate, which is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash payments or receipts through the
                   expected life of the financial instrument, where appropriate, to the carrying value of the financial asset, or
                   the amortised cost of the financial liability. The calculation takes into account all contractual terms of the
                   financial instrument (for example, prepayment options) and includes any fees or transaction costs that are
                   attributable to the instrument and are a part of the effective interest rate, but not ECLs.

                   Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the carrying value of financial assets
                   and is included in “interest income”, except for:

                   –            purchased or originated credit-impaired financial assets, whose interest income is calculated,
                                since initial recognition, by applying the credit-adjusted effective interest rate to their amortised
                                cost;

                   –            financial assets that are not purchased or originated credit-impaired but have subsequently
                                become credit-impaired, whose interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest
                                rate to their amortised cost.

                   The adjusted effective interest rate is the rate that discounts the estimated future cash flows of the
                   purchased or originated credit-impaired financial asset through the asset’s expected life to its amortised
                   cost. In determining the adjusted effective interest rate, the Group estimates cash flows considering all
                   contractual terms of the financial instrument (for example, prepayment, renewal, call and similar options)
                   and ECLs.
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023      199




                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                              (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


IV    Principal Accounting Policies (continued)
22    Revenue (continued)
(2)   Fee and commission income
      The Group charges fees and commissions by providing various services to customers. The fee and
      commission income is recognized when its performance obligation in contracts is satisfied and when the
      customer obtains the control right of relevant services.

      If one of the following conditions is met, the Group will perform its performance obligations within a
      certain period of time; otherwise, it will perform its performance obligations at a certain time point:

      –         Customers obtain and consume the economic benefits brought by the Group’s performance at
                the same time as the Group’s performance;

      –         Customers can control the services performed during the performance of the Group;

      –         The goods produced by the Group in the process of performance have irreplaceable uses,
                and the Group has the right to collect payment for the part of performance that has been
                completed so far during the whole contract period.

(3)   Dividend income
      Dividend income from equity instruments is recognized in profit or loss when the right to receive payment
      is established.

23    Government Grants
      Government grants are transfers of monetary assets or non-monetary assets from the government to the
      Group at no consideration except for any capital contribution from the government as an investor in the
      Group. Government grants are recognized when there is reasonable assurance that the grants will be
      received and that the Group will comply with the conditions attaching to the grants.

      Government grants are measured at the amount received or will be received when recognized as
      monetary assets. Government grants are measured at fair value when recognized as non-monetary
      assets.

      The grants related to assets are government grants whose primary condition is that an entity qualifying
      for them should purchase, construct or otherwise acquire long-term assets. The grants related to income
      are government grants other than those related to assets. A government grant related to an asset is
      recognized initially as deferred income and amortised to profit or loss on a reasonable and systematic
      method over the useful life of the asset. A grant related to income that compensates the Group for
      expenses or losses to be incurred in the subsequent periods is recognized initially as deferred income
      and recognized in profit or loss in the same periods in which the expenses or losses are recognized.
      A grant that compensates the Group for expenses or losses incurred is recognized in profit or loss
      immediately.
200   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      IV           Principal Accounting Policies (continued)
      24           Income Taxes
                   Current tax and deferred tax are recognized in profit or loss except to the extent that they relate to a
                   business combination or items recognized directly in equity (including other comprehensive income).

                   Current tax is the expected tax payable calculated at the applicable tax rate on the taxable income for
                   the year, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years.

                   At the balance sheet date, current tax assets and liabilities are offset if the Group has a legally
                   enforceable right to set off them and the entity intends either to settle on a net basis or to realize the
                   asset and settle the liability simultaneously.

                   Deferred tax assets and liabilities arise from deductible and taxable temporary differences being the
                   differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and
                   their tax bases, which include the deductible losses and tax credits carried forward to subsequent
                   periods. Deferred tax assets are recognized to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will
                   be available against which deductible temporary differences can be used.

                   If a single transaction is not a business combination, it will not affect accounting profits or taxable income
                   (or deductible losses) when the transaction occurs, and the initially recognized assets and liabilities
                   have not resulted in equal taxable temporary differences and deductible temporary differences, then the
                   temporary differences generated in the transaction will not generate deferred income tax.

                   At the balance sheet date, the amount of deferred tax recognized is measured based on the expected
                   manner of realization or settlement of the carrying amount of the assets and liabilities using tax rates that
                   are expected to be applied in the period when the asset is realized or the liability is settled in accordance
                   with tax laws.

                   The carrying amount of a deferred tax asset is reviewed at the balance sheet date. The carrying amount
                   of a deferred tax asset is reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable
                   profits will be available to allow the benefit of the deferred tax asset to be utilized. Any such reduction is
                   reversed to the extent that it becomes probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available.

                   At the balance sheet date, deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset if all the following conditions are
                   met:

                   –            the taxable entity has a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax
                                liabilities;

                   –            they relate to income taxes levied by the same tax authority on either the same taxable entity
                                or different taxable entities which intend either to settle current tax liabilities and assets on a
                                net basis, or to realize the assets and settle the liabilities, simultaneously, in each future period
                                in which significant amounts of deferred tax liabilities or assets are expected to be settled or
                                recovered.
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2023      201




                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                  (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


IV    Principal Accounting Policies (continued)
25    Leases
(1)   The Group as the lessee
      The Group recognizes a right-of-use asset and a lease liability at the lease commencement date. The
      right-of-use asset is initially measured at cost, which comprises the initial amount of the lease liability,
      any lease payments made at or before the commencement date (less any lease incentives received), any
      initial direct costs incurred and the costs to restore the site. The right-of-use asset is depreciated on a
      straight-line basis subsequently by the Group. If the Group is reasonably certain that the ownership of
      the underlying asset will be transferred to the Group at the end of the lease term, the Group depreciates
      the asset from the commencement date to the end of the useful life of the asset. Otherwise, the Group
      depreciates the assets from the commencement date to the earlier of the end of the useful life of the
      asset and the end of the lease term, whichever is shorter.

      The right to use assets shall be subject to the provision for impairment according to the accounting
      policies described in Note IV.16.

      The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at the
      commencement date. The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease.
      If that rate cannot be determined, the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate is used. A constant periodic
      rate is used to calculate the interest on the lease liability in each period during the lease term with a
      corresponding charge to profit or loss or included in the cost of assets where appropriate. Variable lease
      payments not included in the measurement of the lease liability is charged to profit or loss or included in
      the cost of relevant assets where appropriate as incurred.

      The Group has elected not to recognize right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for short-term leases that
      have a lease term of 12 months or less and leases of low-value assets. The Group recognizes the lease
      payments associated with these leases in profit or loss or as the cost of the assets where appropriate
      using the straight-line method over the lease term.

(2)   The Group as the lessor
      The Group determines at lease inception whether each lease is a finance lease or an operating lease. A
      finance lease is a lease that transfers substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of a
      leased asset to the lessee, irrespective of whether the legal title to the asset is eventually transferred. An
      operating lease is a lease other than a finance lease.

      Under a finance lease, at the commencement date, the Group recognizes the finance lease receivable
      and derecognizes the finance lease asset. The finance lease receivable is initially measured at an amount
      equal to the net investment in the lease. The net investment in the lease is measured at the aggregate of
      the unguaranteed residual value and the present value of the lease receivable that are not received at the
      commencement date, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. The Group calculates and
      recognizes interest income for each period of the lease term using a fixed periodic interest rate.

      Under an operating lease, lease receipts are recognized as income using the straight-line method over
      the lease term. Variable lease payments not included in lease receipts are recognized in profit or loss as
      they are earned.
202   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      IV           Principal Accounting Policies (continued)
      26           Dividends
                   Dividends proposed in the profit appropriation plan which will be authorized and declared after the
                   balance sheet date are not recognized as a liability at the balance sheet date but disclosed separately
                   in the notes of subsequent events to the consolidated financial statements. Distributions to preference
                   shareholders are recognized as liabilities in the period approved by the board of directors.

      27           Related Parties
                   If a party has the power to control, jointly control or exercise significant influence over another party, or
                   where two or more parties are subject to common control or joint control from another party, they are
                   considered to be related parties. Related parties may be individuals or enterprises. Enterprises with which
                   the Bank is under common control only from the State and that have no other related party relationships
                   are not regarded as related parties.

      28           Segment Reporting
                   The Group determines the business segments based on the internal organizational structure,
                   management requirements and internal reporting system. After considering the principle of importance
                   based on the business segments, it determines the reporting segments and discloses segment
                   information.

                   Inter-segment revenues are measured on the basis of the actual transaction prices for such transactions
                   for segment reporting. Segment accounting policies are consistent with those for the consolidated
                   financial statements.

      29           Methodology in Determination of Materiality and Basis for Selection
                   The Group determines the importance of financial information based on the environment, considering
                   both the nature and amount of the matter. When assessing whether a matter is significant from nature
                   perspective, the Group primarily considers whether it is part of the Group’s operating activities and
                   whether it significantly impacts the Group’s financial position, operating results and cash flows. When
                   assessing whether a matter is significant from amount perspective, the Group considers the proportion
                   of the amount of the matter to the amount of operating income, total assets, total liabilities, total equity,
                   profit for the year and total comprehensive income or to the amount of the account caption.
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2023      203




                                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                  (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


V      Significant Accounting Judgements and Estimates
       The preparation of the consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and
       assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and the reported amounts of financial
       statement line items. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical experience and
       other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from
       these estimates. Estimates as well as underlying assumptions and uncertainties involved are reviewed on
       an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are recognized in the period in which the estimates
       are revised and in any future periods affected.

(i)    Measurement of the ECL Allowance
       The measurement of the ECL allowance for financial assets measured at amortised cost, debt
       instruments measured at FVOCI, credit commitments and financial guarantees is an area that requires
       the use of complex models and significant assumptions about future economic conditions and borrower’s
       credit behaviors (e.g. the likelihood of customers defaulting and the resulting losses).

       A number of significant judgements are required in applying the accounting policies for measuring ECLs,
       such as:

       –         The segmentation of portfolios sharing similar credit risk characteristics for the purposes of
                 measuring ECLs, choosing appropriate models and key inputs for the measurement of ECLs;

       –         Criteria for determining whether there was a significant increase in credit risk, or the credit was
                 impaired;

       –         Economic indicators for forward-looking measurement, and the application of economic
                 scenarios and weightings; and

       –         Discounted cash flows and discount rates applied to corporate loans and advances, and
                 financial assets measured at amortised cost in stage 3.

       For details about the measurement of ECLs, please refer to Note XIII.1(3).

(ii)   Fair Value of Financial Instruments
       If the market for a financial instrument is not active, the Group establishes fair value by using a valuation
       technique. Valuation techniques include using recent arm’s length market transactions between
       knowledgeable and willing parties, if available, reference to the current fair value of another instrument
       that is substantially the same, discounted cash flow analysis and option pricing models. To the extent
       practicable, valuation technique makes the maximum use of market inputs. However, where market
       inputs are not available, management needs to make estimates on such unobservable market inputs.
       Under such circumstance, management needs to make estimates on such unobservable market inputs,
       such as counterparty credit risk, market fluctuations and correlations. Changes in assumptions about
       these factors could affect the estimated fair value of financial instruments.
204   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      V            Significant Accounting Judgements and Estimates (continued)
      (iii)        Consolidation of Structured Entities
                   Management applies its judgement to determine whether the Group is acting as agent or principal in
                   relation to the structured entities in which the Group acts as an asset manager or has interests in so
                   as to determine whether the Group has control over the structured entity. In assessing whether the
                   Group is acting as agent or manager, the Group considers various factors such as the scope of the
                   asset manager’s decision-making authority, rights held by other parties, remuneration to which the
                   Group is entitled for the services it provides and the Group’s exposure to variability of returns of other
                   arrangements (including interests the Group directly holds) in the structured entities. The reassessment of
                   control is made if facts and circumstances indicate changes in any of the factors.

      (iv)         Income Taxes
                   Determining income tax provisions involves judgement on the future tax treatment of certain transactions.
                   The Group carefully evaluates the tax implications of transactions and tax provisions are recognized
                   accordingly. Deferred tax assets are recognized for temporary deductible differences, to the extent that
                   it is probable that future taxable income will be used as deduction which the unused tax credits can
                   be utilized. This requires significant estimation on the tax treatment of certain transactions and also
                   significant assessment on the probability that sufficient taxable income will be available for the deferred
                   tax assets to be deducted.

      (v)          Classification of Financial Assets
                   The critical judgements the Group makes in determining the classification of financial assets include
                   analysis of business models and characteristics of contractual cash flows. The Group determines the
                   business model for managing financial assets at the level of financial asset portfolio. In the process of
                   assessing the characteristics of contractual cash flows, the Group needs to make judgement on whether
                   the contractual cash flow of financial assets is consistent with the basic lending arrangement.

      (vi)         Derecognition of Financial Assets
                   In the normal course of business, the Group transfers financial assets through various types of
                   transactions including regular sales and transfers, securitization, and selling financial assets under
                   repurchase agreements. The Group applies significant judgement in assessing whether the transfer
                   complies with the conditions for derecognition. Where the Group enters into structured transactions by
                   which it transfers financial asset to special purpose entities, the Group analyzes whether it controls these
                   special purpose entities to determine whether the Group needs to consolidate these special purpose
                   entities.
                                                                                                Annual Report 2023      205




                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                           (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
1    Net Interest Income
                                                                                     2023                   2022


     Interest income:
     Loans and advances to customers
     – Corporate loans and advances                                               51,687                  48,136
     – Personal loans and advances                                                26,332                  24,731
     – Discounted bills                                                            2,576                   2,485
     Financial investments
        – Financial assets measured at amortised cost (“AC”)                      14,441                  14,964
        – Financial assets measured at fair value through
             other comprehensive income (“FVOCI”)                                   6,695                  4,219
     Deposits and placements with banks and other financial institutions
        and financial assets purchased under resale agreements                      3,131                  2,526
     Balances with the central bank                                                 2,082                  2,029
     Finance lease receivables                                                      3,309                  2,893


     Total                                                                      110,253                 101,983


     Interest expense:
     Customer deposits
     – Corporate customers                                                       (33,728)                (32,216)
     – Personal customers                                                         (5,951)                  (4,498)
     Deposits and placements from banks and other financial institutions
        and financial assets sold under repurchase agreements                    (12,023)                 (8,097)
     Debt securities issued                                                       (9,328)                 (8,445)
     Due to the central bank                                                      (1,549)                 (1,526)
     Lease liabilities                                                              (146)                   (139)


     Total                                                                       (62,725)                (54,921)


     Net interest income                                                          47,528                  47,062
206   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      2            Net Fee and Commission Income

                                                                                     2023     2022


                   Fee and commission income:
                   Agency and entrustment service                                   1,849     1,802
                   Commitment and guarantee service                                 1,435     1,315
                   Underwriting and consultation service                            1,076       947
                   Settlement and clearing business                                   725       628
                   Custodian and other fiduciary service                              594       531
                   Fees from bank cards                                               211       217
                   Others                                                             253        81


                   Total                                                             6,143    5,521
                   Fee and commission expense                                       (1,103)    (730)


                   Net fee and commission income                                    5,040     4,791


      3            Net Trading Gains
                                                                                     2023     2022


                   Net gains arising from financial instruments measured at FVTPL   6,733     4,149
                   Exchange gains and related derivatives                             923     2,405
                   Precious metals and related derivatives                            218       (65)
                   Other derivatives                                                 (478)      101


                   Total                                                            7,396     6,590


      4            Net Gains on Financial Investments
                                                                                     2023     2022


                   Net gains arising from financial assets measured at FVOCI        2,274     1,895
                   Net gains arising from financial assets measured at AC             420       161
                   Dividend income from equity instruments designated to be
                     measured at FVOCI                                                   6        8
                   Other investment losses                                             (36)     (56)


                   Total                                                            2,664     2,008
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2023      207




                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
5    Other Operating Income
                                                                                                2023                   2022


     Operating lease income                                                                      482                     264
     Government grants                                                                           435                     156
     Other miscellaneous income                                                                  219                     281


     Total                                                                                     1,136                     701


6    Operating Expense
                                                                       Notes                    2023                   2022


     Staff costs                                                         (1)                 12,500                  10,896
     General and administrative expenses                                                      4,631                   4,076
     Depreciation and amortisation                                                            1,895                   1,736
     Taxes and surcharges                                                                       755                     685
     Donations                                                                                   23                      25
     Auditors’ remuneration                                                                       7                       6
     Others                                                              (2)                    348                     244


     Total                                                                                   20,159                  17,668

     (1)     Staff costs

                                                                                                2023                    2022

             Salaries, bonuses and allowances                                                   8,929                  8,265
             Other social insurance and benefit costs                                           1,645                  1,035
             Housing funds                                                                        530                    427
             Pension costs – defined contribution plans                                         1,183                    995
             Labor union fee and staff education fee                                              213                    174

             Total                                                                            12,500                  10,896

     (2)     During reporting period, the expense relating to short-term leases and leases of low-value assets which were
             simplified processed by the Group are not significant.
208   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      7            Expected Credit Losses (“ECL”s)
                                                                            Note     2023      2022


                   Deposits with banks and other financial institutions                 (6)        8
                   Placements with banks and other financial institutions             (215)      165
                   Financial assets purchased under resale agreements                   19       (11)
                   Loans and advances to customers
                     – measured at AC                                               14,235    15,996
                     – measured at FVOCI                                               247     1,249
                   Financial investments
                     – measured at AC                                               11,206    12,393
                     – measured at FVOCI                                               123       218
                   Finance lease receivables                                           551       500
                   Others                                                              269       251
                   Off-balance sheet items                                            (316)   (3,116)


                   Total                                                    VI.25   26,113    27,653
                                                                                           Annual Report 2023      209




                                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
8    Director’s and Supervisor’s Emoluments
                                                             2023
                                                                               Contribution
                                                    Allowances Discretionary    to pension
     (in RMB thousands)           Fees    Salaries and benefits    bonuses        schemes               Total


     Executive Directors
       Lu Jianqiang                   –       229           34          575               96             934
       Zhang Rongsen                  –     1,200           90          720              253           2,263
       Chen Haiqiang                  –     1,000           81          600              231           1,912
       Ma Hong                        –       495           80          597              231           1,403

     Non-Executive Directors
      Ren Zhixiang                    –         –            –             –                –               –
      Gao Qinhong                     –         –            –             –                –               –
      Hu Tiangao                      –         –            –             –                –               –
      Zhu Weiming                     –         –            –             –                –               –
      Hou Xingchuan                   –         –            –             –                –               –

     Independent Non-Executive
       Directors
       Fu Tingmei                  230          –            –             –                –             230
       Zheng Jindu                 198          –            –             –                –             198
       Zhou Zhifang                380          –            –             –                –             380
       Wang Guocai                 360          –            –             –                –             360
       Wang Wei                    340          –            –             –                –             340
       Xu Yongbin                  360          –            –             –                –             360

     Supervisors
       Guo Dingfang                  –        495           80          569               40           1,184
       Wu Fanghua                    –          –            –            –                –               –
       Peng Zhiyuan                  –          –            –            –                –               –
       Chen Zhongwei                 –          –            –            –                –               –
       Ma Xiaofeng                   –          –            –            –                –               –
       Gao Qiang                   320          –            –            –                –             320
       Zhang Fanquan               320          –            –            –                –             320
       Song Qinghua                300          –            –            –                –             300
       Chen Sanlian                300          –            –            –                –             300


     Total                        3,108     3,419          365        3,061              851          10,804
210   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      8            Director’s and Supervisor’s Emoluments (continued)
                                                                                2022
                                                                                                  Contribution
                                                                       Allowances Discretionary    to pension
                   (in RMB thousands)              Fees    Salaries   and benefits    bonuses        schemes     Total


                   Executive Directors
                     Zhang Rongsen                     –     1,200            82           725            240    2,247
                     Chen Haiqiang                     –     1,000            74           605            220    1,899
                     Ma Hong                           –       495            74           627            220    1,416
                     Shen Renkang                      –        39             6             –             20       65

                   Non-Executive Directors
                    Ren Zhixiang                       –         –              –             –             –        –
                    Gao Qinhong                        –         –              –             –             –        –
                    Hu Tiangao                         –         –              –             –             –        –
                    Zhu Weiming                        –         –              –             –             –        –
                    Hou Xingchuan                      –         –              –             –             –        –

                   Independent Non-Executive
                     Directors
                     Tong Benli                      50          –              –             –             –      50
                     Dai Deming                      50          –              –             –             –      50
                     Liao Bowei                      50          –              –             –             –      50
                     Zheng Jindu                    333          –              –             –             –     333
                     Zhou Zhifang                   367          –              –             –             –     367
                     Wang Guocai                    350          –              –             –             –     350
                     Wang Wei                       333          –              –             –             –     333
                     Xu Yongbin                     308          –              –             –             –     308

                   Supervisors
                     Guo Dingfang                     –        495            74           399            220    1,188
                     Pan Jianhua                      –          –             –             –              –        –
                     Cheng Huifang                  157          –             –             –              –      157
                     Pan Huafeng                      –          –             –             –              –        –
                     Chen Zhongwei                    –          –             –             –              –        –
                     Gao Qiang                      157          –             –             –              –      157
                     Zhang Fanquan                  317          –             –             –              –      317
                     Song Qinghua                   300          –             –             –              –      300
                     Chen Sanlian                   300          –             –             –              –      300


                   Total                           3,072     3,229           310         2,356            920    9,887
                                                                                                             Annual Report 2023      211




                                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                        (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
8    Director’s and Supervisor’s Emoluments (continued)
     (1)   The total pre-tax remuneration of some directors and the supervisors of the Bank performing their duties is still
           in the process of confirmation, and the rest will be disclosed separately after confirmation.

     (2)   On 6 February 2023, Mr. Zhuang Yuemin resigned as the non-executive director; On 28 April 2023, Mr. Liu
           Long resigned as the vice president, secretary of the Board of Directors and secretary of the Bank; On 4 May
           2023, Mr. Pan Huafeng resigned as the Bank’s staff supervisor; On 5 July 2023, Mr. Zheng Jindu resigned as
           the independent director; On 22 August 2023, Mr. Guan Pinfang resigned as the independent director; On 1
           December 2023, Mr. Jiang Rong resigned as the chief audit officer of the Bank; (On 11 January 2022, Mr. Shen
           Renkang resigned as the executive director and chairman of the Board of Directors; On 18 February 2022, Mr.
           Wu Jianwei and Mr. Sheng Hongqing resigned from the position of assistant president of the Bank; On 30 June
           2022, Ms. Cheng Huifang resigned as the external supervisor; On 24 August 2022, Mr. Pan Jianhua resigned as
           the shareholder supervisor).

     (3)   On 30 January 2023, Mr. Wu Fanghua and Mr. Peng Zhiyuan were by-elected as the staff supervisors of the
           sixth Board of Supervisors; On 4 May 2023, the original China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission
           (hereinafter refer to as “the original CBIRC”) approved the qualifications of Mr. Fu Tingmei as an independent
           director; On 5 May 2023, Mr. Lou Weizhong was elected as an independent non-executive director of the sixth
           Board of Directors and Mr. Lou Weizhong’s qualifications are subject to the approval of the National Financial
           Regulatory Administration; On 25 June 2023, Mr. Lin Jingran was nominated as the vice president of the Bank
           for the same term as the term of the sixth term of the Board of Directors, and Mr. Lin Jingran’s qualifications are
           subject to the approval of the National Financial Regulatory Administration; On 5 July 2023, Mr. Pan Huafeng
           was nominated as the assistant president of the Bank for the same term as the term of office of the sixth term of
           the Board of Directors, and Mr. Pan Huafeng’s qualifications are subject to the approval of the National Financial
           Regulatory Administration; On 9 August, 2023, the National Financial Regulatory Administration has approved
           Mr. Lu Jianqiang’s qualifications as a director and chairman of the Board; On 5 September 2023, the National
           Financial Regulatory Administration approved Mr. Zhou Weixin’s qualifications for the position of assistant to the
           president; On 27 October 2023, Mr. Luo Feng was nominated as the secretary of the Board of Directors of the
           Bank, and Mr. Luo Feng’s qualifications for the appointment are subject to the approval of the National Financial
           Regulatory Administration; On 19 December, 2023, Mr. Ma Xiaofeng was elected as the shareholder supervisor
           of the 6th Board of Supervisors; (On 11 January 2022, Mr. Lu Jianqiang was nominated to serve as chairman
           and chairman of the Board of Directors; On 21 February 2022, the original CBIRC approved Mr. Xu Yongbin’s
           qualification as an independent director; On 27 June 2022, Mr. Gao Qiang was elected as an external supervisor
           of the sixth session of the Board of Supervisors; On 21 November 2022, Zhou Weixin was appointed as the
           assistant president of the Bank).

     (4)   Employee supervisors of the Bank receive remuneration as staff, and receive no remuneration as supervisors.

     (5)   Supervisors of the Bank receive only remuneration in respect of their services as supervisors. No emoluments
           were paid to or receivable by supervisors.
212   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      9            Five Highest Paid Individuals
                   For the year ended 31 December 2023, the five highest paid individuals in the Group include neither
                   director nor supervisor (2022: neither director nor supervisor). The five highest paid individuals for the
                   year are as follows:

                                                                                                                 2023                2022


                   Salaries and allowances and other benefits                                                        2                   2
                   Discretionary bonuses                                                                            40                  39
                   Contribution to pension schemes                                                                   –                   –


                   Total                                                                                            42                  41

                   The emoluments fell within the following bands:

                                                                                                           Number of Individuals
                                                                                                                 2023                2022


                   RMB7,000,001 – RMB7,500,000                                                                       –                   2
                   RMB7,500,001 – RMB8,000,000                                                                       1                   1
                   RMB8,000,001 – RMB8,500,000                                                                       2                   –
                   RMB8,500,001 – RMB12,000,000                                                                      2                   2

                   (1)     No emoluments had been paid or payable by the Group to any of the directors, supervisors or the five highest
                           paid individuals as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office.

                   (2)     During the year ended 31 December 2023, no non-cash benefits (share options, cars, insurance premium, club
                           membership, etc.) were paid to the directors or supervisors (2022: Nil).

                   (3)     During the year ended 31 December 2023, no retirement benefits were paid to the directors or supervisors by a
                           defined benefit pension plan operated by the Group (2022: Nil).

                   (4)     During the year ended 31 December 2023, no termination benefits were paid to the directors or supervisors by
                           the Group (2022: Nil).

                   (5)     During the year ended 31 December 2023, no consideration was provided by the Group to former employers for
                           making available directors’ and supervisors’ services (2022: Nil).

                   (6)     During the year ended 31 December 2023, no loans, quasi-loans or other dealings were provided in favour of
                           directors or their connected entities (2022: Nil).

                   (7)     During the year ended 31 December 2023, no significant transactions, arrangements and contracts were in
                           relation to the corporate in which a director of the Group had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly
                           subsisted (2022: Nil).
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2023      213




                                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
10   Income Tax Expense

                                                                        Note                    2023                   2022


     Current income tax expense                                                                2,657                  4,912
     Deferred tax expense                                               VI.23                   (658)                (3,070)


     Total                                                                                     1,999                  1,842

     Current income tax is calculated based on the statutory rate of 25% of the taxable income of the Group
     in accordance with PRC income tax regulations.

     The difference between the actual income tax charged in the profit or loss and the amounts which would
     result from applying the statutory tax rate to profit before taxation can be reconciled as follows:

                                                                       Notes                    2023                   2022


     Profit before taxation                                                                  17,492                  15,831

     Tax calculated at statutory tax rate of 25%                                               4,373                  3,958
     Effects of non-taxable income                                       (1)                  (3,067)                (2,813)
     Effects of non-deductible expenses                                  (2)                     934                    938
     Effects of perpetual bond interest expense                                                 (241)                  (241)


     Income tax expense                                                                        1,999                  1,842

     (1)     The non-taxable income mainly represents interest income arising from treasury bonds and municipal
             government bonds, and dividend income arising from fund investments, which are income tax free in accordance
             with the PRC tax regulations.

     (2)     The non-deductible expenses mainly include the non-deductible write-off losses assessed and confirmed item by
             item, and certain expenses, which are not deductible before taxation according to PRC tax regulations.
214   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      11           Basic and Diluted Earnings Per Share
                   Basic earnings per share are calculated by dividing the net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders of
                   the Bank by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding. At 31 December 2023, the
                   Group possesses no share with potential dilution effect hence there’s no difference between basic and
                   diluted earnings per share.

                                                                                         2023               2022               2022
                                                                                                            (after           (before
                                                                                                      adjustment)        adjustment)
                                                                                                        (Note (1))

                   Consolidated net profit attributable to
                     shareholders of the Bank                                          15,048              13,618             13,618
                   Less: Net profit attributable to other equity
                         instruments holders of the Bank                                     (963)         (1,801)             (1,801)

                   Consolidated net profit attributable to ordinary
                     shareholders of the Bank (in RMB millions)                        14,085              11,817             11,817
                   Weighted average number of ordinary shares
                     (in millions of shares)                                           24,857              22,455             21,269

                   Basic and diluted earnings per share
                     (RMB yuan/share)                                                        0.57            0.53                0.56

                   (1)     In accordance with the International Accounting Standards 33, Earnings Per Share , the Group adjusted the
                           weighted average number of ordinary shares when calculating the adjusted basic and diluted earnings per share
                           in consideration of the factors relating to the rights issue.


      12           Cash and Balances with the Central Bank
                                                                                                     31 December       31 December
                                                                                     Notes                  2023              2022

                   Cash                                                                                       865                 560

                   Balances with the central bank
                   – Statutory deposit reserves                                        (1)               125,183             129,775
                   – Surplus deposit reserves                                          (2)                34,483              54,885
                   – Foreign exchange risk reserves                                    (3)                 4,104                 305
                   – Fiscal deposits                                                   (4)                    23                  30

                   Subtotal                                                                              163,793             184,995

                   Interest accrued                                                                             65                 70


                   Total                                                                                 164,723             185,625
                                                                                                             Annual Report 2023      215




                                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                        (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
12   Cash and Balances with the Central Bank (continued)
     (1)   The Group is required to place statutory deposit reserves with the People’s Bank of China (the “PBOC”). These
           statutory deposit reserves cannot be used for the daily business operation of the Group. At the balance sheet
           date, rates for statutory deposit reserves were as follows:

                                                                                     31 December            31 December
                                                                                            2023                   2022

           Statutory deposit reserves rate for deposits denominated in RMB                   7.00%                  7.50%
           Statutory deposit reserves rate for deposits denominated in
             foreign currencies                                                              4.00%                  6.00%

           The statutory deposit reserves ratios of the subsidiary of the Bank complied with the requirement of the PBOC.

     (2)   Surplus deposit reserves includes the funds deposited in the People’s Bank of China for the purpose of capital
           settlement and other non restrictive funds.

     (3)   At 31 December 2023, the foreign exchange risk reserve ratio for forward foreign exchange sales of the Bank is
           20% (31 December 2022: 20%).

     (4)   Financial deposits refer to the funds originated from financial institutions and deposited in the People’s Bank of
           China according to regulations, which cannot be used for the daily business operation of the Group.


13   Deposits with Banks and Other Financial Institutions
     Analyzed by type and location of counterparties

                                                                                      31 December             31 December
                                                                                             2023                    2022


     In Chinese Mainland
        – Banks                                                                                55,869                  28,978
        – Other financial institutions                                                          8,559                   8,640
     Outside Chinese Mainland
        – Banks                                                                                  6,194                  4,829
        – Other financial institutions                                                              86                    934
     Interest accrued                                                                              155                     93


     Gross amount                                                                              70,863                  43,474
     Less: Allowance for ECLs (Note VI.25)                                                         (7)                    (13)


     Carrying amount                                                                           70,856                  43,461
216   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      14           Placements with Banks and Other Financial Institutions
                   Analyzed by type and location of counterparties

                                                                                           31 December           31 December
                                                                                                  2023                  2022


                   In Chinese Mainland
                      – Other financial institutions                                                 7,548                9,457
                   Outside Chinese Mainland
                      – Banks                                                                          924                  223
                   Interest accrued                                                                    108                  121


                   Gross amount                                                                      8,580                9,801
                   Less: Allowance for ECLs (Note VI.25)                                                (6)                (220)


                   Carrying amount                                                                   8,574                9,581


      15           Derivative Financial Instruments
                   The Group’s derivative financial instruments include interest rate derivatives, currency derivatives,
                   precious metal and other derivatives. At the balance sheet date, the derivative financial instruments held
                   by the Group are set out below:

                   At 31 December 2023
                                                                                                  Fair value
                                                                       Notional            Derivative         Derivative
                                                                        amount       financial assets financial liabilities


                   Interest rate derivatives                         2,343,658                  8,600                    (9,003)
                   Currency derivatives                              1,009,226                 11,324                    (9,884)
                   Precious metal and other derivatives                155,718                  2,029                    (2,147)


                   Total                                             3,508,602                 21,953                   (21,034)

                   At 31 December 2022
                                                                                                   Fair value
                                                                       Notional             Derivative              Derivative
                                                                       amount         financial assets      financial liabilities


                   Interest rate derivatives                         1,928,894                   4,907                   (5,184)
                   Currency derivatives                                690,538                   8,291                   (8,390)
                   Precious metal and other derivatives                 71,063                     981                     (888)


                   Total                                             2,690,495                 14,179                   (14,462)
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023      217




                                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                              (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
15    Derivative Financial Instruments (continued)
      Under the daily mark-to-market and settlement arrangement, any gains or losses of the Group’s position
      in interest rate swap contracts settled in the Shanghai Clearing House, precious metals futures, precious
      metals (T+D) and standard bond forward were settled daily and the corresponding receipts and payments
      were included in the guaranteed deposits.

16    Financial Assets Purchased Under Resale Agreements
(1)   Analyzed by type and location of counterparties
                                                                             31 December            31 December
                                                                                    2023                   2022


      In Chinese Mainland
         – Banks                                                                      8,480                  15,192
         – Other financial institutions                                              66,070                     700
      Interest accrued                                                                   71                       1


      Gross amount                                                                   74,621                  15,893
      Less: Allowance for ECLs (Note VI.25)                                             (26)                     (7)


      Carrying amount                                                                74,595                  15,886


(2)   Analyzed by type of collateral
                                                                             31 December            31 December
                                                                                    2023                   2022


      Bills                                                                            6,782                  2,022
      Bonds
         – Financial bonds                                                           40,378                   2,239
         – Government bonds                                                          27,390                  11,631
      Interest accrued                                                                   71                       1


      Gross amount                                                                   74,621                  15,893
      Less: Allowance for ECLs (Note VI.25)                                             (26)                     (7)


      Carrying amount                                                                74,595                  15,886
218   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      17           Loans and Advances to Customers
                                                                                                         31 December           31 December
                                                                                                                2023                  2022


                   Loans and advances to customers measured at AC                                             1,325,604            1,163,019
                   Loans and advances to customers measured at FVOCI                                            347,668              323,272


                   Total                                                                                      1,673,272            1,486,291


      (1)          Analyzed by classification and nature
                                                                                                         31 December           31 December
                                                                                           Note                 2023                  2022


                   Loans and advances to customers measured at AC
                   Corporate loans and advances                                                                 898,657              808,018


                   Personal loans and advances
                     – Personal business loans                                                                  177,685              159,281
                     – Personal consumer loans                                                                  146,710              122,278
                     – Residential mortgage loans                                                               137,853              107,249


                   Personal loans and advances                                                                  462,248              388,808


                   Loans and advances to customers measured at FVOCI
                   Corporate loans and advances                                                                 229,513              179,061
                   Discounted bills                                                         (a)                 102,195              112,374
                   Personal loans and advances                                                                   14,444               29,073


                   Subtotal                                                                                   1,707,057            1,517,334

                   Fair value changes                                                                              1,417                2,605
                   Interest accrued                                                                                7,766                5,091


                   Gross amount                                                                               1,716,240            1,525,030
                   Less: Allowance for ECLs (Note VI.25)                                                        (42,968)             (38,739)


                   Carrying amount                                                                            1,673,272            1,486,291

                   (a)     At balance sheet date, part of discounted bills are pledged for secured liabilities, please refer to Note XI 1.
                                                                                            Annual Report 2023      219




                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                       (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
17    Loans and Advances to Customers (continued)
(2)   Analyzed by type of collateral
                                                31 December 2023               31 December 2022
                                                Amount    Proportion           Amount     Proportion


      Unsecured loans                           464,799      27.23%            367,312               24.21%
      Guaranteed loans                          326,813      19.14%            289,524               19.08%
      Collateralized loans
        – Mortgage loans                        752,103      44.06%            675,821               44.53%
        – Pledged loans                          61,147       3.58%             72,303                4.77%
      Discounted bills                          102,195       5.99%            112,374                7.41%


      Subtotal                                 1,707,057    100.00%          1,517,334             100.00%

      Fair value changes                           1,417                           2,605
      Interest accrued                             7,766                           5,091


      Gross amount                             1,716,240                     1,525,030
      Less: Allowance for ECLs (Note VI.25)      (42,968)                      (38,739)


      Carrying amount                          1,673,272                     1,486,291
220   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      17           Loans and Advances to Customers (continued)
      (3)          Overdue loans and advances to customers analyzed by overdue period (fair value changes and interest
                   accrued excluded)
                                                                             31 December 2023
                                                                      Overdue      Overdue
                                                       Overdue        between      between
                                                          within     3 months 1 year and      Overdue
                                                      3 months      and 1 year      3 years  more than
                                                     (inclusive)    (inclusive)  (inclusive)   3 years            Total


                   Unsecured loans                        2,468         3,212         1,317           64          7,061
                   Guaranteed loans                       1,186         1,226           435          737          3,584
                   Collateralized loans
                     – Mortgage loans                     4,554         8,292         3,883            49       16,778
                     – Pledged loans                         63            83           147            70          363


                   Total overdue loans                    8,271        12,813         5,782          920        27,786

                                                                               31 December 2022
                                                                       Overdue        Overdue
                                                        Overdue        between        between
                                                           within    3 months      1 year and    Overdue
                                                      3 months      and 1 year         3 years  more than
                                                      (inclusive)    (inclusive)    (inclusive)   3 years         Total


                   Unsecured loans                        2,279         2,981         1,085           38          6,383
                   Guaranteed loans                       2,733         1,066         4,283          216          8,298
                   Collateralized loans
                     – Mortgage loans                     6,721         5,858         1,417          106        14,102
                     – Pledged loans                        572           170           411            6         1,159


                   Total overdue loans                  12,305         10,075         7,196          366        29,942

                   Overdue loans represent loans of which the whole or part of the principal or interest has been overdue
                   for one day or more.
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2023      221




                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                            (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
17    Loans and Advances to Customers (continued)
(4)   Analyzed by assessment of allowance for ECLs
(a)   Allowance for ECLs of loans and advances to customers measured at AC (interest accrued excluded)
                                                                31 December 2023
                                                     Stage 1    Stage 2      Stage 3                         Total


      Loans and advances to customers
        measured at AC
        – Corporate loans and advances               831,914     50,117               16,626             898,657
        – Personal loans and advances                448,462      5,059                8,727             462,248


      Gross amount                              1,280,376         55,176              25,353          1,360,905
      Less: Allowance for ECLs (Note VI.25)       (11,404)       (14,776)            (16,788)           (42,968)


      Carrying amount                           1,268,972        40,400                 8,565         1,317,937

                                                                31 December 2022
                                                     Stage 1    Stage 2       Stage 3                        Total


      Loans and advances to customers
        measured at AC
        – Corporate loans and advances               749,559     39,344               19,115             808,018
        – Personal loans and advances                378,014      4,263                6,531             388,808


      Gross amount                              1,127,573         43,607              25,646          1,196,826
      Less: Allowance for ECLs (Note VI.25)       (13,094)       (10,428)            (15,217)           (38,739)


      Carrying amount                           1,114,479        33,179               10,429          1,158,087
222   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      17           Loans and Advances to Customers (continued)
      (4)          Analyzed by assessment of allowance for ECLs (continued)
      (b)          Allowance for ECLs of loans and advances to customers measured at FVOCI (fair value changes and
                   interest accrued excluded)

                                                                              31 December 2023
                                                               Stage 1        Stage 2      Stage 3         Total


                   Loans and advances to customers
                     measured at FVOCI
                     – Corporate loans and advances            228,678           385           450       229,513
                     – Discounted bills                        101,825           357            13       102,195
                     – Personal loans and advances              13,756           234           454        14,444


                   Total                                       344,259           976           917       346,152


                   Allowance for ECLs (Note VI.25)              (1,351)          (101)         (490)      (1,942)

                                                                              31 December 2022
                                                               Stage 1        Stage 2       Stage 3         Total


                   Loans and advances to customers
                     measured at FVOCI
                     – Corporate loans and advances            177,494           989           578       179,061
                     – Discounted bills                        112,294            49            31       112,374
                     – Personal loans and advances              28,915           133            25        29,073


                   Total                                       318,703          1,171          634       320,508


                   Allowance for ECLs (Note VI.25)              (1,723)           (38)         (225)      (1,986)
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2023      223




                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                            (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
17    Loans and Advances to Customers (continued)
(5)   Movements of the allowance for ECLs of loans and advances to customers
(a)   Movements of the allowance for ECLs of loans and advances to customers measured at AC
                                                                      2023
                                                  Stage 1       Stage 2             Stage 3                  Total


      Balance at 1 January 2023                    13,094        10,428               15,217               38,739
      Transfer
        – to Stage 1                                  330           (297)                (33)                   –
        – to Stage 2                                 (331)           523                (192)                   –
        – to Stage 3                                 (155)        (1,761)              1,916                    –
      (Reversal)/charge (Note VI.7)                (1,541)         5,883               9,893               14,235
      Write-off and transfer out                        –              –             (11,878)             (11,878)
      Recoveries of loans and advances
        previously written off                          –              –                2,016               2,016
      Other movements                                   7              –                 (151)               (144)


      Balance at 31 December 2023                  11,404        14,776               16,788               42,968

                                                                       2022
                                                  Stage 1        Stage 2             Stage 3                 Total


      Balance at 1 January 2022                    11,387         7,275               16,688               35,350
      Transfer
        – to Stage 1                                  203          (193)                  (10)                  –
        – to Stage 2                                 (209)          442                 (233)                   –
        – to Stage 3                                 (109)         (913)               1,022                    –
      Charge (Note VI.7)                            1,773         3,817               10,406               15,996
      Write-off and transfer out                        –             –              (14,388)             (14,388)
      Recoveries of loans and advances
        previously written off                          –              –                1,972               1,972
      Other movements                                  49              –                 (240)               (191)


      Balance at 31 December 2022                  13,094        10,428               15,217               38,739
224   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      17           Loans and Advances to Customers (continued)
      (5)          Movements of the allowance for ECLs of loans and advances to customers (continued)
      (b)          Movements of the allowance for ECLs on loans and advances to customers measured at FVOCI
                                                                                    2023
                                                               Stage 1        Stage 2          Stage 3           Total


                   Balance at 1 January 2023                     1,723               38            225           1,986
                   Transfer
                     – to Stage 1                                    1               (1)              –              –
                     – to Stage 2                                   (7)               8              (1)             –
                     – to Stage 3                                  (18)              (7)             25              –
                   (Reversal)/charge (Note VI.7)                  (348)              63             532            247
                   Write-off and transfer out                        –                –            (291)          (291)


                   Balance at 31 December 2023                   1,351              101            490           1,942

                                                                                       2022
                                                               Stage 1           Stage 2        Stage 3           Total


                   Balance at 1 January 2022                       680                –             57             737
                   Transfer
                     – to Stage 1                                    –                –              –               –
                     – to Stage 2                                    –                –              –               –
                     – to Stage 3                                   (3)               –              3               –
                   Charge (Note VI.7)                            1,046               38            165           1,249


                   Balance at 31 December 2022                   1,723               38            225           1,986


      18           Financial Investments
                                                                                       31 December         31 December
                                                                          Notes               2023                2022


                   Financial investments measured at FVTPL                18.1                233,141          189,020
                   Financial investments measured at AC                   18.2                463,311          368,792
                   Financial investments measured at FVOCI                18.3                304,185          194,037


                   Total                                                                   1,000,637           751,849
                                                                                                             Annual Report 2023      225




                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                        (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
18     Financial Investments (continued)
18.1   Financial investments measured at FVTPL
                                                                                      31 December             31 December
                                                                         Note                2023                    2022


       Fund investments                                                    (1)               147,430                 126,128
       Bond and ABS investments
         – Government bonds                                                                     1,841                   4,752
         – Financial bonds                                                                     28,409                   9,451
         – Interbank certificates of deposit                                                   19,391                   7,851
         – Asset-backed securities (“ABS”)                                                     15,908                  21,417
         – Other bonds                                                                         12,469                  12,185
       Equity investments                                                                       4,336                   4,092
       Trust schemes and asset management plans                                                 3,289                   2,924
       Wealth management products                                                                  68                     220


       Total                                                                                 233,141                 189,020

       (1)     Fund investments include the Group’s investments in funds that are included in the scope of consolidation in
               accordance with the definition of control set out in Note VII.2.


       Analyzed by listing location:

                                                                                      31 December             31 December
                                                                                             2023                    2022


       Fund investments
         – Listed outside Hong Kong                                                          147,430                 126,128
       Bond and ABS investments
         – Listed in Hong Kong                                                                  9,276                  14,285
         – Listed outside Hong Kong                                                            68,742                  41,371
       Trust schemes and asset management plans
         – Unlisted                                                                              3,289                  2,924
       Equity investments
         – Listed outside Hong Kong                                                              3,027                  1,654
         – Unlisted                                                                              1,309                  2,438
       Wealth management products
         – Unlisted                                                                                  68                    220


       Total                                                                                 233,141                 189,020

       Bond investments traded on the Mainland interbank bond market are included in the listed outside Hong
       Kong category.
226   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      18           Financial Investments (continued)
      18.1         Financial investments measured at FVTPL (continued)
                   Analyzed by type of issuers:

                                                                                                    31 December          31 December
                                                                                                           2023                 2022


                   Chinese Mainland issuers
                      – Government                                                                             678               4,752
                      – Banking and other financial institutions                                           203,526             163,122
                      – Corporate entities                                                                  21,146              15,497
                   Issuers outside Chinese Mainland
                      – Government                                                                            1,163                   –
                      – Banking and other financial institutions                                              4,354                 987
                      – Corporate entities                                                                    2,274               4,662


                   Total                                                                                   233,141             189,020


      18.2         Financial investments measured at AC
                                                                                                    31 December          31 December
                                                                                      Notes                2023                 2022


                   Bond and ABS investments                                             (1)
                      – Government bonds                                                                   192,287             155,550
                      – Financial bonds                                                                    147,418              75,372
                      – Debt financing plans                                                                 9,329              44,029
                      – Asset-backed securities (“ABS”)                                                      5,851                 664
                      – Other bonds                                                                         27,305              25,760
                   Trust schemes and asset management plans                             (2)                101,509              81,190
                   Interest accrued                                                                          7,330               7,275


                   Gross amount                                                                            491,029             389,840
                   Less: Allowance for ECLs (Note VI.25)                                                   (27,718)            (21,048)


                   Carrying amount                                                                         463,311             368,792

                   (1)     At balance sheet date, part of bond investments measured at amortised cost are pledged for secured liabilities,
                           please refer to Note XI 1.

                   (2)     Trust schemes and asset management plans, mainly invested in credit assets and equity investments under
                           repurchase agreements, are managed and operated by third-party trustees or asset managers.
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023      227




                                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                             (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
18     Financial Investments (continued)
18.2   Financial investments measured at AC (continued)
       Analyzed by listing location:

                                                                         31 December               31 December
                                                                                2023                      2022


       Bond and ABS investments
          – Listed in Hong Kong                                                    15,993                  23,018
          – Listed outside Hong Kong                                              356,364                 234,328
          – Unlisted                                                                9,833                  44,029
       Trust schemes and asset management plans
          – Unlisted                                                              101,509                   81,190
       Interest accrued                                                             7,330                    7,275


       Total                                                                      491,029                 389,840

       Analyzed by type of issuers:

                                                                         31 December               31 December
                                                                                2023                      2022


       Chinese Mainland issuers
          – Government                                                            191,336                 155,550
          – Banking and other financial institutions                              147,531                  75,428
          – Corporate entities                                                    135,709                 143,531
       Issuers outside Chinese Mainland
          – Government                                                                  951                      –
          – Banking and other financial institutions                                     35                      –
          – Corporate entities                                                        8,137                  8,056
       Interest accrued                                                               7,330                  7,275

       Total                                                                      491,029                 389,840

       The gross amount and allowance for ECLs of financial investments measured at AC are analyzed as
       follows (interest accrued excluded):

                                                                  31 December 2023
                                                       Stage1      Stage2       Stage3                        Total


       Financial investments measured at AC            417,991     12,492              53,216             483,699
       Less: Allowance for ECLs (Note VI.25)            (1,020)    (3,434)            (23,264)            (27,718)


       Carrying amount                                 416,971      9,058              29,952             455,981
228   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      18           Financial Investments (continued)
      18.2         Financial investments measured at AC (continued)
                                                                               31 December 2022
                                                                 Stage1         Stage2       Stage3        Total


                   Financial investments measured at AC         331,120         18,877        32,568    382,565
                   Less: Allowance for ECLs (Note VI.25)           (980)        (3,866)      (16,202)   (21,048)


                   Carrying amount                              330,140         15,011       16,366     361,517

                   Movement of allowance for ECLs of financial investments measured at AC

                                                                                     2023
                                                                Stage 1        Stage 2       Stage 3      Total


                   Balance at 1 January 2023                        980          3,866       16,202      21,048
                   Transfer
                     – to Stage 1                                       –             –            –          –
                     – to Stage 2                                     (18)           18            –          –
                     – to Stage 3                                       –        (1,973)       1,973          –
                   Charge (Note VI.7)                                  55         1,523        9,628     11,206
                   Write-off and transfer out                           –             –       (5,848)    (5,848)
                   Recoveries of financial investments
                     previously written off                             –             –        1,757      1,757
                   Other movements                                      3             –         (448)      (445)


                   Balance at 31 December 2023                    1,020          3,434       23,264      27,718

                                                                                      2022
                                                                 Stage 1        Stage 2      Stage 3       Total


                   Balance at 1 January 2022                      1,069          1,915       13,691      16,675
                   Transfer
                     – to Stage 1                                        –           –             –          –
                     – to Stage 2                                     (68)          68             –          –
                     – to Stage 3                                     (13)        (607)          620          –
                   (Reversal)/charge (Note VI.7)                        (8)      2,490         9,911     12,393
                   Write-off and transfer out                            –           –        (8,648)    (8,648)
                   Recoveries of financial investments
                     previously written off                             –             –        1,104      1,104
                   Other movements                                      –             –         (476)      (476)


                   Balance at 31 December 2022                      980          3,866       16,202      21,048
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2023      229




                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
18     Financial Investments (continued)
18.3   Financial investments measured at FVOCI
                                                                                     31 December            31 December
                                                                        Notes               2023                   2022


       Bond and ABS investments                                          (1)
          – Government bonds                                                               105,407                   78,797
          – Central Bank Bill                                                                  520                      950
          – Financial bonds                                                                 68,415                   26,525
          – Interbank certificates of deposit                                               38,833                   34,056
          – Asset-backed securities (“ABS”)                                                 34,017                   13,726
          – Other bonds                                                                     52,703                   35,739
       Other debt instruments                                                                  121                      999
       Interest accrued                                                                      2,825                    1,932


       Subtotal                                                                            302,841                 192,724

       Financial investments designated to be measured at
         FVOCI
       Equity investments                                                (2)                   1,344                  1,313


       Total                                                                               304,185                 194,037

       (1)     At balance sheet date, part of bond and ABS investments in the financial investments measured at FVOCI are
               pledged for secured liabilities, please refer to Note XI 1.

       (2)     Certain non-trading equity investments are designated by the Group as financial investments measured at
               FVOCI. For the year ended 31 December 2023, dividend income recognized on such equity investments
               amounted to RMB6 million (For the year ended 31 December 2022: RMB8 million).

       Analyzed by listing location:

                                                                                     31 December            31 December
                                                                                            2023                   2022


       Bond and ABS investments and other debt instruments
          – Listed in Hong Kong                                                             41,388                  22,950
          – Listed outside Hong Kong                                                       230,413                 166,843
          – Unlisted                                                                        28,215                     999
       Equity investments
          – Unlisted                                                                           1,344                  1,313
       Interest accrued                                                                        2,825                  1,932


       Total                                                                               304,185                 194,037
230   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      18           Financial Investments (continued)
      18.3         Financial investments measured at FVOCI (continued)
                   Analyzed by type of issuers:

                                                                                     31 December       31 December
                                                                                            2023              2022


                   Chinese Mainland issuers
                      – Government and Central Bank                                       95,468            70,485
                      – Banking and other financial institutions                          77,708            23,787
                      – Corporate entities                                                60,452            36,660
                   Issuers outside Chinese Mainland
                      – Government and Central Bank                                       10,459             8,312
                      – Banking and other financial institutions                          41,246            40,657
                      – Corporate entities                                                14,683            10,891
                   Interest accrued                                                        2,825             1,932


                   Subtotal                                                              302,841           192,724

                   Equity investments                                                      1,344             1,313


                   Total                                                                 304,185           194,037

                   The gross amount and allowance for ECLs of debt instruments measured at FVOCI are analyzed as
                   follows (fair value changes and interest accrued excluded):

                                                                              31 December 2023
                                                                   Stage1      Stage2       Stage3           Total


                   Debt instruments measured at FVOCI              298,625      1,347         391          300,363


                   Allowance for ECLs (Note VI.25)                    (224)      (106)        (187)           (517)

                                                                              31 December 2022
                                                                    Stage1     Stage2       Stage3            Total


                   Debt instruments measured at FVOCI              193,714          –              –       193,714


                   Allowance for ECLs (Note VI.25)                    (391)         –              –          (391)
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2023    231




                                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                               (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
18     Financial Investments (continued)
18.3   Financial investments measured at FVOCI (continued)
       Movement of the allowance for ECLs of debt instruments measured at FVOCI
                                                                            2023
                                                          Stage 1     Stage 2          Stage 3                  Total


       Balance at 1 January 2023                              391          –                     –                391
       Transfer
         – to Stage 1                                            –         –                   –                    –
         – to Stage 2                                          (11)       11                   –                    –
         – to Stage 3                                            –         –                   –                    –
       (Reversal)/charge (Note VI.7)                          (159)       95                 187                  123
       Other movements                                           3         –                   –                    3


       Balance at 31 December 2023                            224        106                 187                  517

                                                                            2022
                                                          Stage 1     Stage 2           Stage 3                 Total


       Balance at 1 January 2022                              146          –                   28                 174
       Transfer
         – to Stage 1                                           –          –                     –                  –
         – to Stage 2                                           –          –                     –                  –
         – to Stage 3                                           –          –                     –                  –
       Charge/(reversal) (Note VI.7)                          240          –                  (22)                218
       Write-off                                                –          –                    (6)                (6)
       Other movements                                          5          –                     –                  5


       Balance at 31 December 2022                            391          –                     –                391


19     Investment in Subsidiary
       The Bank
                                                                            31 December                31 December
                                                                                   2023                       2022


       Zheyin Financial Leasing                                                         2,040                  2,040

       For details of the subsidiary, please refer to Note VII.1.
232   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      20           Fixed Assets
                                                                                            31 December         31 December
                                                                             Notes                 2023                2022


                   Fixed assets                                                   (1)              22,345            16,565
                   Construction in progress                                       (2)               2,396             1,829


                   Total                                                                           24,741            18,394


      (1)          Fixed assets
                                                                                                 Fixed assets
                                                                                                       leased
                                                      Properties    Office and                      out under
                                                             and     electronic           Motor     operating
                                                       buildings    equipment           vehicles       leases         Total


                   Cost
                     At 1 January 2023                   15,895          2,079              177        2,700         20,851
                     Additions                            2,582            206               21        4,832          7,641
                     Transfers from construction in
                       progress                              60              –                –            –             60
                     Disposals and other changes              –            (18)             (10)        (905)          (933)


                      At 31 December 2023                18,537          2,267              188        6,627         27,619


                   Less: Accumulated depreciation
                     At 1 January 2023                    (2,350)       (1,500)            (130)        (306)        (4,286)
                     Charge                                 (630)         (217)             (14)        (217)        (1,078)
                     Disposals and other changes               –            18                9           63             90


                      At 31 December 2023                 (2,980)       (1,699)            (135)        (460)        (5,274)


                   Carrying amount
                     Balance at 31 December 2023         15,557            568               53        6,167         22,345


                      Balance at 1 January 2023          13,545            579               47        2,394         16,565
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023      233




                                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                              (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
20    Fixed Assets (continued)
(1)   Fixed assets (continued)
                                                                                 Fixed assets
                                                                                       leased
                                           Properties   Office and                  out under
                                                  and    electronic       Motor     operating
                                            buildings   equipment       vehicles       leases                  Total


      Cost
        At 1 January 2022                     12,664         1,923          164            1,664             16,415
        Additions                              2,885           187           23            1,371              4,466
        Transfers from construction in
          progress                               346             –            –                 –                346
        Disposals                                  –           (31)         (10)             (335)              (376)


        At 31 December 2022                   15,895         2,079          177            2,700             20,851


      Less: Accumulated depreciation
        At 1 January 2022                     (1,834)       (1,274)        (125)             (194)           (3,427)
        Charge                                  (516)         (254)          (14)            (126)             (910)
        Disposals                                  –            28             9               14                51


        At 31 December 2022                   (2,350)       (1,500)        (130)             (306)           (4,286)


      Carrying amount
        Balance at 31 December 2022           13,545           579           47            2,394             16,565


        Balance at 1 January 2022             10,830           649           39            1,470             12,988

      At 31 December 2023, there is no significant idle assets held by the Group. (31 December 2022: Nil).

      At 31 December 2023, the Group’s properties and buildings with a net value of RMB1,817 million (31
      December 2022: RMB1,934 million) were still in progress of obtaining the legal titles.
234   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      20           Fixed Assets (continued)
      (2)          Construction in progress
                                                                            Construction
                                                                             in progress


                   Balance at 1 January 2023                                      1,829
                   Additions for the year                                           760
                   Transfers to fixed assets                                        (60)
                   Transfers to long-term prepaid expenses                         (133)


                   Balance at 31 December 2023                                    2,396

                                                                            Construction
                                                                             in progress


                   Balance at 1 January 2022                                      1,677
                   Additions for the year                                           565
                   Transfers to fixed assets                                       (346)
                   Transfers to long-term prepaid expenses                           (67)


                   Balance at 31 December 2022                                    1,829
                                                                                               Annual Report 2023     235




                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                         (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
21    Lease
(1)   Right-of-use assets
                                                           Properties
                                               Land use           and
                                                  rights    buildings              Others                 Total


      Cost
        At 1 January 2023                         1,950        5,684                     56              7,690
        Additions                                     –          696                      2                698
        Reductions                                    –         (470)                    (5)              (475)


        At 31 December 2023                       1,950        5,910                     53              7,913


      Less: Accumulated depreciation
        At 1 January 2023                          (272)       (2,379)                  (23)            (2,674)
        Charge                                      (49)         (700)                   (7)              (756)
        Reductions                                    –           416                     5                421


        At 31 December 2023                        (321)       (2,663)                  (25)            (3,009)


      Carrying amount
        Balance at 31 December 2023               1,629        3,247                     28              4,904


        Balance at 1 January 2023                 1,678        3,305                     33              5,016
236   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      21           Lease (continued)
      (1)          Right-of-use assets (continued)
                                                                                  Properties
                                                                   Land use              and
                                                                      rights       buildings             Others            Total


                   Cost
                     At 1 January 2022                                1,950           4,658                 49            6,657
                     Additions                                            –           1,094                 10            1,104
                     Reductions                                           –             (68)                (3)             (71)


                      At 31 December 2022                             1,950           5,684                 56            7,690


                   Less: Accumulated depreciation
                     At 1 January 2022                                   (223)        (1,747)               (17)         (1,987)
                     Charge                                                (49)         (637)                 (6)          (692)
                     Reductions                                              –             5                   –              5


                      At 31 December 2022                                (272)        (2,379)               (23)         (2,674)


                   Carrying amount
                     Balance at 31 December 2022                      1,678           3,305                 33            5,016


                      Balance at 1 January 2022                       1,727           2,911                 32            4,670

                   At 31 December 2023, there is no significant land use rights held by the Group for which the title
                   certificate has not been issued. (31 December 2022: Nil).

      (2)          Lease liabilities
                   Analysis of undiscounted lease payments on the maturity date of lease liabilities:

                                                                                            31 December             31 December
                                                                                                   2023                    2022


                   Within 1 year (inclusive)                                                             766                772
                   1 – 2 years (inclusive)                                                               764                732
                   2 – 3 years (inclusive)                                                               743                675
                   3 – 4 years (inclusive)                                                               412                732
                   4 – 5 years (inclusive)                                                               337                159
                   Above 5 years                                                                         619                686


                   The total amount of undiscounted lease payments                                      3,641             3,756


                   Carrying amount of lease liabilities at 31 December                                  3,257             3,318
                                                                                    Annual Report 2023      237




                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                               (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
22   Intangible Assets
                                                                                         Computer
                                                                                          software


     Cost
       At 1 January 2023                                                                       1,049
       Additions                                                                                 148


       At 31 December 2023                                                                     1,197


     Less: Accumulated amortisation
       At 1 January 2023                                                                         (432)
       Charge                                                                                     (95)


       At 31 December 2023                                                                       (527)


     Carrying amount
       Balance at 31 December 2023                                                                670


       Balance at 1 January 2023                                                                  617

                                                                                          Computer
                                                                                           software


     Cost
       At 1 January 2022                                                                          840
       Additions                                                                                  209


       At 31 December 2022                                                                     1,049


     Less: Accumulated amortisation
       At 1 January 2022                                                                         (354)
       Charge                                                                                      (78)


       At 31 December 2022                                                                       (432)


     Carrying amount
       Balance at 31 December 2022                                                                617


       Balance at 1 January 2022                                                                  486
238   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      23           Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities
      (1)          Deferred tax assets and liabilities before offsetting
                                                                              31 December 2023                31 December 2022
                                                                          Deductible/                      Deductible/
                                                                             (taxable)    Deferred            (taxable)     Deferred
                                                                           temporary tax assets/            temporary   tax assets/
                                                                Notes      difference   (liabilities)       difference    (liabilities)


                   Allowance for ECLs and provisions                           82,323          20,581          79,562           19,891
                   Employee benefits payable                                    2,394             598           2,838              710
                   Unrealized losses of financial
                      instruments measured at FVTPL and
                      precious metals                                            1,298             324           1,279             320
                   Unrealized losses of financial
                      investments measured at FVOCI                                  –               –              29               7
                   Others                                        (i)             4,055           1,014           4,156           1,038


                   Deferred tax assets before offsetting                       90,070          22,517          87,864           21,966


                   Depreciation of fixed assets                                   (499)           (125)           (344)             (86)
                   Unrealized gains of financial
                     investments measured at FVOCI                              (1,388)           (347)               –               –
                   Unrealized gains of derivative financial
                     instruments                                                  (172)            (43)           (577)           (144)
                   Others                                        (i)            (3,275)           (818)         (3,338)           (835)


                   Deferred tax liabilities before offsetting                   (5,334)         (1,333)         (4,259)         (1,065)


                   Net amount after offsetting                                 84,736          21,184          83,605           20,901

                   (i)   According to Amendments to IAS 12, Deferred tax related to assets and liabilities arising from a single
                         transaction , the Group recognized the deferred income tax liabilities and deferred income tax assets related to
                         the lease, and adjusted the comparative figures accordingly.


      (2)          Changes in deferred tax
                                                                                                   31 December            31 December
                                                                                                          2023                   2022


                   Balance at the beginning of the year                                                    20,901              18,077
                   Charge to profit or loss for the year                                                      658               3,070
                   Charge to other comprehensive income                                                      (375)               (246)


                   Balance at the end of the year                                                          21,184              20,901

                   At the balance sheet date, the Group has no significant unrecognized deferred tax assets and liabilities.
                                                                                     Annual Report 2023      239




                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
24    Other Assets
                                                               31 December            31 December
                                                       Notes          2023                   2022


      Finance lease receivables                         (1)            55,921                  46,752
      Settlement and clearing accounts                                  2,093                   1,434
      Guaranteed deposits                                               1,760                   1,040
      Interest receivable                                               1,245                     974
      Continuing involvement assets (Note VI.45 (1))                    1,212                   1,577
      Repossessed assets                                                1,105                     808
      Long-term prepaid expenses                        (2)             1,014                     768
      Prepayment                                                          685                     560
      Fee receivables                                                     662                     678
      Deductible input Value Added Tax (“VAT”)                            864                     598
      Others                                                            1,453                   1,081


      Total                                                            68,014                  56,270


(1)   Finance lease receivables
                                                               31 December            31 December
                                                                      2023                   2022


      Finance lease receivables                                          4,759                  3,128
      Less: Unrecognized finance income                                   (655)                  (270)


      Balance of finance lease receivables                              4,104                   2,858
      Finance leaseback receivables                                    53,205                  44,986


      Subtotal                                                         57,309                  47,844

      Interest accrued                                                     506                    414
      Less: Allowance for ECLs (Note VI.25)                             (1,894)                (1,506)


      Carrying amount                                                  55,921                  46,752
240   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      24           Other Assets (continued)
      (1)          Finance lease receivables (continued)
                   The undiscounted finance lease receivables to be received by the Group in each of the five consecutive
                   accounting years after the balance sheet date are as follows:

                                                                 31 December 2023                31 December 2022
                                                                 Amount    Proportion            Amount     Proportion


                   Within 1 year (inclusive)                        1,976        41.53%            1,594         50.97%
                   1 – 2 years (inclusive)                          1,304        27.40%              959         30.66%
                   2 – 3 years (inclusive)                            393         8.26%              368         11.76%
                   3 – 4 years (inclusive)                            199         4.18%               63          2.01%
                   4 – 5 years (inclusive)                            152         3.19%               20          0.64%
                   Above 5 years                                      735        15.44%              124          3.96%


                   Total                                            4,759       100.00%            3,128        100.00%

                   Analyzed by assessment of allowance for ECLs of finance lease receivables (interest accrued excluded)

                                                                                 31 December 2023
                                                                  Stage1          Stage2       Stage3              Total


                   Finance lease receivables                       55,218           1,364            727          57,309
                   Less: Allowance for ECLs (Note VI.25)           (1,230)           (192)          (472)         (1,894)


                   Carrying amount                                 53,988           1,172            255          55,415

                                                                                 31 December 2022
                                                                   Stage1         Stage2       Stage3               Total


                   Finance lease receivables                       45,744             645          1,455          47,844
                   Less: Allowance for ECLs (Note VI.25)             (916)            (58)          (532)         (1,506)


                   Carrying amount                                 44,828             587            923          46,338
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2023      241




                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                  (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
24    Other Assets (continued)
(1)   Finance lease receivables (continued)
      Movements of the allowance for ECLs of finance lease receivables

                                                                   31 December 2023
                                                    Stage 1        Stage 2      Stage 3                            Total


      Balance at 1 January 2023                         916                58                   532               1,506
      Transfer
        – to Stage 1                                      4                (4)                    –                    –
        – to Stage 2                                    (29)               71                   (42)                   –
        – to Stage 3                                    (15)               (1)                   16                    –
      Charge (Note VI.7)                                354                68                   129                  551
      Write-off                                           –                 –                  (317)                (317)
      Recoveries of finance lease receivables
        previously written off                             –                 –                  154                  154


      Balance at 31 December 2023                      1,230             192                    472               1,894

                                                                   31 December 2022
                                                     Stage 1       Stage 2       Stage 3                           Total


      Balance at 1 January 2022                         781              268                    328               1,377
      Transfer
        – to Stage 1                                      –                  –                    –                    –
        – to Stage 2                                    (16)                16                    –                    –
        – to Stage 3                                    (50)             (195)                  245                    –
      Charge/(reversal) (Note VI.7)                     201                (31)                 330                  500
      Write-off                                           –                  –                 (479)                (479)
      Recoveries of finance lease receivables
        previously written off                             –                 –                  108                  108


      Balance at 31 December 2022                       916                58                   532               1,506


(2)   Long-term prepaid expense
                                                                             31 December                31 December
                                                                                    2023                       2022


      Balance at 1 January                                                                   768                     734
      Additions                                                                              296                     149
      Transfers from construction in progress                                                133                      67
      Less: Accumulated amortisation                                                        (183)                   (182)


      Balance at 31 December                                                               1,014                     768
242   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      25           Allowance for ECLs
                                                                                 (Reversal)/
                                                                   1 January         charge      Write-off and        Others 31 December
                                                       Notes            2023    for the year      transfer out      (Note (1))      2023


                   Deposits with banks and other
                     financial institutions            VI.13              13               (6)                –             –              7
                   Placements with banks and other
                     financial institutions            VI.14             220            (215)                 –             1              6
                   Financial assets purchased under
                     resale agreements                 VI.16               7               19                 –             –            26
                   Loans and advances to customers     VI.17
                     – measured at AC                                 38,739          14,235          (11,878)         1,872          42,968
                     – measured at FVOCI                               1,986             247             (291)             –           1,942
                   Financial investments               VI.18
                     – measured at AC                                 21,048          11,206            (5,848)        1,312          27,718
                     – measured at FVOCI                                 391             123                 –             3             517
                   Finance lease receivables          VI.24(1)         1,506             551              (317)          154           1,894
                   Other assets                                          417             269              (103)           41             624
                   Off-balance sheet items             VI.34           1,838            (316)                –             1           1,523


                   Total                                              66,165          26,113          (18,437)         3,384          77,225

                                                                                     Charge/
                                                                    1 January       (reversal)   Write-off and        Others     31 December
                                                       Notes            2022     for the year     transfer out      (Note (1))          2022


                   Deposits with banks and other
                     financial institutions            VI.13               5                8                 –             –            13
                   Placements with banks and other
                     financial institutions            VI.14              51             165                  –             4           220
                   Financial assets purchased under
                     resale agreements                 VI.16              18              (11)                –             –              7
                   Loans and advances to customers     VI.17
                     – measured at AC                                 35,350          15,996          (14,388)         1,781          38,739
                     – measured at FVOCI                                 737           1,249                –              –           1,986
                   Financial investments               VI.18
                     – measured at AC                                 16,675          12,393            (8,648)          628          21,048
                     – measured at FVOCI                                 174             218                  (6)          5             391
                   Finance lease receivables          VI.24(1)         1,377             500              (479)          108           1,506
                   Other assets                                          232             251                (92)          26             417
                   Off-balance sheet items             VI.34           4,952          (3,116)                  –           2           1,838


                   Total                                              59,571          27,653          (23,613)         2,554          66,165

                   (1)     Others include the recoveries of financial assets previously written off and the effect of changes in exchange
                           rates.
                                                                                          Annual Report 2023      243




                                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                     (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
26   Due to the Central Bank
                                                                    31 December            31 December
                                                                           2023                   2022


     Bonds sold under repurchase agreements with the Central Bank         100,806                   78,572
     Bonds sold under repurchase agreements with the Central Bank          18,643                   18,351
     Interest accrued                                                         466                      247


     Total                                                                119,915                   97,170


27   Deposits from Banks and Other Financial Institutions
     Analyzed by type and location of counterparties
                                                                    31 December            31 December
                                                                           2023                   2022


     In Chinese Mainland
        – Banks                                                            61,743                  59,267
        – Other financial institutions                                    283,099                 174,251
     Outside Chinese Mainland
        – Banks                                                                361                       –
        – Other financial institutions                                      10,638                   7,020
     Interest accrued                                                        2,813                   1,276


     Total                                                                358,654                 241,814
244   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      28           Placements from Banks and Other Financial Institutions
                   Analyzed by accounting treatment, type and location of counterparties
                                                                                                           31 December           31 December
                                                                                            Note                  2023                  2022
                   Measured at amortised cost:
                   In Chinese Mainland
                      – Banks                                                                                       50,340               38,536
                      – Other financial institutions                                                                 2,000                3,400
                   Outside Chinese Mainland
                      – Banks                                                                                        7,003                 9,510
                   Interest accrued                                                                                    618                   409


                   Subtotal                                                                                         59,961               51,855


                   Designated as at fair value through profit or loss:                        (1)
                   In Chinese Mainland
                      – Banks                                                                                       26,208               11,835
                      – Other financial institutions                                                                 1,512                  465


                   Subtotal                                                                                         27,720               12,300


                   Total                                                                                            87,681               64,155

                   (1)     There were no significant changes in the credit spread of the Group and therefore the amounts of changes in
                           fair value of the financial liabilities designated as at fair value through profit or loss arising from changes in credit
                           risk were not considered significant. The changes in fair value of the financial liabilities were mainly attributable to
                           changes in other market factors.
                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023      245




                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                              (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
29   Financial Liabilities at Fair Value through Profit or Loss

                                                                                            31 December             31 December
                                                                             Notes                 2023                    2022


     Financial liabilities designated as at fair value
       through profit or loss                                                  (1)
       – Financial liabilities related to precious metals                                               120                       55
       – Others                                                                (2)                   13,312                        –


     Total                                                                                           13,432                       55

     (1)     The Group manages and evaluates the financial liability portfolio or financial assets and financial liability portfolio
             on the basis of fair value according to the enterprise risk management or investment strategy stated in the
             official written documents, and reports to key management personnel within the enterprise on this basis.There
             were no significant changes in the credit spread of the Group and therefore the amounts of changes in fair value
             of the financial liabilities designated as at fair value through profit or loss arising from changes in credit risk were
             not considered significant. The changes in fair value of the financial liabilities were mainly attributable to changes
             in other market factors.

     (2)     Others mainly represent shares held by other parties rather than the Group and liabilities of consolidated
             structured entities.


30   Financial Assets Sold Under Repurchase Agreements
     Analyzed by type of collateral

                                                                                            31 December             31 December
                                                                                                   2023                    2022


     Bonds sold under repurchase agreements                                                          62,042                   6,047
     Interest accrued                                                                                    64                      19


     Total                                                                                           62,106                   6,066
246   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      31           Customer Deposits
                                                                                  31 December    31 December
                                                                                         2023           2022


                   Demand deposits
                     – Corporate customers                                            653,026        614,537
                     – Personal customers                                              52,363         62,575


                   Subtotal                                                           705,389        677,112


                   Time deposits
                     – Corporate customers                                            914,175        830,064
                     – Personal customers                                             217,157        150,916


                   Subtotal                                                          1,131,332       980,980


                   Other deposits                                                       4,170          1,297


                   Interest accrued                                                    27,768         22,054


                   Total                                                             1,868,659     1,681,443

                   Pledged deposits of customer deposits are listed as follows:

                                                                                  31 December    31 December
                                                                                         2023           2022


                   Acceptances deposits                                                22,640         27,158
                   Letters of credit and guarantee deposits                            26,917         23,031
                   Other pledged deposits                                              82,601        108,297


                   Total                                                              132,158        158,486
                                                                                              Annual Report 2023    247




                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                       (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
32   Employee Benefits Payable
                                                             Accrual        Payments
                                                1 January     during           during 31 December
                                                     2023   the year         the year        2023


     Salaries, bonuses and allowances               5,646     8,929               (8,751)              5,824
     Staff welfare                                      –     1,146               (1,146)                  –
     Housing fund                                       –       530                 (530)                  –
     Social insurance
       – Medical insurance                             –        292                 (292)                   –
       – Work-related injury insurance                 –          7                   (7)                   –
       – Maternity insurance                           –          9                   (9)                   –
     Commercial insurance                              –        191                 (191)                   –
     Labour union fee and staff education fee        140        213                 (192)                 161
     Basic pension insurance                           –        544                 (544)                   –
     Unemployment insurance                            –         19                  (19)                   –
     Annuity                                           –        620                 (620)                   –


     Total                                          5,786    12,500             (12,301)               5,985

                                                             Accrual         Payments
                                                1 January     during            during         31 December
                                                    2022    the year          the year                2022


     Salaries, bonuses and allowances               5,180     8,265               (7,799)              5,646
     Staff welfare                                      –       714                 (714)                  –
     Housing fund                                       –       427                 (427)                  –
     Social insurance
       – Medical insurance                             –        234                 (234)                   –
       – Work-related injury insurance                 –          6                     (6)                 –
       – Maternity insurance                           –          7                     (7)                 –
     Commercial insurance                              –         74                   (74)                  –
     Labour union fee and staff education fee         98        174                 (132)                 140
     Basic pension insurance                           –        455                 (455)                   –
     Unemployment insurance                            –         15                   (15)                  –
     Annuity                                           –        525                 (525)                   –


     Total                                          5,278    10,896             (10,388)               5,786
248   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      33           Taxes Payable
                                                                                31 December   31 December
                                                                                       2023          2022


                   Income tax payable                                                 1,878         3,834
                   Value added tax (“VAT”) payable                                      812             –
                   Others                                                               219           193


                   Total                                                              2,909         4,027


      34           Provisions
                                                                                31 December   31 December
                                                                                       2023          2022


                   Allowance for ECLs of off-balance sheet items (Note VI.25)         1,523         1,838
                                                                                          Annual Report 2023      249




                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                     (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
35   Debt Securities Issued
                                                                    31 December            31 December
                                                            Notes          2023                   2022


     Fixed-rate offering – tier 2 capital bond – 2028        (1)                    –               15,000
     Fixed-rate small and micro businesses
        financial bonds – 2023                               (2)                    –               10,000
     Fixed-rate small and micro businesses
        financial bonds – 2023                               (3)                    –               15,000
     Fixed-rate small and micro businesses
        financial bonds – 2024                               (4)            10,000                  10,000
     Fixed-rate small and micro businesses
        financial bonds – 2025                               (5)            10,000                  10,000
     Fixed-rate small and micro businesses
        financial bonds – 2025                               (6)            10,000                  10,000
     Fixed-rate small and micro businesses
        financial bonds – 2025                               (7)              5,000                  5,000
     Fixed-rate small and micro businesses
        financial bonds – 2027                               (8)             5,000                   5,000
     Fixed-rate green financial bonds – 2025                 (9)            10,000                  10,000
     Fixed-rate special financial bonds for “agriculture,
        rural areas and farmers” – 2025                     (10)              5,000                  5,000
     Fixed-rate financial bonds – 2024                      (11)              1,500                  1,500
     Fixed-rate financial bonds – 2025                      (12)              1,400                  1,400
     Fixed-rate small and micro businesses
        financial bonds – 2026                              (13)            10,000                         –
     Fixed-rate small and micro businesses
        financial bonds – 2026                              (14)           15,000                       –
     Fixed-rate financial bonds – 2026                      (15)           30,000                       –
     Fixed-rate offering – tier 2 capital bond – 2033       (16)           20,000                       –
     Fixed-rate offering – tier 2 capital bond – 2033       (17)           10,000                       –
     Fixed-rate USD note – 2023                             (18)                –                     486
     Zero-coupon USD note – 2023                            (19)                –                     695
     Fixed-rate USD medium term note – 2024                 (20)            3,554                   3,475
     Certificates of deposit                                (21)            1,860                   1,243
     Interbank certificates of deposit                      (22)          245,948                 217,684


     Subtotal                                                             394,262                 321,483

     Interest accrued                                                         1,676                  1,550


     Total                                                                395,938                 323,033
250   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      35           Debt Securities Issued (continued)
                   (1)   Fixed-rate offering – tier 2 capital bonds of RMB15 billion were issued on 13 June 2018, with a maturity of 10
                         years and a fixed coupon rate of 4.80%. The Bank has an option to redeem the bond at its par value in 2023.
                         The Bank has chosen to redeem all the bonds on 15 June 2023.

                   (2)   Fixed-rate small and micro businesses financial bonds of RMB10 billion was issued on 3 March 2020, with a
                         maturity of 3 years and a fixed coupon rate of 2.95%. The bond matured on 5 March 2023.

                   (3)   Fixed-rate small and micro businesses financial bonds of RMB15 billion was issued on 8 April 2020, with a
                         maturity of 3 years and a fixed coupon rate of 2.50%. The bond matured on 10 April 2023.

                   (4)   Fixed-rate small and micro businesses financial bonds of RMB10 billion was issued on 24 September 2021, with
                         a maturity of 3 years and a fixed coupon rate of 3.00%.

                   (5)   Fixed-rate small and micro businesses financial bonds of RMB10 billion was issued on 23 February 2022, with a
                         maturity of 3 years and a fixed coupon rate of 2.83%.

                   (6)   Fixed-rate small and micro businesses financial bonds of RMB10 billion was issued on 7 April 2022, with a
                         maturity of 3 years and a fixed coupon rate of 2.93%.

                   (7)   Fixed-rate small and micro businesses financial bonds of RMB5 billion was issued on 18 October 2022, with a
                         maturity of 3 years and a fixed coupon rate of 2.47%.

                   (8)   Fixed-rate small and micro businesses financial bonds of RMB5 billion was issued on 18 October 2022, with a
                         maturity of 5 years and a fixed coupon rate of 2.85%.

                   (9)   Fixed-rate green financial bonds of RMB10 billion was issued on 13 December 2022, with a maturity of 3 years
                         and a fixed coupon rate of 3.05%.

                   (10) Fixed-rate special financial bonds for “agriculture, rural areas and farmers” of RMB5 billion was issued on 13
                        December 2022, with a maturity of 3 years and a fixed coupon rate of 3.05%.

                   (11) Zheyin Financial Leasing issued fixed-rate financial bonds of RMB1.5 billion on 22 July 2021, with a maturity of 3
                        years and a fixed coupon rate of 3.48%.

                   (12) Zheyin Financial Leasing issued fixed-rate financial bonds of RMB1.4 billion on 2 June 2022, with a maturity of 3
                        years and a fixed coupon rate of 2.97%.

                   (13) Fixed-rate small and micro businesses financial bonds of RMB10 billion was issued on 24 April 2023, with a
                        maturity of 3 years and a fixed coupon rate of 2.80%.

                   (14) Fixed-rate small and micro businesses financial bonds of RMB15 billion was issued on 3 November 2023, with a
                        maturity of 3 years and a fixed coupon rate of 2.82%.

                   (15) Fixed-rate financial bonds of RMB30 billion was issued on 24 July 2023, with a maturity of 3 years and a fixed
                        coupon rate of 2.62%.

                   (16) Fixed-rate offering – tier 2 capital bonds of RMB20 billion were issued on 25 May 2023, with a maturity of 10
                        years and a fixed coupon rate of 3.47%. The Bank has an option to redeem the bond at its par value in 2028.

                   (17) Fixed-rate offering – tier 2 capital bonds of RMB10 billion were issued on 23 November 2023, with a maturity
                        of 10 years and a fixed coupon rate of 3.50%. The Bank has an option to redeem the bond at its par value in
                        2028.
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2023      251




                                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                    (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
35   Debt Securities Issued (continued)
     (18) Fixed rate USD note of USD70 million (total value amounted RMB486 million) was issued by the Hong Kong
          Branch on 28 November 2022, with a fixed coupon rate of 4.00%. The note matured on 30 January 2023.

     (19) Zero coupon USD note of USD100 million (total value amounted RMB695 million) was issued by the Hong Kong
          Branch on 10 November 2022, The note matured on 10 February 2023.

     (20) Fixed-rate USD medium term note of USD0.5 billion (total value amounted RMB3,633 million, total value
          amounted RMB3,554 million in 2023) was issued by the Hong Kong Branch on 16 March 2021 with a maturity
          of 3 years. This note will mature in 2024 with a fixed coupon rate of 1.10%.

     (21) There were 7 unpaid certificates of deposit issued in RMB at Hong Kong Branch at 31 December 2023, which
          have total face value amounted RMB1,860 million with maturity less than one year. (There were 2 unpaid
          certificates of deposit at Hong Kong Branch at 31 December 2022, which have total face value amounted
          RMB1,243 million with maturity less than one year. One of the certificates of deposit were issued in US dollar
          with a face value amounted RMB243 million. The other certificates of deposit were issued in offshore RMB and
          have total face value amounted RMB1 billion).

     (22) At 31 December 2023, the Bank has issued a total of 121 interbank certificates of deposit in the interbank
          market but not yet due, with maximum maturity of one year (At 31 December 2022, the Bank has issued a total
          of 107 interbank certificates of deposit in the interbank market but not yet due, with maximum maturity of one
          year).


36   Other Liabilities
                                                                                   31 December            31 December
                                                                                          2023                   2022


     Deposits related to finance lease                                                       4,178                  3,756
     Settlement and clearing accounts                                                        3,231                  2,930
     Account payable                                                                         1,749                  1,732
     Continuing involvement liabilities (Note VI.45 (1))                                     1,212                  1,577
     Deferred income                                                                           665                    748
     Dividends payable                                                                          51                    194
     Others                                                                                  2,123                  1,896


     Total                                                                                 13,209                  12,833
252   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      37           Share Capital
                                                                                       31 December     31 December
                                                                                              2023            2022


                   Ordinary shares listed in Chinese Mainland (A share)                     21,544           16,715
                   Ordinary shares listed outside Chinese Mainland (H share)                 5,920            4,554


                   Total                                                                    27,464           21,269

                   On 27 June 2023, the Bank received the proceeds raised from the A share Rights Issue. The net
                   proceeds from the A share Rights Issue amounted to RMB9,722 million, of which RMB4,829 million was
                   credited to share capital and RMB4,893 million was credited to capital reserve.

                   On 28 July 2023, the Bank received the proceeds raised from the H share Rights Issue. The net
                   proceeds from the H share Rights Issue amounted to RMB2,754 million, of which RMB1,366 million was
                   credited to share capital and RMB1,388 million was credited to capital reserve.

      38           Other Equity Instruments
                                                                                       31 December     31 December
                                                                               Notes          2023            2022


                   Perpetual bonds                                              (1)         24,995           24,995


      (1)          Perpetual bonds
      (a)          List of perpetual bonds issued at the end of the period
                   Equity instruments in issue                                                       Perpetual bond
                   Issue date                                                                    25 November 2021
                   Accounting treatment                                                            Equity instrument
                   Initial interest rate                                                                       3.85%
                   Issuance price per share (RMB/share)                                                           100
                   Number (In millions)                                                                           250
                   Amount (RMB in millions)                                                                   25,000
                   Issuance fee (RMB in millions)                                                                   5
                   Maturity date                                                                   No maturity date
                   Conversion condition                                                                         None
                   Conversion status                                                                            None
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2023      253




                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                  (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
38    Other Equity Instruments (continued)
(1)   Perpetual bonds (continued)
(b)   Main terms of perpetual bonds
      The duration of the perpetual bonds is the same as the continuing operation of the Bank. The perpetual
      bonds issuance sets conditional redemption rights for the issuer. The Bank shall have the right to redeem
      all or part of the perpetual bonds on each annual interest payment date (including the fifth interest
      payment date since the date of issuance) five years after the date of issuance. If, after the issuance
      of the perpetual bonds, unpredictable changes in regulations result in that the perpetual bonds is no
      longer classified in other tier-one capital, the Bank shall have the right to redeem all, but not part, of the
      perpetual bonds.

      The Bank shall exercise the right of redemption subject to the approval of the original CBIRC and on the
      condition that the following conditions are satisfied: (1) replacing the redeemed instrument with a capital
      instrument of equal or higher quality, and such replacement shall only be carried out at conditions which
      are sustainable for the income capacity; (2) or the capital position of the Bank after the redemption right
      is exercised will remain significantly higher than the regulatory capital requirements stipulated by the
      original CBIRC.

      The claims in respect of the perpetual bonds will be subordinated to the claims of depositors, general
      creditors, and subordinated debts that rank senior to the perpetual bonds, and will rank in priority to
      all classes of shares held by the Bank’s shareholders and rank pari passu with the claims in respect
      of any other additional tier-one capital instruments of the Bank that rank pari passu with the bonds. If
      subsequent amendments to the PRC Enterprise Bankruptcy Law or relevant regulations are applicable,
      such relevant laws and regulations shall prevail.

      Upon the occurrence of a Non-Viability Trigger Event, the Bank has the right to write-down/write-off part
      or all of the principal of the perpetual bonds without the consent of the bondholders. The amount of the
      write-down/write-off shall be determined by the ratio of the outstanding principal amount of the Bonds
      to the aggregate principal amount of all additional tier 1 capital instruments with the identical Trigger
      Event. A Non-Viability Trigger Event refers to the earlier occurrence under the following circumstances:
      (1) the original CBIRC deems that the Bank would become non-viable without a write-down/write-off; (2)
      the relevant authorities deem that the Bank would become non-viable without a public sector injection of
      capital or equivalent support. The write-down/write-off will not be restored.

      The coupon rate of the perpetual bonds will be adjusted at defined intervals with a coupon rate
      adjustment period which is every 5 years since the payment settlement date. In any coupon rate adjusted
      period, the interest payments on the perpetual bonds will be made at a prescribed fixed coupon rate.
      The coupon rate at the time of issuance will be determined by book running and centralised allocation.

      The coupon rate is determined by a benchmark rate plus a fixed spread. The benchmark rate is the arithmetic
      average of the yields to maturity of the 5-year bond yield curve published on www.ChinaBond.com.cn
      (or other websites recognized by the China Central Depository & Clearing Co., Ltd.) 5 trading days prior to
      the Announcement Date of the Subscription Agreement or the adjustment date of the benchmark interest
      rate (excluding the current day) (rounded up to 0.01%). The fixed spread is the difference between the
      coupon rate and the benchmark rate as determined at the time of issuance. The fixed spread will not be
      adjusted once determined.
254   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      38           Other Equity Instruments (continued)
      (1)          Perpetual bonds (continued)
      (b)          Main terms of perpetual bonds (continued)
                   The Bank shall have the right to cancel all or part of the interest distribution of the perpetual bonds and
                   any such cancellation shall not constitute an event of default. When exercising such right, the Bank will
                   take into full consideration the interest of the bondholders. The Bank may, at its sole discretion, use
                   the proceeds from the cancelled distribution to meet other obligations as they fall due. The cancellation
                   of all or part of interest distribution on the perpetual bonds will not impose any other restriction on the
                   Bank, except in relation to dividend distributions to ordinary shareholders. Any cancellation of any all
                   or part or interest distribution on the perpetual bonds will require the deliberation and approval of the
                   general shareholders meeting. The Bank shall give notice to the investors on such cancellation in a timely
                   manner.

                   In the case of cancelling all or part of interest distributions on the perpetual bonds, the Bank shall not
                   make any distribution to the ordinary shareholders from the next day following the resolution being
                   approved by the general shareholders meeting, until its decision to resume the interest distribution
                   in whole to the holders of the perpetual bonds. The Dividend Stopper on ordinary shares will not
                   compromise the Bank’s discretion to cancel distributions, and will not impede the Bank from replenishing
                   its capital.

                   The interest distributions on the perpetual bonds must come from distributable items, and will not be
                   affected by the rating of the Bank, nor will be reset based on any change to such rating. The interest
                   distribution on the perpetual bonds are non-cumulative, namely, upon cancellation, any amount of
                   distribution unpaid to the bondholders in the applicable period will not accumulate or compound to the
                   subsequent distribution period thereafter. The perpetual bonds do not have any step-up mechanism or
                   any other incentive to redeem. Investors are not allowed to sell the perpetual bonds.

      (c)          Changes in perpetual bonds outstanding at the end of the year
                   There was no change in the perpetual bonds outstanding at the end of the year during the year.

      (2)          Preference shares
      (a)          Changes in preference shares outstanding
                   Pursuant to the terms of the perpetual Offshore Preference Shares and the reply letter from the original
                   CBIRC where no objection was raised to the Bank’s redemption of the Offshore Preference Shares, the
                   Bank redeemed all USD2,175 million of non-cumulative perpetual Offshore Preference Shares on 29
                   March 2022 (the “Redemption Date”) at the redemption price, being the aggregate of an amount equal
                   to the liquidation preference of each Offshore Preference Share plus any declared but unpaid dividends
                   accrued in respect of the period from (and including) the immediately preceding dividend payment date
                   to (but excluding) the Redemption Date.

                   Please refer to Note VI.43 for details of dividends paid by the Bank to preference shareholders.
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2023     255




                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                 (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
38    Other Equity Instruments (continued)
(3)   Information related to the holders of the equity instruments
                                                                             31 December                31 December
                                                                                    2023                       2022


      Equity attributable to shareholders of the Bank
        – Ordinary shareholders of the Bank                                           161,250                 137,938
        – Other equity instruments holders of the Bank                                 24,995                  24,995
      Non-controlling interests
        – Ordinary shareholders of non-controlling interests                              3,332                  2,997


(4)   Changes in other equity instruments outstanding at the end of the year
                                                 31 December                                           31 December
                                                        2022         Increase           Decrease              2023


      Perpetual Bond
      Number of shares (In millions)                      250               –                      –               250
      Amount (RMB in millions)                         24,995               –                      –            24,995


39    Capital Reserve
                                                    1 January       Increase                           31 December
                                                         2023    (Note VI. 37)         Decrease               2023


      Share premium                                    32,289           6,281                      –            38,570

                                                     1 January                                          31 December
                                                         2022        Increase           Decrease               2022


      Share premium                                    32,018             271                      –            32,289
256   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      40           Other Comprehensive Income
                                                                Other comprehensive income in the              Other comprehensive income in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and
                                                             consolidated statement of financial position            other comprehensive income for the year ended 31 December 2023
                                                                                                                                                                                         Net-of-tax
                                                                                                                                                                                            amount
                                                                               Net-of-tax                                   Previously                                   Net-of-tax attributable to
                                                                                 amount                                    recognized                                      amount shareholders
                                                                          attributable to                   Before-tax         amount                     After-tax attributable to of the Non-
                                                                1 January shareholders 31 December          amount of transferred to Income tax amount of shareholders Controlling
                                                                     2023 of the Bank         2023            the year profit or loss       expense        the year of the Bank            interests


                   Items that will not be reclassified to
                      profit or loss
                      – Changes in fair value of financial
                        investments designated to be
                        measured at FVOCI                             217              23            240            31              –              (8)            23              23              –
                   Items that may be reclassified to
                      profit or loss
                      – Changes in fair value of financial
                        assets measured at FVOCI                     (237)          1,040            803         3,661         (2,274)           (347)         1,040           1,040              –
                      – Allowance for ECLs of financial
                        assets measured at FVOCI                    1,783              62           1,845           82              –             (20)            62              62              –
                      – Exchange differences from the
                        translation of foreign operations             428              92            520            93              –               –             93              92              1


                   Total                                            2,191           1,217           3,408        3,867         (2,274)           (375)         1,218           1,217              1
                                                                                                                                              Annual Report 2023          257




                                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                                                    (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
40   Other Comprehensive Income (continued)
                                                                                                    Other comprehensive income in the consolidated statement of
                                                  Other comprehensive income in the               profit or loss and other comprehensive income for the year ended
                                               consolidated statement of financial position                                31 December 2022
                                                                   Net-of-tax                                            Previously                          Net-of-tax
                                                                      amount                                            recognized                              amount
                                                              attributable to                        Before-tax             amount                      attributable to
                                                1 January       shareholders 31 December             amount of          transferred     Income tax       shareholders
                                                    2022         of the Bank               2022         the year to profit or loss          expense        of the Bank


     Items that will not be reclassified to
        profit or loss
        – Changes in fair value of financial
          investments designated to be
          measured at FVOCI                           179                 38               217               51                 –                (13)               38
     Items that may be reclassified to
        profit or loss
        – Changes in fair value of financial
          assets measured at FVOCI                    166               (403)             (237)          1,358             (1,895)              134               (403)
        – Allowance for ECLs of financial
          assets measured at FVOCI                    684             1,099              1,783           1,466                  –               (367)            1,099
        – Exchange differences from the
          translation of foreign operations          (472)              900                428             900                  –                  –               900


     Total                                            557             1,634              2,191           3,775             (1,895)              (246)            1,634


41   Surplus Reserve
                                                                                                                                                  Statutory
                                                                                                                                            surplus reserve


     Balance at 1 January 2022                                                                                                                               9,743
     Appropriation (Note VI.43)                                                                                                                              1,332


     Balance at 31 December 2022                                                                                                                           11,075
     Appropriation (Note VI.43)                                                                                                                             1,471


     Balance at 31 December 2023                                                                                                                           12,546

     Pursuant to the Company Law of the PRC and the Articles, the Bank is required to appropriate 10% of
     its net profit to the statutory surplus reserve.
258   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      42           Statutory General Reserve
                                                                                                                   Statutory
                                                                                                             general reserve


                   Balance at 1 January 2022                                                                          23,802
                   Appropriation (Note VI.43)                                                                          2,655


                   Balance at 31 December 2022                                                                        26,457
                   Appropriation (Note VI.43)                                                                          3,347


                   Balance at 31 December 2023                                                                        29,804

                   Pursuant to the Administrative Measures on Accrual of Provisions by Financial Enterprises (Caijin [2012]
                   No. 20), the Bank establishes a statutory general reserve within equity through the appropriation of profit
                   to address unidentified potential impairment risks, which should not be less than 1.5% of the year-end
                   balance of its risk assets.

      43           Profit Appropriations
                                                                               Notes                 2023              2022


                   Balance at the beginning of the year                                            44,657            36,827
                   Add: Net profit attributable to shareholders of the Bank                        15,048            13,618
                   Deduct: Appropriation to surplus reserve                                        (1,471)           (1,332)
                           Appropriation to statutory general reserve                              (3,347)           (2,655)
                           Distribution to ordinary shareholders                (1)                (4,466)                –
                           Distribution to offshore preference shareholders     (2)                     –              (838)
                           Distribution to perpetual bonds holders              (3)                  (963)             (963)


                   Balance at the end of the year                                                  49,458            44,657


      (1)          Approved and distributed dividends of ordinary shareholders
                   As approved by shareholders in 2022 Annual General Meeting on 4 May 2023, based on the Bank’s
                   total ordinary shares amounting to 21,269 million shares on the record date of profit distribution, the
                   Bank declared a cash dividend of RMB2.10 for each 10 ordinary shares, with total amount of RMB4,466
                   million.
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2023      259




                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
43    Profit Appropriations (continued)
(2)   Approved and distributed dividends of offshore preference shareholders
      On 25 January 2022, the Board of Directors approved the payment of dividends to offshore preference
      shareholders. The total amount of dividends distributed on offshore preference shares is USD132 million
      (tax inclusive) and the Group actually paid USD119 million (equivalent to RMB838 million) to offshore
      preference shareholders on the annual after tax interest rate of 5.45%. The dividend issuance date was
      29 March 2022.

(3)   Announcement and distribution to perpetual bonds holders
      On 21 November 2022, the Bank announced the interest of perpetual bonds issued amounting to
      RMB963 million at the initial annual interest rate of 3.85% prior to the interest rate reset date determined
      by the terms of the bond. The distribution date was 26 November 2022.

      On 20 November 2023, the Bank announced the interest of perpetual bonds issued amounting to
      RMB963 million at the initial annual interest rate of 3.85% prior to the interest rate reset date determined
      by the terms of the bond. The distribution date was 26 November 2023.

44    Notes to Consolidated Cash Flow Statements
(1)   Cash and cash equivalents
                                                                               31 December            31 December
                                                                                      2023                   2022


      Cash                                                                                865                     560
      Surplus deposit reserves with the central bank                                   34,483                  54,885
      Deposits with banks and other financial institutions with original
        maturities of less than three months                                           59,736                  36,007
      Placements with banks and other financial institutions with original
        maturities of less than three months                                               924                     501
      Financial assets purchased under resale agreements with original
        maturities of less than three months                                           74,453                  15,795


      Total                                                                          170,461                 107,748
260   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      44           Notes to Consolidated Cash Flow Statements (continued)
      (2)          Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities
                   The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities from financing activities, including both cash
                   and non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash flows were
                   classified in the Group’s consolidated cash flow statement as cash flows from financing activities.

                                                                       Debt
                                                                  securities            Lease      Dividend
                                                                     issued          liabilities    payable          Total


                   At 1 January 2023                                323,033              3,318         194        326,545
                   Cash changes:
                   Proceeds from issuance of
                     debt securities                                535,292                   –           –       535,292
                   Repayments of principal on debt
                     securities issued                             (462,592)                  –           –      (462,592)
                   Repayments of interest on debt
                     securities issued                                (9,202)                 –           –         (9,202)
                   Payment for dividend distribution                       –                  –      (5,683)        (5,683)
                   Payment for principal element of
                     lease liabilities                                     –              (705)           –           (705)
                   Payment for interest element of
                     lease liabilities                                     –              (146)           –           (146)

                   Non-cash changes:
                   Interest expense (Note VI.1)                       9,328                146            –         9,474
                   Dividends declared                                     –                  –        5,540         5,540
                   Additions of lease liabilities                         –                644            –           644
                   Exchange difference                                   79                  –            –            79


                   At 31 December 2023                              395,938              3,257          51        399,246
                                                                                                            Annual Report 2023     261




                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
44    Notes to Consolidated Cash Flow Statements (continued)
(2)   Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities (continued)
                                                            Debt
                                                       securities          Lease              Dividend
                                                          issued        liabilities            payable                 Total


      At 1 January 2022                                 318,908            2,926                    305            322,139
      Cash changes:
      Proceeds from issuance of
        debt securities                                 373,048                  –                      –          373,048
      Repayments of principal on debt
        securities issued                              (369,834)                 –                      –         (369,834)
      Repayments of interest on debt
        securities issued                                 (7,926)                –                    –              (7,926)
      Payment for dividend distribution                        –                 –               (2,000)             (2,000)
      Payment for principal element of
        lease liabilities                                      –             (646)                      –               (646)
      Payment for interest element of
        lease liabilities                                      –             (139)                      –               (139)

      Non-cash changes:
      Interest expense (Note VI.1)                        8,445              139                      –               8,584
      Dividends declared                                      –                –                  1,889               1,889
      Additions of lease liabilities                          –            1,038                      –               1,038
      Exchange difference                                   392                –                      –                 392


      At 31 December 2022                               323,033            3,318                    194            326,545


45    Transfer of Financial Assets
      The Group enters into transactions in the normal course of business by which it transfers recognized
      financial assets to third parties or to special purpose vehicles. In some cases where these transfers
      may give rise to full or partial derecognition of the financial assets concerned, the Group fully or partially
      derecognize the transferred financial assets. In other cases where these transferred assets do not qualify
      for derecognition as the Group has retained substantially all the risks and rewards of these financial
      assets, the Group continued to recognize the transferred financial assets.
262   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      45           Transfer of Financial Assets (continued)
      (1)          Securitization transactions
                   In the process of securitization of credit assets, the Group transfers credit assets to structured entities
                   and issues asset-backed securities as issuers. The Group would determine whether or not to derecognize
                   the associated credit assets by evaluating the extent to which it retains the risks and rewards of the
                   assets.

                   With respect to the credit assets that were securitised and qualified for derecognition, the Group
                   derecognised the transferred credit assets in their entirety. For the year ended 31 December 2023, the
                   Group has transferred the ownership of the loans, the principal of which amounted to RMB9,813 million
                   (2022: RMB2,830 million), as well as substantially all the risks and rewards of the loans have been
                   transferred, the full amount of such securitised loans were derecognised.

                   For those in which the Group has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards
                   of the transferred credit assets, and retained control of the credit assets, the Group recognised the
                   assets on the statement of financial position in accordance with the Group’s continuing involvement and
                   the rest is derecognised. The extent of the Group’s continuing involvement is the extent of risks and
                   rewards undertaken by the Group with value changes of the transferred financial assets. For the year
                   ended 31 December 2023, there is no Group’s continuing involvement (2022: RMB2,283 million). At 31
                   December 2023, the carrying amount of the assets and liabilities that the Group continues to recognise
                   on the statement of financial position was RMB1,212 million (31 December 2022: RMB1,577 million). The
                   Group also recognised other assets and other liabilities of the same amount arising from such continuing
                   involvement.

      (2)          Non-performing assets transfer
                   For the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group transferred non-performing loans principal amounting
                   to RMB5,375 million (2022: RMB4,898 million) and financial investments principal amounting to
                   RMB6,553 million (2022: RMB6,339 million) to the asset management companies. For the year ended
                   31 December 2023, the Group has transferred the ownership of non-performing loans, the principal of
                   which amounted to RMB4,202 million (2022: RMB2,830 million) through securitization transactions. As
                   the Group transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of these non-performing loans and financial
                   investments, the Group derecognized these non-performing loans and financial investments.

      (3)          Repurchase and securities lending transactions
                   Transferred financial assets that do not qualify for derecognition mainly include securities delivered as
                   collateral in a repurchase transaction to a counterparty and debt securities lent to counterparties under
                   securities lending agreements. The counterparties are allowed to sell or repledge those securities lent
                   under agreements to repurchase in the absence of default by the Group, but have obligations to return
                   the securities at the maturity of the contracts. In some cases, if the value of the relevant securities rises
                   or falls, the Group may require the counterparty to pay additional cash as collateral or need to return
                   part of the cash collateral to the counterparty. The Group determined that it retained substantially all the
                   risks and rewards of these securities and therefore had not derecognized them. At 31 December 2023,
                   the face value of debt securities lent to counterparties was RMB26,550 million (31 December 2022:
                   RMB25,350 million).
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2023      263




                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                    (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VII   Interests in Other Entities
1     Interests in Subsidiary
(1)   Composition of the Group
      At the balance sheet date, details of the subsidiary included in the consolidated financial statements are
      as follows:

                                                                                                             Proportion of
                                               Place of     Registered       Business        Registered      equity/voting
      Name                                incorporation       address          nature           capital             rights


      Zheyin Financial Leasing                 Zhejiang      Zhoushan         Financial     RMB4 billion                51%
                                               Province                      institution

(2)   Important non wholly-owned subsidiaries and main financial information
      An important non wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group is Zheyin Financial Leasing. The following table
      lists the main financial information of Zheyin Financial Leasing. The main financial information of these
      subsidiaries is the amount before the Group’s internal transactions are offset, but it has been adjusted by
      the unified accounting policy:

                                                                                  31 December              31 December
                                                                                         2023                     2022


      Total assets                                                                         68,381                  54,601
      Total liabilities                                                                    61,580                  48,484
      Operating income                                                                      2,181                   1,873
      Profit for the year                                                                     909                     756
      Total comprehensive income                                                              911                     756
      Net cash generated from operating activities                                            478                     207


2     Interests in Structured Entities
      The Group manages or invests in multiple structured entities, which include fund investments, trust
      schemes and asset management plans, asset-backed securities and wealth management products.
      To determine whether the Group controls such structured entities, the Group assesses the overall
      interests (including direct income and expected management fees) in the structured entities through its
      participation in the decisions on the establishment of the structured entities, the extent of its participation
      and related contractual arrangements, as well as its decision-making power over the structured entities.

(1)   Consolidated structured entities directly held by the Group
      If the Group has power over structured entities through investment contracts and other arrangements,
      has variable interests through its involvement in the structured entities and has the ability to affect
      those interests through its power over the structured entities, the Group considers that it controls the
      structured entities and then consolidates them in the consolidated financial statements.
264   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VII          Interests in Other Entities (continued)
      2            Interests in Structured Entities (continued)
      (2)          Unconsolidated structured entities directly held by the Group
                   If the Group does not have substantive rights to the primary activities of the structured entities, or the
                   Group only has insignificant proportion of the overall interests in the structured entities over which the
                   Group has power, the Group does not consolidate the structured entities in the consolidated financial
                   statements.

                   The unconsolidated structured entities directly held by the Group include investment funds, trust
                   schemes and asset management plans, asset-backed securities and wealth management products
                   initiated and established by third-party institutions.

                   Considering the relevant agreements and the Group’s investments in the structured entities, the Group
                   does not consolidate the above structured entities in the consolidated financial statements.

                   On the balance sheet date, the relevant balance sheet items, book value and maximum loss exposure
                   of the Group’s equity in the structured entity initiated and established by a third party institution through
                   direct holding of investment in the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position are listed as
                   follows:

                                                                                   31 December 2023
                                                                  Financial       Financial    Financial
                                                               investments     investments investments
                                                               measured at     measured at measured at
                                                                     FVTPL             AC         FVOCI                  Total


                   Fund investments                                   86,468                –               –          86,468
                   Trust schemes and asset management
                     plans                                             3,289          77,646               –           80,935
                   Asset-backed securities                            14,696           5,831          34,124           54,651
                   Wealth management products                             68               –               –               68


                   Total                                            104,521           83,477          34,124         222,122
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2023     265




                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VII   Interests in Other Entities (continued)
2     Interests in Structured Entities (continued)
(2)   Unconsolidated structured entities directly held by the Group (continued)
                                                                    31 December 2022
                                                    Financial      Financial     Financial
                                                 investments    investments   investments
                                                 measured at    measured at  measured at
                                                      FVTPL             AC          FVOCI                        Total


      Fund investments                               126,128                –                     –          126,128
      Trust schemes and asset management
        plans                                          2,924          63,464                   –               66,388
      Asset-backed securities                         19,840             661              13,814               34,315
      Wealth management products                         220               –                   –                  220


      Total                                          149,112          64,125              13,814             227,051

      The maximum exposures to loss in the above unconsolidated structured entities directly held by the
      Group are the fair value or amortised cost of the assets held by the Group in the consolidated statement
      of financial position.

(3)   Structured entities which the Group is the sponsor, but which are not included in the consolidated
      financial statements
      The types of unconsolidated structured entities sponsored by the Group include non-principal-guarantee
      wealth management products. The nature and purpose of these structured entities are to generate fees
      from managing assets on behalf of investors. These structured entities are financed through the issue
      of wealth management products to investors. Interest held by the Group are fees charged by providing
      management services.

      At 31 December 2023, the amount of assets held by the unconsolidated non-principal-guaranteed wealth
      management products which are sponsored by the Group was RMB149,182 million (31 December 2022:
      RMB210,705 million). For the year ended 31 December 2023, the commission income recognised by
      the Group for providing asset management services for such financial products was RMB435 million
      (2022: RMB676 million). At the balance sheet date, the balance of service charges receivable for asset
      management services of the Group was not material.
266   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VIII Segment Reporting
      1            Business Segment
                   For management purposes, the Group is organized into different operating segments, namely corporate
                   banking, retail banking and treasury operations, based on internal organizational structure, management
                   requirement and internal reporting system.

                   Corporate banking
                   The corporate banking segment covers the provision of financial products and services to corporations,
                   government agencies and other institutions. The products and services include corporate loans and
                   advances, trade financing, corporate deposits, credit commitments and financial guarantee, underwriting
                   of debt instruments and various types of corporate intermediary services, etc.

                   Retail banking
                   The retail banking segment covers the provision of financial products and services to individual
                   customers. The products and services include personal loans and advances, personal deposits, wealth
                   management businesses, card businesses and various types of retail banking services, etc.

                   Treasury operations
                   The treasury operations segment covers the Group’s treasury operations which include money market
                   transactions, repurchase transactions, debt instruments investments, equity instruments investments,
                   financial derivatives businesses for proprietary trading or on behalf of customers, as well as financial
                   products and services provided to other financial institutions. The division also manages the liquidity level
                   of the Group, including the issuance of debt securities.

                   Other business
                   Other business segments refer to other businesses not included in the above reporting segments and
                   related businesses of the subsidiary.

                   The accounting policies adopted in the preparation of segment reports are consistent with those adopted
                   in the preparation of the Group’s consolidated financial statements.

                   Transactions between segments mainly represent the provision of funding to and from individual
                   segments. These transactions are conducted on terms determined with reference to the average cost of
                   funding and have been reflected in the performance of each segment. Net interest income and expense
                   arising on internal fund transfer are referred to as internal net interest income/expense. Net interest
                   income and expense relating to third parties are referred to as external net interest income/expense.

                   Segment revenues, expenses, profits, assets and liabilities include items directly attributable to a
                   segment as well as those that can be allocated on a reasonable basis. Segment capital expenditure
                   refers to the total cash outflow of purchasing fixed assets, intangible assets and other long-term assets
                   in the accounting period.
                                                                                                Annual Report 2023      267




                                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                           (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VIII Segment Reporting (continued)
1    Business Segment (continued)
     Other business (continued)
     Business segment
                                                                     2023
                                          Corporate       Retail      Treasury
                                           banking      banking     operations          Others               Total


     External net interest income            17,399      19,021         9,353             1,755            47,528
     Inter-segment net interest
        income/(expenses)                    14,647       (6,895)       (7,752)                –                  –


     Net interest income                     32,046      12,126         1,601             1,755            47,528

     Net fee and commission income            2,748        1,060        1,227                 5              5,040
     Net trading gains                            –            –        7,396                 –              7,396
     Net gains on financial investments         541            –        2,123                 –              2,664
     Other operating income                     147          230           57               702              1,136


     Operating income                        35,482      13,416        12,404             2,462            63,764


     Operating expenses                      (10,322)     (4,736)       (3,971)          (1,130)          (20,159)
     Expected credit losses                   (5,624)     (8,651)      (11,131)            (707)          (26,113)


     Total operating expenses                (15,946)    (13,387)      (15,102)          (1,837)          (46,272)


     Profit/(losses) before taxation         19,536           29        (2,698)             625            17,492


     Segment assets                        1,356,967    494,023     1,193,690           78,015         3,122,695
     Unallocated assets                                                                                   21,184


     Total assets                                                                                      3,143,879


     Segment liabilities                  (1,592,001)   (275,770)   (1,075,445)        (11,086)       (2,954,302)


     Other segment information:

     Credit commitments and financial
       guarantee                            806,177      18,424             –                 –          824,601
     Depreciation and amortisation            1,013         477           352               270            2,112
     Capital expenditure                      4,293       1,563         3,777               247            9,880
268   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VIII Segment Reporting (continued)
      1            Business Segment (continued)
                   Other business (continued)
                   Business segment (continued)
                                                                                   2022
                                                        Corporate        Retail     Treasury
                                                         banking       banking    operations    Others          Total


                   External net interest income            15,121      19,403        10,989      1,549        47,062
                   Inter-segment net interest
                      income/(expenses)                    14,234       (7,149)      (7,085)          –             –


                   Net interest income                     29,355      12,254         3,904      1,549        47,062

                   Net fee and commission
                     income/(expenses)                      2,715          870        1,214         (8)        4,791
                   Net trading gains                            –            –        6,590          –         6,590
                   Net gains on financial investments         420            –        1,588          –         2,008
                   Other operating income                       –           17           61        623           701


                   Operating income                        32,490      13,141        13,357      2,164        61,152


                   Operating expenses                       (9,161)     (4,121)       (3,640)      (746)      (17,668)
                   Expected credit losses                   (6,912)     (7,295)     (12,773)       (673)      (27,653)


                   Total operating expenses                (16,073)    (11,416)     (16,413)     (1,419)      (45,321)


                   Profit/(losses) before taxation         16,417        1,725       (3,056)       745        15,831


                   Segment assets                       1,248,657     437,718       842,316     72,338     2,601,029
                   Unallocated assets                                                                         20,901


                   Total assets                                                                            2,621,930


                   Segment liabilities                  (1,465,687)   (217,232)    (755,389)    (17,692)   (2,456,000)


                   Other segment information:

                   Credit commitments and financial
                     guarantee                            708,646      13,674             –        766       723,086
                   Depreciation and amortisation              927         438           323        174         1,862
                   Capital expenditure                      2,519         838         1,747        353         5,457
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023      269




                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                             (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VIII Segment Reporting (continued)
2    Regional Division
     The Group operates principally in Chinese Mainland, and also has a branch in Hong Kong, China.
     Geographically, the Group mainly conducts its business in the four areas listed below in Chinese
     Mainland.

     “Yangtze River Delta Region” refers to the head office, Zheyin Financial Leasing and the following areas
     serviced by the tier-one branches of the Group: Hangzhou, Ningbo, Wenzhou, Shaoxing, Zhoushan,
     Shanghai, Nanjing, Suzhou, Hefei, Jinhua;

     “Bohai Rim Region” refers to the following areas serviced by the tier-one branches of the Group:
     Beijing, Tianjin, Jinan, Shenyang;

     “Pearl River Delta Region and Economic Zone on the Western Coast of the Taiwan Straits” refers to the
     following areas serviced by the tier-one branches of the Group: Shenzhen, Guangzhou, Hong Kong,
     Fuzhou; and

     “Midwestern China Region” refers to the following areas serviced by the tier-one branches of the Group:
     Chengdu, Guiyang, Xi’an, Lanzhou, Chongqing, Wuhan, Zhengzhou, Changsha, Hohhot, Nanchang,
     Nanning, Taiyuan.
270   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VIII Segment Reporting (continued)
      2            Regional Division (continued)
                   Regional division
                                                                                                    2023
                                                                                         Pearl River
                                                                                       Delta Region
                                                                                      and Economic
                                                                                        Zone on the
                                                                                      Western Coast
                                                        Yangtze River    Bohai Rim            of the     Midwestern
                                                         Delta Region      Region     Taiwan Straits         China     Elimination        Total


                   External net interest income               34,374         3,333            2,736           7,085             –       47,528
                   Inter-segment net interest
                      (expenses)/income                       (10,411)       5,870            2,552           1,989             –             –


                   Net interest income                        23,963         9,203            5,288           9,074             –       47,528

                   Net fee and commission income               1,132         1,351            1,012           1,545             –        5,040

                   Net trading gains                           6,789          262              201             144              –        7,396
                   Net gains on financial investments          1,955          220              154             335              –        2,664
                   Other operating income                        975           28               25             108              –        1,136


                   Operating income                           34,814        11,064            6,680          11,206             –       63,764


                   Operating expenses                         (11,905)      (2,976)          (1,797)         (3,481)            –       (20,159)
                   Expected credit losses                     (15,383)      (2,675)          (3,931)         (4,124)            –       (26,113)


                   Total operating expenses                   (27,288)      (5,651)          (5,728)         (7,605)            –       (46,272)


                   Profit before taxation                      7,526         5,413             952            3,601             –       17,492


                   Segment assets                           2,756,232      383,534         264,807          389,948      (671,826)   3,122,695
                   Unallocated assets                                                                                                   21,184


                   Total assets                                                                                                      3,143,879


                   Segment liabilities                     (2,599,849)    (378,068)        (261,937)       (386,274)      671,826    (2,954,302)


                   Other segment information:

                   Credit commitments and financial
                     guarantee                               377,507       163,394          85,835          197,865             –      824,601
                   Depreciation and amortisation               1,260           319             177              356             –        2,112
                   Capital expenditure                         7,274            95           2,015              496             –        9,880
                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2023     271




                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                               (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VIII Segment Reporting (continued)
2    Regional Division (continued)
     Regional division (continued)
                                                                                     2022
                                                                          Pearl River
                                                                        Delta Region
                                                                       and Economic
                                                                         Zone on the
                                                                       Western Coast
                                          Yangtze River   Bohai Rim            of the       Midwestern
                                           Delta Region     Region     Taiwan Straits           China        Elimination           Total


     External net interest income               31,625        3,947            3,928             7,562                –          47,062
     Inter-segment net interest
        (expenses)/income                       (7,603)       4,787            1,048             1,768                –                –


     Net interest income                        24,022        8,734            4,976             9,330                –          47,062

     Net fee and commission income               1,366        1,330              759             1,336                –           4,791

     Net trading gains                           6,220         115                92              163                 –           6,590
     Net gains on financial investments          1,345         278                48              337                 –           2,008
     Other operating income                        507          51                30              113                 –             701


     Operating income                           33,460      10,508             5,905           11,279                 –          61,152


     Operating expenses                        (10,427)      (2,633)          (1,553)           (3,055)               –          (17,668)
     Expected credit losses                    (18,457)      (2,480)          (2,387)           (4,329)               –          (27,653)


     Total operating expenses                  (28,884)      (5,113)          (3,940)           (7,384)               –          (45,321)


     Profit before taxation                      4,576        5,395            1,965             3,895                –          15,831


     Segment assets                          2,368,320     353,991          259,770           352,688         (733,740)       2,601,029
     Unallocated assets                                                                                                          20,901


     Total assets                                                                                                             2,621,930


     Segment liabilities                    (2,232,766)    (351,690)        (254,705)         (350,579)        733,740        (2,456,000)


     Other segment information:

     Credit commitments and financial
       guarantee                               325,737     154,084            77,988          165,277                 –         723,086
     Depreciation and amortisation               1,042         319               161              340                 –           1,862
     Capital expenditure                         5,197          54                30              176                 –           5,457
272   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      IX           Commitments and Contingencies
      1            Credit Commitments and Financial Guarantee
                   Bank acceptances refer to the Group’s commitment to honor bills issued by customers. Letter of credit
                   and financial guarantee refer to guarantee of customers’ performance the Group provides to third parties.
                   Approved loan commitments, finance lease commitments and undrawn credit card limit refer to the
                   Group’s credit commitments. Receivables confirmation refer to the Group’s commitment to receivables
                   confirmation issued by customers.

                   The amount of bank acceptances, letter of credit, letter of guarantee, receivables confirmation and
                   other financial guarantee contracts disclosed is the maximum potential loss amount that the Group
                   will recognize at the balance sheet date if the counterparties fail to oblige. The amount of loan
                   commitments, finance lease commitment and undrawn credit line of credit card are the maximum
                   cash flow assuming fully issued. The Group expects that bank acceptances, letter of credit, letter of
                   guarantee and receivables confirmation will be settled at the same time as the payment of customers.
                   Loan commitments, finance lease commitments and undrawn credit card facility may not be used before
                   maturity. Therefore, the contract amount mentioned below does not represent the expected cash outflow
                   in the future.

                                                                                          31 December        31 December
                                                                                                 2023               2022


                   Bank acceptances issued                                                      368,346           365,130
                   Letters of credit issued                                                     228,460           185,821
                   Letters of guarantee issued
                     – Financing letters of guarantee                                            37,056            30,847
                     – Non-financing letters of guarantee                                        11,690             9,473
                   Undrawn credit card facility                                                  18,424            13,674
                   Loan commitments and finance lease commitments                                 3,728             3,637
                   Receivables confirmation and other financial guarantee contracts             156,897           114,504


                   Total                                                                        824,601           723,086
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023      273




                                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                             (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


IX    Commitments and Contingencies (continued)
2     Capital Expenditure Commitments
      At the balance sheet date, the Group’s capital expenditure commitments are as follows:

                                                                            31 December            31 December
                                                                                   2023                   2022


      Contracted but not yet incurred                                                 3,274                  2,550
      Authorized but not contracted                                                   2,292                  1,494


      Total                                                                           5,566                  4,044

      In addition to the above-mentioned capital expenditure commitments, on 29 December 2023, the
      Bank received the Reply of the National Financial Regulatory Administration on the Preparation for the
      Establishment of Zheyin Wealth Management Co., Ltd. (Jin Fu [2023] No. 506), and was approved to
      establish Zheyin Wealth Management Co., Ltd. On 12 March 2024, the Bank contributed the registered
      capital (paid-in capital) of Zhejiang Bank Wealth Management Co., Ltd. amounting to RMB2 billion in the
      form of monetary contribution.

3     Bond Underwriting and Redemption Commitments
(1)   At 31 December 2023, the Group has outstanding bond underwriting commitments with an amount of
      RMB2,507 million (31 December 2022: RMB1,920 million).

(2)   As a member of the saving bonds underwriting syndicate of the Central Government, the Group is
      obliged to redeem these bonds at the discretion of the holders at any time prior to maturity. The
      redemption price for the bonds is based on the nominal value of the bonds deducting commissions
      for early redeemed, plus any interest accrued up to the redemption date. The interest accrued shall be
      calculated in accordance with the relevant rules of the Ministry of Finance (the “MOF”) and the PBOC.

      At 31 December 2023, the Group had underwritten bonds with an accumulated amount of RMB1,096
      million (31 December 2022: RMB1,201 million) to the general public, and these government bonds
      have not yet matured nor been redeemed. The Group expects that the amount of redemption of these
      government bonds through the Group prior to maturity will not be material.

4     Outstanding Litigations and Arbitrations
      At the balance sheet date, the Group was involved in certain legal proceedings in the ordinary course
      of business. Management expects that such pending litigations will not materially affect the Group’s
      financial position.
274   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      X            Fiduciary Business
      1            Entrusted Loan Business
                   Entrusted loan business means that under the entrusted loan arrangement, the Group acts as an
                   intermediary to provide loans to borrowers based on the instructions of the principal. The Group is
                   responsible for assisting in supervising the use and the recovery of the loan, and charging commissions
                   for the services provided. As the Group does not assume the economic risks and rewards arising from
                   the entrusted loans, the entrusted loans will not be recognized as assets and liabilities of the Group.

                   At the balance sheet dates, the entrusted business assets and liabilities of the Group are as follows:

                                                                                            31 December        31 December
                                                                                                   2023               2022


                   Entrusted loans                                                                 21,495            24,733


                   Entrusted loan funds                                                            21,495            24,733


      2            Entrusted Investments Business
                   Entrusted investment refers to the fact that the Group accepts the entrustment of a single or multiple
                   clients based on the principal-agent relationship to engage in investment services such as asset
                   operation, investment management, investment consultancy and so on. The investment risk of entrusted
                   investment shall be borne by the client.

                   At the balance sheet dates, the entrusted business assets of the Group are as follows:

                                                                                            31 December        31 December
                                                                                                   2023               2022


                   Entrusted investments                                                                 7                  695


      3            Wealth Management Services
                   The Group acts as a custodian, trustee and in other fiduciary capacities to safeguard assets for
                   customers in accordance with agreements. The Group receives fee incomes, such as custodian fees,
                   sale fees and investment management fees, in return for its services provided under the agreements and
                   does not have any interest in the economic risks and rewards related to assets under custody. Therefore,
                   assets under custody are not recognized in the Group’s balance sheet.

                   At balance sheet date, please refer to Note VII.2 (3) for information about wealth management services.
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2023      275




                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                              (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


XI   Collateral Information
1    Assets Pledged as Security
     The book value of the Group’s secured liabilities related to the assets as collateral on the balance sheet
     dates are presented as due to the central bank, placements from banks and other financial institutions,
     financial assets sold under repurchase agreements and customer deposits. At the balance sheet date,
     the secured liabilities (interest accrued excluded) of the Group were as follows:

                                                                             31 December            31 December
                                                                                    2023                   2022


     Due to the central bank                                                       119,449                   96,923
     Placements from banks and other financial institutions                            109                        –
     Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements                              62,042                    6,047
     Customer deposits                                                              42,356                   42,018


     Total                                                                         223,956                 144,988

     The secured liabilities analyzed by collateral type were as follows:

                                                                             31 December            31 December
                                                                                    2023                   2022


     Bond investments                                                              213,566                 131,482
     Bills                                                                          18,723                  18,426
     Finance lease receivables                                                         164                       –
     Bank deposit certificate                                                          156                       –


     Total                                                                         232,609                 149,908

     In addition, the Group provides collateral for the securities borrowed through the security lending and
     swap business. At 31 December 2023, the assets as collateral under the security lending and swap
     business of the Group were RMB102 million (31 December 2022: RMB101 million).

2    Assets Received as Collateral
     At 31 December 2023, the Group received securities amounting to RMB2,043 million (31 December
     2022: RMB100 million) as collateral for financial assets purchased under resale agreements, the Group
     could sell or repledge the collateral in the absence of default by the owner of the collateral. The Group
     has an obligation to return the collateral to the owner on the date of resale, at the balance sheet date,
     none of the collateral is re-sold or re-pledged. Details of collateral related information in loans and
     advances to customers and financial investments that are credit-impaired could be referred to in Note
     XIII.1(10).
276   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      XII          Related Parties and Related Party Transactions
      1            Major Shareholders
                   At 31 December 2023, the shareholding of major shareholder units directly or indirectly holding more
                   than 5% of the Bank’s shares are as follows:

                                                                                         Number of
                                                                                        shares held
                                                                                          (in million    Shareholding
                                                                                             shares)      Percentage


                   Zhejiang Provincial Financial Holdings Co., Ltd.                            3,452          12.57%
                   Zhejiang Provincial Energy Group Co., Ltd. and its group members,
                     Zheneng Capital Investment (Hong Kong) Limited and Zhejiang
                     Energy International Co., Ltd.                                            1,849           6.73%
                   Zhejiang Hengyi Group Co., Ltd. and its group members Zhejiang
                     Hengyi High-tech Material Co., Ltd. and Zhejiang Hengyi
                     Petrochemical Co., Ltd.                                                   1,616           5.88%
                   Hengdian Group Holdings Limited                                             1,616           5.88%
                   Zhejiang Provincial Seaport Investment & Operation Group Co., Ltd.
                     and its group members, Zhejiang Seaport (Hong Kong) Co., Ltd.             1,379           5.02%

                   At 31 December 2022, the shareholding of major shareholder units directly or indirectly holding more
                   than 5% of the Bank’s shares are as follows:

                                                                                          Number of
                                                                                         shares held
                                                                                           (in million   Shareholding
                                                                                              shares)     Percentage


                   Zhejiang Provincial Financial Holdings Co., Ltd.                            2,655          12.49%
                   Zhejiang Provincial Energy Group Co., Ltd. and its group members,
                     Zheneng Capital Investment (Hong Kong) Limited and Zhejiang
                     Energy International Co., Ltd.                                            1,487           6.99%
                   Traveller Automobile Group Co., Ltd.                                        1,347           6.33%
                   Zhejiang Hengyi Group Co., Ltd. and its group members Zhejiang
                     Hengyi High-tech Material Co., Ltd. and Zhejiang Hengyi
                     Petrochemical Co., Ltd.                                                   1,243           5.84%
                   Hengdian Group Holdings Limited                                             1,243           5.84%
                                                                                                                                                Annual Report 2023        277




                                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                                                           (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


XII   Related Parties and Related Party Transactions (continued)
2     Related Party Transactions
      The amount of major transactions between the Group and related parties and the balance of major
      current accounts at the balance sheet date are as follows:

                                                                                                               Zhejiang
                                                                                                             Provincial
                                             Zhejiang         Zhejiang                       Hengdian           Seaport
                                           Provincial       Provincial        Zhejiang           Group    Investment &                                      Proportion
                                            Financial    Energy Group     Hengyi Group        Holdings       Operation                                 in the amount/
                                        Holdings Co.,        Co., Ltd.        Co., Ltd.        Limited      Group Co.,                                      balance of
                                          Ltd. and its         and its          and its         and its     Ltd. and its                                related similar
                                         subsidiaries     subsidiaries     subsidiaries    subsidiaries    subsidiaries          Others          Total transactions


      The amount of significant
        transactions in 2023 is as
        follows:
        Interest income                             4                9              90               –               11             103           217           0.20%
        Interest expense                          (62)              (4)              –             (80)              (5)            (44)         (195)          0.31%
        Fee and commission income                   1                –              12               –                –               –            13           0.21%
        Net trading gains                          80                –               –             165                –               –           245           3.31%
        Other operating income                      –                –               –               –                –               1             1           0.16%
        Operating expenses                          –                –               –               –               (1)              –            (1)          0.01%

      At 31 December 2023, the
        balance of major balance
        sheet items is as follows:
        Precious metals                           330                –                –              –                –               –           330          12.76%
        Loans and advances to
          customers                               265             343            1,657              97              276           1,828         4,466           0.27%
        Financial investments
          measured at FVTPL                     3,730                –                –          4,823                –              10         8,563           3.67%
        Financial investments
          measured at FVOCI                       159                –                –              –                –             361            520          0.17%
        Customer deposits                      (1,022)            (374)            (171)        (1,150)            (454)           (733)        (3,904)         0.21%

      The major off balance sheet
        items at 31 December 2023
        are as follows:
        Credit commitments and
           financial guarantee                     65             516            3,390              40                1               –         4,012           0.49%
        Other off balance sheet items               –              90                –               –                –               –            90           0.12%
        Loan balance guaranteed by
           related parties                      9,951             250            1,997              56                –             700        12,954           0.52%
278   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      XII          Related Parties and Related Party Transactions (continued)
      2            Related Party Transactions (continued)
                                                       Zhejiang         Zhejiang       Traveller
                                                      Provincial       Provincial   Automobile         Zhejiang                                              Proportion
                                                       Financial   Energy Group          Group     Hengyi Group       Hengdian                          in the amount/
                                                  Holdings Co.,        Co., Ltd.      Co., Ltd.        Co., Ltd. Group Holdings                              balance of
                                                    Ltd. and its         and its        and its          and its Limited and its                         related similar
                                                   subsidiaries      subsidiaries   subsidiaries    subsidiaries    subsidiaries    Others     Total       transactions


                   The amount of significant
                     transactions in 2022 is as
                     follows:
                     Interest income                          1                –              –              99               1          1      102             0.10%
                     Interest expense                      (151)             (10)             –              (8)             (1)        (2)    (172)            0.31%
                     Fee and commission income                –                5              –              13               –          –       18             0.33%
                     Net trading gains                       36                –              –               –              71          –      107             1.73%
                     Other operating income                   –                –              –               –               –          1        1             0.21%

                   At 31 December 2022, the
                     balance of major balance
                     sheet items is as follows:
                     Loans and advances to
                       customers                             10              317              –           1,230                –       59     1,616             0.11%
                     Financial investments
                       measured at FVTPL                  2,066                –              –               –           3,589          –    5,655             2.99%
                     Financial investments
                       measured at AC                         –                –              –           1,500                –         –     1,500            0.41%
                     Customer deposits                   (4,365)          (3,528)             –             (96)            (191)     (210)   (8,390)           0.50%

                   The major off balance sheet
                     items at 31 December 2022
                     are as follows:
                     Credit commitments and
                        financial guarantee                   –              412              –           1,724              74          –    2,210             0.31%
                     Loan balance guaranteed
                        by related parties                6,546              250              –            300                 8         –    7,104             0.48%

                  The Bank disclosed related party transactions in accordance with Measures for the Administration of
                  Affiliated Transactions of Banking and Insurance Institutions . For major related party transactions, please
                  refer to the Bank’s announcement on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, and for general related party
                  transactions, please refer to the Investor Services column on the Bank’s website.
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023      279




                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                             (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


XII   Related Parties and Related Party Transactions (continued)
3     Key Management Personnel
      Key management personnel are those persons who have the authority and responsibility to plan, direct
      and control the activities of the Group. The Group enters into banking transactions with key management
      personnel in the normal course of business. For the reporting period, the Group had no material banking
      transactions and balances with key management personnel.

      The remuneration of directors and other members of key management during the period were as follows:

                                                                                       2023                   2022


      Fees                                                                                  2                      2
      Salaries and allowances and benefits                                                  7                      7
      Discretionary bonuses                                                                 5                      4
      Contribution to pension                                                               2                      2


      Total                                                                               16                     15

      The total compensation packages (before tax) for directors and key management personnel have not
      been finalised.The total compensation packages will be further disclosed when determined.
280   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      XII          Related Parties and Related Party Transactions (continued)
      4            Transactions Between the Bank and the Subsidiary
                   The transactions between the Bank and its subsidiary are mainly subject to general business terms
                   and carried out in accordance with normal business procedures or in accordance with the contractual
                   agreements of the Bank, and shall be approved by the corresponding decision-making authority
                   depending on the nature and the amount of the transaction. The amount of major transactions between
                   the Bank and its subsidiary (consolidated structured entities directly held by the Group excluded) and the
                   balance of major current accounts at the balance sheet date are as follows:

                                                                                                    2023              2022


                   Interest income                                                                    76                 81
                   Interest expense                                                                   (5)                 (6)
                   Fee and commission income                                                          25                 35
                   Fee and commission expense                                                          –                (45)
                   Net gains on financial investments                                                115                 92
                   Other operating income                                                             16                   8

                                                                                           31 December       31 December
                                                                                                  2023              2022


                   Placements with banks and other financial institutions                          3,002             3,002
                   Other assets                                                                       28                20
                   Deposits from banks and other financial institutions                             (433)             (114)
                   Other liabilities                                                                 (14)                (4)


      5            Plan and Transaction of Annuity
                   Except for normal contributions, there were no other related party transactions in the annuity funds
                   established by the Group and the Bank during the reporting period.
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2023      281




                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                 (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


XIII Financial Risk Management
     The Group is exposed to a variety of financial risks arising from its operating activities. The Group
     analyzes, evaluates, accepts and manages those risks or risk portfolios of a certain degree. Managing
     those risks is critical to the financial industry, and risks are an inevitable consequence of being in
     business operation. The Group’s aim is therefore to achieve an appropriate balance between risk and
     return and minimize potential adverse effects on the Group’s financial performance.

     The Group’s risk management policies are designed to identify and analyze these risks, to set appropriate
     risk limits and control programs, and to monitor the risks and adherence to limits by means of reliable
     and up-to-date information systems.

     The board of directors takes the ultimate responsibility for comprehensive risk management, the board of
     supervisors is responsible for supervising comprehensive risk management, and the senior management
     is responsible for implementing comprehensive risk management. The position of chief risk officer has
     been established in place, the senior management has established special committees including risk
     management and internal control committee, asset and liability management committee, credit extension
     committee, asset risk classification review committee and business continuity management committee.

     The risk management department at the head office is the coordination department for comprehensive
     risk management and the leading executive department for management of credit risk, market risk
     (excluding interest rate risk of banking book), country risk and information technology risk. The asset and
     liability management department at the head office is the leading executive department for management
     of the interest rate risk of banking book and liquidity risk. The internal control, compliance and legal
     department at the head office is the leading executive department for operational risk and compliance risk
     management. The party mass work department (the party mass publicity department) at the head office
     is the leading executive department for reputational risk management. The development and planning
     department at the head office is the leading executive department for strategic risk management.

     The primary financial risks to which the Group is exposed to when using financial instruments are credit
     risk, market risk (including interest rate risk, foreign exchange risk) and liquidity risk.

1    Credit Risk
     The Group is exposed to credit risk, which is the risk of loss arising from a client or counterparty’s failure
     to discharge its contractual obligations. Exposure to credit risk mainly arises from interbank transactions,
     corporate and retail loans, as well as loan commitments from lending activities. It can also be derived
     from credit enhancement provided by the Group, such as credit derivatives (credit default swaps), letters
     of credit, financial guarantees and acceptances. Management carefully manages its exposure to credit
     risks. The daily credit risk management and control are centralized in the risk management department at
     the head office and reported to the Bank’s senior management in a timely manner.
282   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
      1            Credit Risk (continued)
      (1)          Credit risk measurement
                   Loans and advances to customers, credit commitments and financial guarantee
                   Based on changes in external business environment, internal business conditions and risk profile, the
                   Group has formulated basic credit policies, and specified the policy orientation in respect of customer
                   structure, industry structure, regional structure and key business areas of the Group’s credit business.
                   In addition, the Group regularly adjusts its credit policy on the basis of continuous tracking of macro
                   and industry economic development trends. The Group shall continue to improve the credit system
                   construction, the unified credit extension management system for corporate and institutional customers,
                   group customer identification and unified credit extension management, the overall management
                   and unified control of the total credits of corporate and institutional customers, and the standardized
                   credit approval process, group customer management. The Bank shall also establish a differentiated
                   authorization system, and timely adjust the credit policy and take effective measures to guard against
                   credit risks.

                   The Group has established the credit risk limit framework system, credit risk limit management plans
                   and methods, and specified management mechanisms in respect of setting, adjusting, monitoring and
                   processing quota indicators to effectively transmit risk preferences. Financial assets are written off when
                   the Group is unable to recover the whole or a part of them even after taking necessary measures and
                   implementing necessary procedures, and when the write-off conditions set by the Ministry of Finance and
                   the Group are met.

                   Bond investment
                   The Group manages investment in bonds and other instruments based on the internal credit rating and
                   credit rating of external rating agencies. Except for immediate approval to government bonds, local
                   government debts, central bank bills and policy bank financial bonds, all other bonds are subject to
                   credit approval processes and credit rating requirements. At the same time, the Group continues to
                   focus on the credit rating, business development and industry changes, to perform continuous evaluation
                   and management of credit risk.

                   Non-bond debt investment
                   Non-bond debt investment includes trust schemes and asset management plans and debt financing
                   plans. The Group implements rating assessment system for cooperative trust companies and securities
                   companies, and sets credit lines for the ultimate financing party of the trust income and targeted asset
                   management plans and debt financing plans, and conducts follow-up review of risk management on a
                   regular basis.

                   Interbank business
                   Credit risk of financial institutions is reviewed and managed on a regularly basis. Credit lines are set for
                   banks or other financial institutions that engage in financial transactions with the Group.
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2023      283




                                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
1     Credit Risk (continued)
(2)   Risk limits and mitigation measures
      The Group has established policies and procedures for credit risk limits management. Credit risk limits
      are set based on specific customers, industries and the quality of assets, and a working mechanism
      is established regarding credit risk limits management, including limits setting, adjustment, monitoring,
      reporting and processing.

      The Group transfers or mitigates its credit risk exposure by way of guarantee, collateral (pledge), net
      settlement and credit derivatives. Other specific management and mitigation measures include:

      Collaterals and pledged assets
      The Group has formulated a series of policies to mitigate credit risks through various measures. The
      acquisition of collateral and margins and obtaining corporate or individual guarantees is an important
      means for the Group to control credit risk. The Group implements guidelines on the acceptability of
      specific classes of collateral. The principal types of collateral are as follows:

      •         Residential properties

      •         Business assets such as commercial properties, inventories and accounts receivables

      •         Financial instruments such as debt securities and stocks

      The fair value of collaterals and pledges are assessed by professional valuation firms appointed by the
      Group. To reduce credit risk, the Group has set maximum loan-to-value ratio (ratio of loan amount to fair
      value of collateral and pledge) for different collaterals and pledges. The principal types of collateral and
      pledge and the maximum loan-to-value ratio for corporate and retail loans are as follows:

                                                                                                Maximum loan to
      Type of collaterals and pledged assets                                                         value ratio


      Time deposits                                                                                             100%
      PRC treasury bonds                                                                                         90%
      Financial bonds                                                                                            80%
      Residential properties and commercial properties                                                           70%
      Land use rights                                                                                            70%
      Vehicles                                                                                                   60%
      General equipment                                                                                          50%

      For loans guaranteed by a third-party, the Group will assess the guarantor’s financial condition, credit
      history and ability to meet obligations.
284   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
      1            Credit Risk (continued)
      (2)          Risk limits and mitigation measures (continued)
                   Derivative financial instruments
                   The Group imposes strict restrictions on the trading of derivative financial instruments. The Group
                   controls the credit risks associated with derivative financial instruments by collecting margins or grant
                   credits from/to counterparties.

                   Deposits of credit commitments and financial guarantee
                   The main purpose of credit commitments and financial guarantee is to ensure that customers can receive
                   the funds needed. The letter of guarantee and the letter of credit represent the Group’s irrevocable
                   undertaking, that is, the Group will perform the payment obligations on behalf of its customers who fail
                   to meet their payment obligations to third parties, and the Group bears the same credit risk as the case
                   of loans. In the event that the amount of credit commitments and financial guarantee requested by the
                   customer exceeds its original credit limit, the Group will collect deposit to reduce the credit risk involved
                   in providing the service.

      (3)          Measurement of ECLs
                   The ECL model is used for the measurement of the allowance for ECLs for financial assets measured at
                   AC, financial assets measured at FVOCI and credit commitments and financial guarantee.

                   The ECL model is developed in accordance with the accounting standards. Based on credit risk
                   characteristics such as product type, customer type, customer industry, the Group has conducted
                   a risk subgroup on financial assets and established different models for non-retail business, retail
                   business, credit card business, etc. The Group has established a regression model of risk parameters
                   and macroeconomic indicators such as GDP, etc. The Group applies the ECL model to calculate credit
                   losses under multiple scenarios to regularly predict three macro scenarios, including optimistic, neutral
                   and pessimistic. The Group uses judgements, assumptions and estimates in measuring the ECLs in
                   accordance with the accounting standards, including:

                   •            Grouping of risks

                   •            Classification of stages

                   •            Models and parameters

                   •            Forward-looking information, other adjustments and sensitivity analysis

                   Grouping of risks
                   Credit exposures are grouped based on credit risk characteristics including type of product, type of
                   customer, industry where the client operates and markets. The non-retail business exposure risk group
                   covers manufacturing loans, real estate loans and wholesale and retail loans, etc. The retail business
                   exposure risk group covers business loans, consumer loans, mortgage loans and credit card, etc.
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2023      285




                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                 (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
1     Credit Risk (continued)
(3)   Measurement of ECLs (continued)
      Classification of stages
      The Group classifies financial instruments into three stages and makes provisions for ECLs accordingly,
      depending on whether the credit risk of a financial instrument has increased significantly or whether
      the financial instrument is credit-impaired since initial recognition. The three risk stages are defined as
      follows:

      Stage 1: Credit risk has not increased significantly since initial recognition. A 12-month ECL is
      recognized.

      Stage 2: Credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition but there is no objective evidence
      of impairment of the financial instrument. A lifetime ECL is recognized.

      Stage 3: When there is objective evidence of impairment of the financial assets at the balance sheet
      date. A lifetime ECL is recognized.

      The Group’s staging criteria has taken into consideration the internal credit rating, probability of default,
      overdue days, credit risk rating, etc.

      Definition of significant increase in credit risk
      At each balance sheet date, the Group assesses whether the credit risk of the relevant financial
      instruments has increased significantly since initial recognition. The Group fully considers all reasonable
      information with solid evidence, including forward-looking information that reflects significant changes in
      its credit risk. The main considerations are regulatory and operating environment, internal and external
      credit rating, solvency, operating capacity, loan contract terms, and repayment behavior. The Group
      determines the changes in credit risk over the expected lifetime of the financial instruments by comparing
      the credit risk of the financial instruments at the balance sheet date with that at the date of initial
      recognition.

      The Group determines whether the credit risk of financial instruments has changed significantly since
      initial recognition by setting quantitative and qualitative criteria. The judgement criteria mainly include
      more than 30 days overdue, special mention for five-category classification, changes in probability of
      default and other cases that indicate a significant change in credit risk.
286   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
      1            Credit Risk (continued)
      (3)          Measurement of ECLs (continued)
                   Definition of credit-impaired financial assets
                   Generally, financial assets are considered to be credit-impaired if:

                   •            The borrower is more than 90 days overdue after the contractual payment date;

                   •            The internal credit rating of the borrower is default level;

                   •            For economic or contractual reasons related to the financial difficulties of the borrower,
                                concessions which normally are not available are being made to the borrower;

                   •            The borrower is experiencing significant financial difficulties;

                   •            The borrower is likely to enter bankruptcy or other financial restructuring; and

                   •            The active market for the financial assets disappears as a result of the financial difficulties of
                                the issuer or debtor.

                   An impairment of financial assets may be caused by the combined effect of multiple events, and may not
                   be the result of a separately identifiable events.

                   The above criteria apply to all financial assets and credit commitments and financial guarantee of the
                   Group. The definition of credit-impaired financial assets is consistently applied to the calculation of ECLs
                   of the Group and when considering about historical statistics and forward-looking information.

                   Models and parameters
                   Except for the credit-impaired financial instruments, depending on whether there is a significant increase
                   in credit risk and whether the assets are credit-impaired, the Group recognizes allowance for different
                   financial instruments with expected credit losses over 12 months or the lifetime of the instrument,
                   respectively. Allowance for ECLs is the result of multiplication of probability of default (PD), loss given
                   default (LGD) and exposure at default (EAD) and discount factor. Related definitions are as follows:

                   •            Probability of default (PD) refers to the possibility that the debtor will not be able to fulfil
                                its obligations in the next 12 months or throughout the life of the asset. The Group’s PD is
                                calculated based on the results of the Internal Rating-Based Approach. The PD of the entire
                                duration is calculated based on the 12-month probability of default;

                   •            Loss given default (LGD) is the percentage of risk exposure loss at the time of default. The
                                default loss rate varies depending on the type of counterparty, the way of recourse and priority
                                and the availability of collateral or other credit support. The LGD varies by financial assets; and

                   •            Exposure at default (EAD) refers to the amount that the Group should pay when the default
                                occurs in the next 12 months or throughout the life of the asset. The Group’s exposure at
                                default is determined by the expected repayment arrangements, and it varies depending on the
                                types of products. For installments payment and lump sum repayment, the Group determines
                                the exposure at default according to the repayment plan stipulated in the contract.
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2023      287




                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                  (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
1     Credit Risk (continued)
(3)   Measurement of ECLs (continued)
      Models and parameters (continued)
      The Group determines the ECLs by forecasting the probability of default, loss given default and exposure
      at default of future individual debt. The Group multiplies the three parameters to calculate the ECLs for
      future periods, and then discount the results of each period to the report date in lump sum. The discount
      rate used in the calculation of expected credit loss is the initial effective interest rate or its approximate
      value.

      The measurement of ECLs for credit-impaired corporate loans and advances to customers and
      investments applied cash flow discount method, if there is objective evidence that an financial asset
      is credit-impaired, the amount of the ECLs is measured as the difference between the asset’s gross
      carrying amount and the present value of estimated future cash flows discounted at the asset’s original
      effective interest rate. In determining ECLs on an individual basis, the following factors are considered:

      •         The sustainability of the borrower’s business plan;

      •         The ability to improve performance once a financial difficulty has arisen;

      •         The estimated recoverable cash flows from disposal of assets and liquidation;

      •         The availability of other financial support and the realizable value of collaterals; and

      •         The timing of the expected cash flows.

      Forward-looking information, other adjustments and sensitivity analysis
      The Group has established a forward-looking model and developed regression models for different
      macro-economic indicators such as Gross Domestic Product growth rate year-on-year (GDP). The Group
      uses forecasting results of macro-indicators to achieve “forward-looking” calculation of ECLs.

      The Group forecasts multiple macro indicators under three domestic macro scenarios: optimistic,
      neutral and pessimistic. The Group uses the weight scorecard model to determine the weight of
      the macroeconomic multi scenario indicator forecast value through quantitative analysis of the
      macroeconomic multi scenario forecast value. Neutral scenario is defined as the most probable situation,
      which will become benchmark for other scenarios. Optimistic and pessimistic scenarios are possible
      scenarios which are better and worse than neutral scenario respectively. It can also be used as one of
      the sources of sensitivity analysis.
288   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
      1            Credit Risk (continued)
      (3)          Measurement of ECLs (continued)
                   Forward-looking information, other adjustments and sensitivity analysis (continued)
                   At 31 December 2023, the key macro-indicators the Group has applied include the GDP growth rate on
                   year-on-year basis, the CPI growth rate on year-on-year basis, M2 money supply growth rate on year-
                   on-year basis, etc. Among all, the forecasts of height weights macro-indicators are listed as follows:

                   Indicators                                                                               Predictive range


                   GDP growth rate on year-on-year basis                                             From 3.17% to 6.57%
                   CPI growth rate on year-on-year basis                                             From 0.52% to 1.38%
                   M2 money supply growth rate on year-on-year basis                                From 8.97% to 11.09%

                   Through sensitivity analysis, when the weight of optimistic scenario increases by 10% and the weight of
                   neutral scenario decreases by 10%, the allowance for ECLs will decrease by no more than 1.75%. When
                   the weight of pessimistic scenario increases by 10% and the weight of neutral scenario decreases by
                   10%, the allowance for ECLs will increase by no more than 2.60%.

                   When managing ECL model, the Bank fully considered the impact of the potential factors of local
                   government debt on credit risk exposure and makes allowance for ECLs prudently, thereby enhancing
                   the Group’s risk compensation capability.

      (4)          Maximum exposure to credit risk
                   The following table provides an analysis of the exposure to credit risk of financial instruments applicable
                   to the measurement of ECLs. The carrying amount of the following financial assets is the maximum
                   exposure to credit risk of the Group:

                                                                                           31 December        31 December
                                                                                                  2023               2022


                   Cash and balances with the central bank                                       164,723            185,625
                   Deposits with banks and other financial institutions                           70,856             43,461
                   Placements with banks and other financial institutions                          8,574              9,581
                   Financial assets purchased under resale agreements                             74,595             15,886
                   Loans and advances to customers
                     – measured at AC                                                          1,325,604          1,163,019
                     – measured at FVOCI                                                         347,668            323,272
                   Financial investments
                     – measured at AC                                                            463,311            368,792
                     – measured at FVOCI                                                         302,841            192,724
                   Other financial assets                                                         62,391             51,293


                   Total                                                                       2,820,563          2,353,653

                   At the balance sheet date, the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk in respect of off-balance-sheet
                   credit commitments and financial guarantee contracts is disclosed in Note IX. 1.
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2023      289




                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                 (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
1     Credit Risk (continued)
(5)   Risk concentration
      The credit risk usually increases if the counterparties are concentrated in a certain industry, region or
      based on certain economic characteristics. Meanwhile, the economic development is differentiated by
      the unique characteristics of industries and regions, so the credit risk varies from industry to industry and
      region to region.

      Geographical segments
      The gross amount of loans and advances to customers granted by the Group are listed as follows by
      region (fair value changes and interest accrued excluded):

                                                       31 December 2023                  31 December 2022
                                                         Gross                             Gross
                                                       amount    Proportion               amount    Proportion


      Yangtze River Delta Region                       903,104          52.90%           843,069               55.56%
      Midwestern China Region                          333,316          19.53%           281,109               18.53%
      Bohai Rim Region                                 269,494          15.79%           222,300               14.65%
      Pearl River Delta Region and Economic
        Zone on the Western Coast of the
        Taiwan Straits                                 201,143          11.78%           170,856               11.26%


      Total                                          1,707,057         100.00%         1,517,334             100.00%
290   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
      1            Credit Risk (continued)
      (5)          Risk concentration (continued)
                   Industry segments
                   The gross amount of loans and advances to customers granted by the Group are listed as follows by
                   industry (fair value changes and interest accrued excluded):

                                                                 31 December 2023           31 December 2022
                                                                   Gross                      Gross
                                                                 amount    Proportion        amount    Proportion


                   Corporate loans and advances
                   Leasing and commercial services               240,018      14.06%        209,367        13.80%
                   Manufacturing                                 239,911      14.05%        216,921        14.29%
                   Wholesale and retail trade                    201,420      11.80%        167,816        11.06%
                   Real estate                                   177,749      10.41%        166,827        10.99%
                   Construction                                   68,798       4.03%         50,662         3.34%
                   Administration of water conservancy,
                      environment and public facilities           63,377       3.71%         63,103         4.16%
                   Scientific research, technology services
                      and geological exploration                  19,716       1.15%         13,783         0.91%
                   Financing                                      19,593       1.15%         18,259         1.20%
                   Accommodation and catering                     15,328       0.90%         12,074         0.80%
                   Transportation, storage and
                      postal service                              15,144       0.89%         13,232         0.87%
                   Mining                                         14,757       0.86%          8,483         0.56%
                   Information transmission, computer
                      services and software industry              14,440       0.85%         10,075         0.66%
                   Production and supply of electricity,
                      heat, gas and water                         12,835       0.75%         14,294         0.94%
                   Agriculture, forestry, animal husbandry
                      and fishery                                 12,125       0.71%         12,092         0.80%
                   Culture, sports and entertainment               6,063       0.36%          4,911         0.32%
                   Education                                       2,551       0.15%          1,792         0.12%
                   Household services and other services           2,545       0.15%          1,604         0.11%
                   Health, social security and social welfare      1,797       0.11%          1,771         0.12%
                   Public administration and social
                      organization                                     3       0.00%             13         0.00%


                   Corporate loans and advances                 1,128,170     66.09%        987,079        65.05%
                   Personal loans and advances                    476,692     27.92%        417,881        27.54%
                   Discounted bills                               102,195      5.99%        112,374         7.41%


                   Total                                        1,707,057    100.00%      1,517,334       100.00%
                                                                                                             Annual Report 2023      291




                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                        (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
1     Credit Risk (continued)
(6)   Credit risk analysis of loans and advances to customers
      At the balance sheet date, the stage, overdue information and allowance for ECLs of loans and advances
      to customers (fair value changes and interest accrued excluded) of the Group are listed as follows:

                                                                                       31 December            31 December
                                                                         Notes                2023                   2022


      Credit-impaired                                                                          26,270                  26,280
      Less: Allowance for ECLs                                             (a)                (16,788)                (15,217)


      Subtotal                                                                                   9,482                 11,063


      Overdue but not credit-impaired                                                            6,313                  8,197
      Less: Allowance for ECLs                                             (b)                  (2,013)                (2,608)


      Subtotal                                                                                   4,300                  5,589


      Neither overdue nor credit-impaired                                                  1,674,474              1,482,857
      Less: Allowance for ECLs                                             (c)               (24,167)               (20,914)


      Subtotal                                                                             1,650,307              1,461,943


      Total                                                                                1,664,089              1,478,595

      (a)     At 31 December 2023, the allowance for ECLs of the loans and advances to customers measured at FVOCI
              which were credit-impaired were RMB490 million (31 December 2022: RMB225 million). The allowance for ECLs
              are recognized in other comprehensive income, without offsetting the carrying amount of these financial assets
              in the balance sheet.

      (b)     At 31 December 2023, the allowance for ECLs of the loans and advances to customers measured at FVOCI
              which were overdue but not credit-impaired were RMB65 million (31 December 2022: RMB33 million). The
              allowance for ECLs are recognized in other comprehensive income, without offsetting the carrying amount of
              these financial assets in the balance sheet.

      (c)     At 31 December 2023, the allowance for ECLs of the loans and advances to customers measured at FVOCI
              which were neither overdue nor credit-impaired were RMB1,387 million (31 December 2022: RMB1,728 million).
              The allowance for ECLs are recognized in other comprehensive income, without offsetting the carrying amount
              of these financial assets in the balance sheet.
292   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
      1            Credit Risk (continued)
      (7)          Credit risk analysis of the amounts due from banks and other financial institutions
                   Amounts due from banks and other financial institutions include deposits with banks and other financial
                   institutions, placements with banks and other financial institutions and financial assets purchased under
                   resale agreements. At the balance sheet date, the book balance (interest accrued excluded) of the
                   Group’s due from banks and other financial institutions classified by stage, overdue information and
                   counterparties are analyzed as follows:

                                                                                          31 December        31 December
                                                                                                 2023               2022


                   Neither overdue nor credit-impaired
                     – AAA1 to AAA6                                                              27,706            15,644
                     – AA1 to AA6                                                                42,374            17,243
                     – A1 to A3                                                                  67,071             6,597
                     – No rating                                                                 16,579            29,469


                   Less: Allowance for ECLs                                                          (39)             (240)


                   Total                                                                        153,691            68,713
                                                                                                            Annual Report 2023      293




                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                       (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
1     Credit Risk (continued)
(8)   Credit risk analysis of debt instrument investments
      The Group continuously monitors the credit risk profile of the debt instrument portfolios held. At the
      balance sheet date, the carrying amount (fair value changes and interest accrued excluded) of the debt
      instruments which are subjected to the measurement of ECLs is listed as follows:

                                                                                     31 December             31 December
                                                                        Notes               2023                    2022


      Credit-impaired                                                                         53,607                  32,568
      Less: Allowance for ECLs                                            (a)                (23,264)                (16,202)


      Subtotal                                                                                30,343                  16,366


      Overdue but not credit-impaired                                                             300                  5,265
      Less: Allowance for ECLs                                                                   (126)                (1,584)


      Subtotal                                                                                    174                  3,681


      Neither overdue nor credit-impaired
        – Government and Central Bank                                                       297,906                 234,840
        – Policy banks                                                                      184,304                  84,567
        – Commercial banks                                                                   62,208                  47,765
        – Other financial institutions                                                       20,077                   8,131
        – Others                                                                            165,660                 163,144
      Less: Allowance for ECLs                                            (b)                (4,328)                 (3,263)


      Subtotal                                                                              725,827                 535,184


      Total                                                                                 756,344                 555,231

      (a)     At 31 December 2023, the total allowance for ECLs of the debt investments measured at FVOCI which were
              credit-impaired, were RMB187 million (31 December 2022: Nil). The ECL allowance are recognized in other
              comprehensive income, without offsetting the carrying amount of these financial assets in the balance sheet.

      (b)     At 31 December 2023, the total allowance for ECLs of the debt investments measured at FVOCI which were
              neither overdue nor credit-impaired, were RMB330 million (31 December 2022: RMB391 million). The ECL
              allowance are recognized in other comprehensive income, without offsetting the carrying amount of these
              financial assets in the balance sheet.
294   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
      1            Credit Risk (continued)
      (9)          Restructured loans
                   Restructured loans refer to loans where the borrower is in a deteriorating financial situation, unable
                   to comply with the repayment schedule specified in the loan contract, overdue specified in the credit
                   management policy, and the repayment has been abnormal. The Group has to revise the repayment
                   conditions and make concession arrangements for the borrower. At 31 December 2023, the Group has
                   restructured loans and advances (allowance for ECLs excluded), which were classified as non-performing
                   loans, amounted to RMB3,325 million (31 December 2022: RMB140 million).

      (10)         Collaterals and other credit enhancement
                   The Group closely monitors the collaterals corresponding to credit-impaired financial assets, as compared
                   with other collaterals, the Group is more likely to confiscate these collaterals to reduce potential credit
                   losses. At the balance sheet date, the Group’s credit-impaired loans and advances to customers
                   and financial investments (fair value changes and interest accrued excluded) and the corresponding
                   exposures covered by collateral are listed as follows:

                                                                                    31 December 2023
                                                                                                                  Exposures
                                                                     Gross       Allowance                       covered by
                                                                    amount        for ECLs         Subtotal        collateral

                   Credit-impaired financial assets
                   Loans and advances to customers
                     – Loans and advances measured at AC             25,353         (16,788)          8,565          17,239
                     – Loans and advances measured
                         at FVOCI                                       917            (490)            427              439
                   Financial investments
                     – Financial assets measured at AC               53,216         (23,264)         29,952          47,947
                     – Financial assets measured at FVOCI               391            (187)            204               –

                   Total                                             79,877         (40,729)         39,148          65,625

                                                                                    31 December 2022
                                                                                                                  Exposures
                                                                     Gross        Allowance                      covered by
                                                                    amount         for ECLs         Subtotal       collateral

                   Credit-impaired financial assets
                   Loans and advances to customers
                     – Loans and advances measured at AC             25,646         (15,217)         10,429          18,672
                     – Loans and advances measured
                         at FVOCI                                       634             (225)           409               65
                   Financial investments
                     – Financial assets measured at AC               32,568         (16,202)         16,366          23,277

                   Total                                             58,848         (31,644)         27,204          42,014
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023      295




                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                             (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
2    Market Risk
     Market risk refers to the risk of losses of on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet business arising
     from unfavorable changes in market prices including interest rates, exchange rates, stock prices
     and commodity prices. The Group’s exposures to market risk arise from the trading and non-trading
     businesses.

     The Group’s market risk management system consists of the board of directors, the board of
     supervisors, senior management, risk management and internal control committee, risk management
     department, capital operation center, FinTech department, audit department, other departments, as well
     as branches, subbranches and the subsidiary. Senior management is responsible for implementing and
     organizing the market risk management, overseeing the implementation of market risk appetite, as well as
     formulating and carrying out relevant systems and policies for market risk management and establishing
     market risk management information system, so as to ensure the Group can effectively identify, measure,
     monitor and control a series of market risks assumed by various businesses.

     The market risk measurement methods adopted by the Group include duration analysis, foreign exchange
     exposure analysis, scenario analysis, sensitivity analysis, Value at Risk (VaR) measurement etc., and the
     measures taken by the Group to control market risks include, among others, limit management, hedging,
     reducing risk exposures etc. The Group has established a market risk management system pursuant
     to the relevant measures and guidelines of the original CBIRC. The Group has formulated market risk
     management policies and procedures applicable to the nature, scale, complexity and risk features of
     its business and aligned such policies and procedures with its overall business development strategy,
     management capabilities, capital strength and overall risk level that can be assumed by the Group.

     The Group updates its market risk appetite and limit management system on a regular basis, further
     improves the market risk management systems and market risk measurement systems. The Group
     conducts market risk measurement, monitoring and routine management by using the independent
     market risk management system. The Group performs daily valuation of trading book positions,
     continuously monitors non-stop-loss limits and stop-loss limits, and regularly evaluates market risks
     through stress testing and other methods.
296   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
      2            Market Risk (continued)
      (1)          Interest rate risk
                   Interest rate risk in the banking book refers to the risk of losses in the economic value and overall gains
                   of the banking book arising from adverse changes in interest rate levels and term structure, mainly
                   including gap risk, benchmark risk and optional risk.

                   The objective of the Group’s interest rate risk management is to control the interest rate risk of banking
                   book within an acceptable and reasonable range and reduce the fluctuation of net interest income of
                   banking book as well as economic value thereby maximizing the comprehensive income bank-wide.

                   The Group’s interest rate risk management system of banking book consists of the board of directors,
                   the board of supervisors, senior management, risk management and internal control committee,
                   asset and liability management committee, risk management department, planning and asset and
                   liability management department, capital operation center, audit department and other operation and
                   management departments at the head office, as well as branches, sub-branches and subsidiaries.
                   Senior management is responsible for implementing the interest rate risk management of banking book,
                   establishing the framework for interest rate risk management and the system for measurement of interest
                   rate risk of banking book, and promoting the effective implementation of relevant systems and policies
                   for interest rate risk management of banking book.

                   The Group measures and evaluates the interest rate risk of banking book mainly through price resetting
                   gap analysis, sensitivity analysis, scenario simulation analysis, stress test etc.. In the scenario analysis,
                   the Group also measures the interest rate risk exposure of the banking book and the maturity mismatch
                   of assets and liabilities by taking into account the changes in option risk parameters such as the early
                   repayment rate of loans, the early withdrawal rate of time deposits, and the deposit sedimentation rate of
                   deposits with no maturity date, and their changes under different scenarios. During the reporting period,
                   the Group paid close attention to macroeconomic environment and the market changes, and formulated
                   strategies for interest rate risk management of the banking book by taking into account factors such
                   as the Group’s risk appetite and risk profile, in order to optimize the asset and liability structure. At the
                   balance sheet date, the interest rate risk of banking book of the Group is within the target limit and the
                   risk is under control as a whole.

                   Due to fluctuations in market interest rates, the Group’s interest margin may increase, or may decrease
                   or even incur losses due to unexpected changes. The Group operates its business in accordance with
                   the deposit and loan interest rate policies of the PBOC.
                                                                                                                             Annual Report 2023      297




                                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                                        (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
2     Market Risk (continued)
(1)   Interest rate risk (continued)
      The following tables indicate the financial assets and financial liabilities of the Group at the balance sheet
      date by the expected next repricing date or by contract expiration date, whichever is earlier.

                                                                                        31 December 2023
                                                                                    After       After       After
                                                          Non-                  1 month 3 months          1 year
                                                       interest       Within   but within but within but within               After
                                                       bearing     1 months    3 months        1 year    5 years           5 years         Total

      Financial assets
        Cash and balances with the central bank            930      163,793            –           –               –             –      164,723
        Deposits with banks and other financial
          institutions                                     155       58,208        8,198       4,139             156             –       70,856
        Placements with banks and other
          financial institutions                           108        2,224        2,249       3,993               –             –        8,574
        Derivative financial assets                     21,953            –            –           –               –             –       21,953
        Financial assets purchased under
          resale agreements                                 71       74,524           –            –               –            –        74,595
        Loans and advances to customers                  7,766      333,983     171,165      641,451         402,345      116,562     1,673,272
        Financial investments
          – measured at FVTPL                          155,123        3,316        9,514      25,448          29,248       10,492       233,141
          – measured at AC                               7,330       30,088       22,620      62,132         215,214      125,927       463,311
          – measured at FVOCI                            4,169          955        6,865      71,859         162,799       57,538       304,185
        Other financial assets                           6,903        5,479        5,260      24,302          19,513          934        62,391

      Total financial assets                           204,508      672,570     225,871      833,324         829,275      311,453     3,077,001

      Financial liabilities
        Due to the central bank                            (466)    (56,096)     (16,212)    (47,141)              –             –     (119,915)
        Deposits from banks and other financial
          institutions                                   (2,813)    (71,341)     (83,187)   (198,315)         (2,998)            –     (358,654)
        Placements from banks and other
          financial institutions                           (618)    (12,424)     (15,274)    (56,711)         (2,654)            –      (87,681)
        Financial liabilities at fair value through
          profit or loss                                   (774)    (12,658)           –           –               –             –      (13,432)
        Derivative financial liabilities                (21,034)          –            –           –               –             –      (21,034)
        Financial assets sold under repurchase
          agreements                                        (64)    (57,281)      (2,604)     (2,157)              –             –    (62,106)
        Customer deposits                               (31,925)   (866,951)    (112,739)   (398,454)       (458,590)            – (1,868,659)
        Debt securities issued                           (1,676)    (13,562)     (87,244)   (162,056)       (101,400)      (30,000) (395,938)
        Lease liabilities                                     –         (86)        (142)       (521)         (2,021)         (487)    (3,257)
        Other financial liabilities                      (9,427)       (724)        (379)       (637)              –             –    (11,167)

      Total financial liabilities                       (68,797) (1,091,123)    (317,781)   (865,992)       (567,663)      (30,487) (2,941,843)


      Interest rate exposure                           135,711     (418,553)     (91,910)    (32,668)        261,612      280,966       135,158
298   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
      2            Market Risk (continued)
      (1)          Interest rate risk (continued)
                                                                                                        31 December 2022
                                                                                                   After         After      After
                                                                      Non-                     1 month       3 months     1 year
                                                                   interest        Within     but within but within but within             After
                                                                   bearing      1 months      3 months          1 year   5 years        5 years         Total


                   Financial assets
                     Cash and balances with the central bank           630       184,995               –             –             –          –     185,625
                     Deposits with banks and other financial
                       institutions                                      93       34,876          2,785         5,707              –          –      43,461
                     Placements with banks and other
                       financial institutions                          121         1,098            824         7,538              –          –       9,581
                     Derivative financial assets                    14,179             –              –             –              –          –      14,179
                     Financial assets purchased under
                       resale agreements                                 1        15,788            97             –            –             –       15,886
                     Loans and advances to customers                 5,091       151,826       132,632       565,394      397,818       233,530    1,486,291
                     Financial investments
                       – measured at FVTPL                         133,364         1,019         5,632         25,183      20,186         3,636     189,020
                       – measured at AC                              7,275        20,665        16,037         81,732     196,396        46,687     368,792
                       – measured at FVOCI                           3,245         1,308         3,501         52,944     105,695        27,344     194,037
                     Other financial assets                          4,875         3,150         2,592         25,730      14,408           538      51,293


                   Total financial assets                          168,874       414,725       164,100       764,228      734,503       311,735    2,558,165


                   Financial liabilities
                     Due to the central bank                          (247)      (51,560)        (7,553)      (37,810)             –          –      (97,170)
                     Deposits from banks and other financial
                       institutions                                 (1,276)      (81,346)      (46,758)      (104,734)      (7,700)           –     (241,814)
                     Placements from banks and other
                       financial institutions                         (409)      (11,618)      (14,115)       (36,706)      (1,307)           –      (64,155)
                     Financial liabilities at fair value through
                       profit or loss                                   (55)             –             –             –             –          –           (55)
                     Derivative financial liabilities              (14,462)              –             –             –             –          –      (14,462)
                     Financial assets sold under repurchase
                       agreements                                        (19)       (2,985)       (1,901)       (1,161)            –          –       (6,066)
                     Customer deposits                             (23,093)     (833,310)     (108,789)      (342,882)    (373,369)           – (1,681,443)
                     Debt securities issued                          (1,550)      (16,677)      (58,115)     (170,316)      (61,375)    (15,000)  (323,033)
                     Lease liabilities                                     –          (119)         (104)         (528)       (2,035)      (532)      (3,318)
                     Other financial liabilities                     (9,018)          (403)           (47)        (853)            –          –     (10,321)


                   Total financial liabilities                     (50,129)     (998,018)     (237,382)      (694,990)    (445,786)     (15,532) (2,441,837)


                   Interest rate exposure                          118,745      (583,293)      (73,282)        69,238     288,717       296,203     116,328
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2023      299




                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                     (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
2     Market Risk (continued)
(1)   Interest rate risk (continued)
      The Group measures the potential effect of change in interest rates on the Group’s net interest income
      and other comprehensive income by the sensitivity analysis method. The following table sets forth the
      effect on the Group’s net interest income and other comprehensive income from possible and reasonable
      interest rate fluctuations with all other variables held constant. The effect on net interest income refers
      to the effect of certain interest rate changes on the net interest income generated by financial assets
      and liabilities that are held at the end of the year and whose interest rate are expected to be repriced
      within one year. The effect on other comprehensive income refers to the effect of certain interest rate
      changes on the fair value change generated by debt investments measured at FVOCI that are held at the
      end of the year. The following table sets forth the effect on the Group’s net interest income and other
      comprehensive income from interest rate fluctuations with other variables held constant (income tax
      expense included):

                                                         2023                                       2022
                                                                       Other                                         Other
                                             Net interest    comprehensive             Net interest        comprehensive
                                                  income             income                 income                 income
                                             (Decrease)/        (Decrease)/            (Decrease)/            (Decrease)/
                                                Increase           Increase               Increase               Increase

      Changes in interest rate
        Increase by 25 basis points                  (860)             (1,754)               (1,036)                 (1,134)
        Decrease by 25 basis points                   860               1,768                 1,036                   1,135

      For the purpose of the sensitivity analysis, the Group adopts the following assumptions in determining
      commercial conditions and financial parameters:

      (i)       the analysis is based on the static gap at the balance sheet date, regardless of subsequent
                changes;

      (ii)      all assets and liabilities that are repriced or due within one year are assumed to be repriced or
                due at the beginning of the respective periods;

      (iii)     same fluctuations in interest rates of different interest-bearing assets and interest-bearing
                liabilities are the same;

      (iv)      yield curves move in parallel with change in interest rates;

      (v)       there are no other changes in the assets or liabilities portfolio;

      (vi)      no consideration of impact on customer behavior, market price and off-balance sheet business
                resulting from interest rate changes; and

      (vii)     no consideration of actions taken by the Group in response to interest rate changes.

      Therefore, the actual results on net interest income and other comprehensive income due to the increase
      or decrease in interest rates may differ from the analysis based on such assumptions.
300   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
      2            Market Risk (continued)
      (2)          Foreign exchange risk
                   The Group’s business mainly operates in China and settles in RMB. The tables below show the Group’s
                   exposure to currency risk at the balance sheet date with the book values of various financial assets and
                   liabilities converted into RMB.

                                                                                             31 December 2023
                                                                                       USD              HKD            Others
                                                                        RMB (RMB equivalent) (RMB equivalent) (RMB equivalent)         Total

                   Financial assets
                     Cash and balances with the central bank         157,668            7,024              17               14      164,723
                     Deposits with banks and other financial
                       institutions                                   61,878            5,869             299            2,810       70,856
                     Placement with banks and other financial
                       institutions                                    7,650              924               –                –        8,574
                     Derivative financial assets                      18,481            3,256             213                3       21,953
                     Financial assets purchased under resale
                       agreements                                     74,595                –               –                –       74,595
                     Loans and advances to customers               1,631,045           25,055          10,493            6,679    1,673,272
                     Financial investments
                       – measured at FVTPL                           226,272            6,869               –                –      233,141
                       – measured at AC                              444,598           17,435               –            1,278      463,311
                       – measured at FVOCI                           260,524           37,896           1,756            4,009      304,185
                     Other financial assets                           60,458            1,927               –                6       62,391

                     Total financial assets                        2,943,169          106,255          12,778           14,799    3,077,001

                   Financial liabilities
                     Due to the central bank                        (119,915)               –                –               –     (119,915)
                     Deposits from banks and other financial
                       institutions                                 (346,677)          (9,991)          (1,220)           (766)    (358,654)
                     Placements from banks and other financial
                       institutions                                   (77,817)         (9,251)             (95)           (518)      (87,681)
                     Financial liabilities at fair value through
                       profit or loss                                 (13,432)              –                –               –       (13,432)
                     Derivative financial liabilities                 (18,053)         (2,661)               –            (320)      (21,034)
                     Financial assets sold under repurchase
                       agreements                                     (55,269)         (6,837)               –               –       (62,106)
                     Customer deposits                             (1,780,349)        (73,268)          (1,734)        (13,308)   (1,868,659)
                     Debt securities issued                          (391,666)         (4,272)               –               –      (395,938)
                     Lease liabilities                                 (3,227)              –              (30)              –        (3,257)
                     Other financial liabilities                      (11,071)            (77)              (3)            (16)      (11,167)

                     Total financial liabilities                   (2,817,476)       (106,357)          (3,082)        (14,928)   (2,941,843)

                   Net amount                                        125,693             (102)          9,696             (129)     135,158

                   Credit commitments and financial guarantee        784,670           30,009           3,116            6,806      824,601
                                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2023      301




                                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                                            (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
2     Market Risk (continued)
(2)   Foreign exchange risk (continued)
                                                                                               31 December 2022
                                                                                     USD                   HKD            Others
                                                                RMB       (RMB equivalent)      (RMB equivalent) (RMB equivalent)               Total


      Financial assets
        Cash and balances with the central bank             181,118                 4,475                   26                  6           185,625
        Deposits with banks and other financial
          institutions                                        35,525                5,190                1,130              1,616             43,461
        Placement with banks and other financial
          institutions                                         9,079                  279                  223                  –              9,581
        Derivative financial assets                           12,934                1,162                   68                 15             14,179
        Financial assets purchased under resale
          agreements                                         15,886                     –                    –                  –             15,886
        Loans and advances to customers                   1,447,189                26,764                8,201              4,137          1,486,291
        Financial investments
          – measured at FVTPL                               177,418                11,602                    –                  –           189,020
          – measured at AC                                  350,378                16,721                    –              1,693           368,792
          – measured at FVOCI                               156,041                33,554                1,750              2,692           194,037
        Other financial assets                               46,932                 3,277                1,061                 23            51,293


        Total financial assets                            2,432,500               103,024               12,459             10,182          2,558,165


      Financial liabilities
        Due to the central bank                              (97,170)                     –                   –                  –           (97,170)
        Deposits from banks and other financial
          institutions                                      (233,762)              (5,596)               (2,436)              (20)          (241,814)
        Placements from banks and other financial
          institutions                                       (49,128)             (14,565)                    –              (462)           (64,155)
        Financial liabilities at fair value through
          profit or loss                                          (55)                  –                    –                  –                 (55)
        Derivative financial liabilities                     (13,300)                (922)                (226)               (14)           (14,462)
        Financial assets sold under repurchase
          agreements                                                 –              (6,066)                    –                 –              (6,066)
        Customer deposits                                 (1,622,653)             (49,282)                (964)            (8,544)        (1,681,443)
        Debt securities issued                              (318,129)               (4,904)                    –                 –          (323,033)
        Lease liabilities                                       (3,266)                   –                 (52)                 –              (3,318)
        Other financial liabilities                           (10,288)                  (26)                  (1)               (6)           (10,321)


        Total financial liabilities                       (2,347,751)             (81,361)               (3,679)           (9,046)        (2,441,837)


      Net amount                                              84,749               21,663                8,780              1,136           116,328


      Credit commitments and financial guarantee            684,100                32,393                2,543              4,050           723,086
302   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
      2            Market Risk (continued)
      (2)          Foreign exchange risk (continued)
                   The Group measures the potential effect of changes in foreign exchange rates on the Group’s net profit
                   and equity by the sensitivity analysis method. The following table sets forth the effect on the Group’s
                   net profit and equity from possible foreign exchange rate fluctuations with other variables held constant
                   (income tax expense included):

                                                                                         Sensitivity of net profit and equity
                                                                                           31 December            31 December
                                                                                                    2023                  2022
                                                                                               Increase/              Increase/
                                                                                             (Decrease)              (Decrease)


                   Changes in USD exchange rate
                   Appreciation against RMB by 100 bps                                                  (1)                 172
                   Depreciation against RMB by 100 bps                                                   1                 (172)

                   Changes in HKD exchange rate
                   Appreciation against RMB by 100 bps                                                 42                     66
                   Depreciation against RMB by 100 bps                                                (42)                   (66)

                   The sensitivity analysis is based on the following assumptions:

                   (i)          the analysis is based on the static gap at the balance sheet date, regardless of subsequent
                                changes;

                   (ii)         the foreign exchange rate sensitivity is the gains or losses recognized as a result of a 100-basis
                                point fluctuation in the absolute value of foreign exchange rates against the closing price
                                (middle price) of RMB at the balance sheet date;

                   (iii)        the fluctuation of exchange rates by 100 basis points at the balance sheet date is based on
                                the assumption of exchange rates movement over the next 12 months;

                   (iv)         when calculating the foreign exchange exposure, spot and forward from foreign exchange
                                exposure and swaps are included;

                   (v)          other variables (including interest rates) remain unchanged;

                   (vi)         no consideration of impact on customers’ behavior and market price resulting from exchange
                                rate changes; and

                   (vii)        the assets and liabilities have a static exchange rate risk structure and no consideration is
                                given to the measures that the Group may take to eliminate the adverse impact of foreign
                                exchange exposure on net profit and equity.

                   Therefore, the actual results of net profit and equity due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates
                   may differ from the analysis based on such assumptions.
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2023      303




                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                 (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
3    Liquidity Risk
     Liquidity risk refers to the risk of failure to obtain adequate funds in time at reasonable costs to repay
     debts when they are due, perform other payment obligations and meet other capital needs in the ordinary
     course of business. Factors affecting liquidity risks are divided into external factors and internal factors.
     External factors include domestic and foreign financial situation, macroeconomic regulation policies,
     depth and width of developments of financial markets and the competition status of the banking industry.
     Internal factors include maturities of assets and liabilities, business structures, stability of deposits, and
     market financing capacity and various unexpected events, etc.

     The objective of the Group’s liquidity management is to ensure that the Group’s liquidity needs can be
     met in a timely manner and at a reasonable cost thereby controlling the liquidity risk within an acceptable
     and reasonable range.

     The Group’s liquidity risk management system consists of the board of directors, the board of
     supervisors, senior management, risk management and internal control committee, asset and liability
     management committee, risk management department, planning and asset and liability management
     department, capital operation center, audit department, other operation and management departments
     of the head office, as well as branches, subbranches and subsidiaries. Senior management is
     responsible for implementing and organizing the liquidity risk management as well as the formulation and
     implementation of relevant systems and policies for liquidity risk management.

     The Group manages the liquidity risk in a centralized manner. By establishing a scientific and completed
     liquidity risk management system, the Group can effectively identify, measure, monitor, control and report
     its liquidity risk. The Group strengthens its liquidity risk management ability by continuously improving
     the perspectiveness and initiative of liquidity risk management. Specific measures for liquidity risk
     management include: paying close attention to both domestic and foreign macroeconomic situations and
     market liquidity changes, as well as adjusting the asset and liability management strategies in a timely
     manner; strengthening debt management, making flexible use of active debt instruments, broadening
     long-term sources of fund, and continuously increasing the proportion of stable liabilities; promoting
     the construction of diversified of financing channels and actively expanding financing channels while
     maintaining good relationships with major financing counterparties; strengthening the management of
     high-quality liquid assets, ensuring the fitness of the retention scale of high-quality liquid assets and
     the potential financing needs to enhance the liquidity risk mitigation capability; strengthening the early-
     warning monitoring and management of liquidity, optimizing the emergency response program for
     liquidity risk and conducting emergency drills on a regular basis; conducting stress tests for liquidity risk
     on a quarterly basis, identifying weak points in respect of the Group’s liquidity risk management based
     on results of such tests, adjusting liquidity risk management strategies if necessary, and modifying the
     liquidity risk management measures in a timely manner to improve liquidity risk management mechanism.
304   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
      3            Liquidity Risk (continued)
      (1)          Analysis of contractual undiscounted cash flows of non derivative financial assets and financial
                   liabilities
                   The tables below present the contractual undiscounted cash flows of non-derivative financial assets and
                   financial liabilities by remaining contractual maturities from the balance sheet date to the contractual
                   maturity date. The amounts disclosed in the table are contractual undiscounted cash flows:

                                                                                                     31 December 2023
                                                                                                        After      After      After
                                                                                    On              1 month 3 months         1 year
                                                                              demand/       Within but within but within but within          After
                                                                   Overdue   indefinite   1 month 3 months        1 year   5 years        5 years        Total

                   Financial assets
                     Cash and balances with the central bank             –    164,723            –           –           –           –          –     164,723
                     Deposits with banks and other financial
                       institutions                                      –     43,713      14,528        8,328       4,228        171           –      70,968
                     Placements with banks and other
                       financial institutions                            –           –       2,252       2,303       4,128           –          –        8,683
                     Financial assets purchased under resale
                       agreements                                        –           –     74,646           –           –           –           –       74,646
                     Loans and advances to customers                11,704           –    120,849     185,919     672,419     491,930     335,757    1,818,578
                     Financial investments
                       – measured at FVTPL                              72    155,123        3,841      9,027      26,486      32,262      10,931     237,742
                       – measured at AC                             23,957          –        8,586     24,017      67,415     231,897     136,394     492,266
                       – measured at FVOCI                               –      1,344        1,954      7,975      78,800     178,393      62,035     330,501
                     Other financial assets                          1,087      6,469        2,704      4,130      18,961      31,492       2,570      67,413

                   Total financial assets                           36,820    371,372     229,360     241,699     872,437     966,145     547,687    3,265,520

                   Financial liabilities
                     Due to the central bank                             –           –     (56,189)    (16,486)    (48,167)          –          –     (120,842)
                     Deposits from banks and other financial
                       institutions                                      –     (49,499)    (21,690)    (85,237)   (202,738)     (3,026)         –     (362,190)
                     Placements from banks and other
                       financial institutions                            –           –     (12,594)    (15,587)    (57,829)     (2,871)         –      (88,881)
                     Financial liabilities at fair value through
                       profit or loss                                    –        (774)    (12,658)          –           –           –          –      (13,432)
                     Financial assets sold under repurchase
                       agreements                                        –          –      (57,288)     (2,631)     (2,247)          –          –    (62,166)
                     Customer deposits                                   –   (791,606)     (82,278)   (121,500)   (419,407)   (497,906)         – (1,912,697)
                     Debt securities issued                              –          –      (13,680)    (88,260)   (167,596)   (109,897)   (35,570) (415,003)
                     Lease liabilities                                   –          –          (86)       (144)       (536)     (2,256)      (619)    (3,641)
                     Other financial liabilities                         –     (9,223)        (734)       (400)       (810)          –          –    (11,167)

                   Total financial liabilities                           –   (851,102)    (257,197)   (330,245)   (899,330)   (615,956)   (36,189) (2,990,019)


                   Net amount                                       36,820   (479,730)     (27,837)    (88,546)    (26,893)   350,189     511,498     275,501
                                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2023      305




                                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                                              (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
3     Liquidity Risk (continued)
(1)   Analysis of contractual undiscounted cash flows of non derivative financial assets and financial
      liabilities (continued)
                                                                                            31 December 2022
                                                                                               After      After            After
                                                                       On                  1 month 3 months              1 year
                                                                demand/        Within     but within but within       but within       After
                                                      Overdue   indefinite   1 month      3 months       1 year         5 years     5 years        Total


      Financial assets
        Cash and balances with the central bank             –   185,625              –             –             –             –          –     185,625
        Deposits with banks and other financial
          institutions                                      –     28,962        5,774         3,014         5,826              –          –      43,576
        Placements with banks and other
          financial institutions                            –           –       1,115           862         7,820              –          –        9,797
        Financial assets purchased under resale
          agreements                                        –           –     15,791            98             –             –            –       15,889
        Loans and advances to customers                12,296           –    156,417       142,503       595,992       450,918      269,325    1,627,451
        Financial investments
          – measured at FVTPL                               –   131,509        1,247         6,417        25,166        31,065        3,868     199,272
          – measured at AC                             12,528         –       10,780        18,569       100,870       244,919       50,090     437,756
          – measured at FVOCI                               –     1,313        1,643         5,104        57,812       121,098       28,823     215,793
        Other financial assets                            843     4,541        2,361         3,342        16,227        26,369        1,756      55,439


      Total financial assets                           25,667   351,950      195,128       179,909       809,713       874,369      353,862    2,790,598


      Financial liabilities
        Due to the central bank                             –           –     (51,608)       (7,584)      (38,670)             –          –      (97,862)
        Deposits from banks and other financial
          institutions                                      –    (65,976)     (15,529)     (47,564)      (106,816)       (7,980)          –     (243,865)
        Placements from banks and other
          financial institutions                            –           –     (11,726)     (14,436)       (37,518)       (1,410)          –      (65,090)
        Financial liabilities at fair value through
          profit or loss                                    –         (55)           –             –             –             –          –          (55)
        Financial assets sold under repurchase
          agreements                                        –           –       (3,058)       (1,918)       (1,217)            –          –       (6,193)
        Customer deposits                                   –   (797,698)     (63,962)    (114,621)      (359,813)    (382,412)           – (1,718,506)
        Debt securities issued                              –           –     (16,823)      (59,132)     (174,214)      (67,593)    (15,720) (333,482)
        Lease liabilities                                   –           –         (123)         (102)         (547)       (2,298)      (686)      (3,756)
        Other financial liabilities                         –      (8,500)        (513)           (62)      (1,260)            –          –     (10,335)


      Total financial liabilities                           –   (872,229)    (163,342)    (245,419)      (720,055)    (461,693)     (16,406) (2,479,144)


      Net amount                                       25,667   (520,279)     31,786       (65,510)        89,658      412,676      337,456     311,454
306   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
      3            Liquidity Risk (continued)
      (2)          Analysis of cash flows of derivative financial instruments
                   The Group’s derivative financial instruments are either settled on a net basis or a gross basis.

                   The Group’s derivatives settled on a net basis mainly include interest rate derivatives. The table below
                   analyzes the contractual undiscounted cash flows of the Group’s derivative financial instruments settled
                   on a net basis by remaining contractual maturities from the balance sheet date to the contractual
                   maturity date.

                                                                            31 December 2023
                                                                   After        After      After
                                                               1 month     3 months       1 year
                                                     Within   but within   but within but within          After
                                                   1 month    3 months         1 year   5 years        5 years         Total


                   Cash inflow/
                     (outflow)                          78            8          23            (1)           –          108

                                                                            31 December 2022
                                                                   After        After       After
                                                               1 month     3 months       1 year
                                                     Within   but within   but within but within          After
                                                   1 month    3 months        1 year     5 years       5 years         Total


                   Cash outflow                       (801)        (174)         (39)         (19)           –        (1,033)
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2023      307




                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                               (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
3     Liquidity Risk (continued)
(2)   Analysis of cash flows of derivative financial instruments (continued)
      The Group’s derivative settled on a gross basis mainly include foreign exchange derivatives. The
      following table analyzes the contractual undiscounted cash flows of the Group’s derivative financial
      instruments settled on a gross basis by remaining contractual maturities from the balance sheet date to
      the contractual maturity date:

                                                        31 December 2023
                                              After         After      After
                                          1 month      3 months       1 year
                              Within     but within    but within but within                 After
                            1 month      3 months          1 year   5 years               5 years               Total


      Cash outflow          (117,249)      (60,250)     (134,051)        (9,249)               (94)        (320,893)
      Cash inflow            117,273        60,472       134,799          9,097                105          321,746


      Net inflow/
        (outflow)                 24           222           748          (152)                  11               853

                                                        31 December 2022
                                              After         After       After
                                          1 month      3 months       1 year
                              Within     but within    but within but within                 After
                            1 month      3 months         1 year     5 years              5 years               Total


      Cash outflow           (49,749)      (55,154)     (124,828)      (20,416)                   –        (250,147)
      Cash inflow             50,097        55,112       123,798        20,240                    –         249,247


      Net inflow/
        (outflow)                348            (42)       (1,030)         (176)                  –              (900)
308   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
      3            Liquidity Risk (continued)
      (3)          Liquidity risk analysis of off-balance sheet items
                   The Group’s off-balance sheet items include bank acceptances, letters of credit, letters of guarantee,
                   undrawn credit card limit, corporate loan commitments and finance lease commitments, receivables
                   confirmation and other financial guarantee contracts. The table below shows the liquidity analysis of the
                   Group’s off-balance sheet items:

                                                                             31 December 2023
                                                                  After         After      After
                                                               1 month     3 months       1 year
                                                     Within   but within   but within but within         After
                                                   1 month    3 months         1 year   5 years       5 years        Total


                   Bank acceptances issued          81,247     100,411      186,688            –            –     368,346
                   Letters of credit issued        161,183      22,429       44,762           86            –     228,460
                   Letters of guarantee issued       2,909       4,517       16,661       24,648           11      48,746
                   Undrawn credit card facility     18,424           –            –            –            –      18,424
                   Loan commitments and
                     finance lease
                     commitments                     3,007           15         215          491            –        3,728
                   Receivables confirmation
                     and other financial
                     guarantee contracts            14,378      30,821      101,398       10,220           80     156,897


                   Total                           281,148     158,193      349,724       35,445           91     824,601

                                                                            31 December 2022
                                                                   After        After      After
                                                               1 month     3 months      1 year
                                                     Within   but within   but within but within         After
                                                   1 month    3 months        1 year    5 years       5 years        Total


                   Bank acceptances issued          49,962      92,702      222,466            –            –     365,130
                   Letters of credit issued        129,206      14,371       42,038          206            –     185,821
                   Letters of guarantee issued       3,266       2,266       13,734       20,949          105      40,320
                   Undrawn credit card facility     13,674           –            –            –            –      13,674
                   Loan commitments and
                     finance lease
                     commitments                     2,685          659         293            –            –        3,637
                   Receivables confirmation
                     and other financial
                     guarantee contracts            11,964      22,576       70,561        9,403            –     114,504


                   Total                           210,757     132,574      349,092       30,558          105     723,086
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2023      309




                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


XIV   Capital Management
      The core of the Group’s capital management is capital adequacy ratio and return on capital. The
      objective of capital management is to meet external regulatory requirements and shareholders’ return,
      protect the interests of creditors to the best effort, stimulate expansion of assets and improve risk
      management.The Group prudently determines the objective of capital adequacy ratio which meets the
      regulatory requirements and coincides with its own risk exposure. By taking a variety of actions such as
      limit management, the Group ensures the realization of the management objectives.

      The Group’s business has maintained stable growth in recent years and the assets have become
      increasingly capital intensive. In order to ensure that the capital adequacy ratio meets the regulatory
      requirements and to maximize the returns to shareholders with the risks under control, the Group has
      actively expanded the capital replenishment channels from external sources, while continuing to improve
      the self-generating function in operations, so as to replenish capital from internal sources.

      Since 1 November 2023, the National Financial Regulatory Administration promulgated the Administrative
      Measures for Capital of Commercial Banks , which will be officially implemented on January 1, 2024. On
      the balance sheet date, the Group has calculated and disclosed capital adequacy ratio in accordance
      with the Administrative Measures on the Capital of Commercial Banks (Trial Implementation) issued by
      the former CBRC on 7 June 2012 and other relevant regulations.

      Core tier 1 capital includes paid-in capital, capital reserve, surplus reserve, statutory general reserve,
      retained earnings, and the portion of non-controlling shareholders’ capital that may be included in
      core tier 1 capital. Other tier 1 capital includes other tier 1 capital instruments and their premiums, and
      the portion of non-controlling shareholders’ capital that may be included in other tier 1 capital. Tier 2
      capital includes tier 2 capital instruments and their premium, and the portion of excessive allowance for
      loan losses that may be included, and the portion of non-controlling shareholders’ capital that may be
      included in tier 2 capital.

      The core tier 1 capital adequacy ratio, the tier 1 capital adequacy ratio, and the capital adequacy ratio
      calculated in accordance with the Administrative Measures for the Capital of Commercial Banks (Trial
      Implementation) and relevant requirements are listed as below:

                                                                              31 December             31 December
                                                                                     2023                    2022


      Net core tier 1 capital                                                        159,789                 135,925
      Net tier 1 capital                                                             185,102                 161,178
      Net capital                                                                    236,958                 195,871


      Risk-weighted assets                                                         1,943,402              1,689,148


      Core tier 1 capital adequacy ratio                                               8.22%                   8.05%
      Tier 1 capital adequacy ratio                                                    9.52%                   9.54%
      Capital adequacy ratio                                                          12.19%                  11.60%
310   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      XV           Fair Value of Financial Instruments
      1            Fair Values of Financial Assets and Liabilities
      (1)          Fair value hierarchy
                   The following table presents the fair value information and the fair value hierarchy of the Group’s assets
                   and liabilities which are measured at fair value at the balance sheet date on a recurring basis. The level
                   in which fair value measurement is categorized is determined by the level of the fair value hierarchy of
                   the lowest level input that is significant to the entire fair value measurement. The levels are defined as
                   follows:

                   Level 1 inputs: unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are observable at the measurement date
                   for identical assets or liabilities;

                   Level 2 inputs: inputs other than Level 1 inputs that are either directly or indirectly observable for
                   underlying assets or liabilities; and

                   Level 3 inputs: inputs that are unobservable for underlying assets or liabilities.

                   The tables below analyzes financial instruments, measured at fair value at the balance sheet date, by the
                   level in the fair value hierarchy into which the fair value measurement is categorized:

                                                                               31 December 2023
                                                              Level 1           Level 2        Level 3
                                                            fair value        fair value     fair value
                                                         measurement       measurement   measurement                  Total


                   Derivative financial assets                        –            21,953                    –      21,953
                   Loans and advances to
                     customers                                        –          329,744                17,924     347,668
                   Financial investments
                     – measured at FVTPL                        49,381           177,461                 6,299     233,141
                     – measured at FVOCI                             –           302,841                 1,344     304,185


                   Total assets measured at fair
                     value on a recurring basis                 49,381           831,999                25,567     906,947


                   Placements from banks and
                     other financial institutions                     –           (27,720)                   –     (27,720)
                   Financial liabilities at fair value
                     through profit or loss                       (413)           (13,019)                   –     (13,432)
                   Derivative financial liabilities                  –            (21,034)                   –     (21,034)


                   Total liabilities measured at fair
                     value on a recurring basis                   (413)           (61,773)                   –     (62,186)
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2023      311




                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                  (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


XV    Fair Value of Financial Instruments (continued)
1     Fair Values of Financial Assets and Liabilities (continued)
(1)   Fair value hierarchy (continued)
                                                                  31 December 2022
                                                   Level 1         Level 2        Level 3
                                                 fair value      fair value     fair value
                                              measurement     measurement   measurement                            Total


      Derivative financial assets                        –           14,179                      –               14,179
      Loans and advances to
        customers                                        –          283,192              40,080                323,272
      Financial investments
        – measured at FVTPL                         39,130          144,368                5,522               189,020
        – measured at FVOCI                              –          192,724                1,313               194,037


      Total assets measured at fair
        value on a recurring basis                  39,130          634,463              46,915                720,508


      Placements from banks and
        other financial institutions                     –          (12,300)                     –              (12,300)
      Financial liabilities at fair value
        through profit or loss                           –               (55)                    –                   (55)
      Derivative financial liabilities                   –          (14,462)                     –              (14,462)


      Total liabilities measured at fair
        value on a recurring basis                       –          (26,817)                     –              (26,817)


(2)   Level 1 fair value measurement
      For financial instruments with unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are observable for identical
      assets or liabilities, the Group takes the unadjusted quoted price as the best evidence of fair value when
      determining the fair value of financial instruments. So as to determine its fair value, and divide it into the
      first level measured by fair value. The financial instruments defined as level 1 by the Group mainly include
      open-end funds, open-end wealth management products and unrestricted equity investments in listed
      companies.
312   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      XV           Fair Value of Financial Instruments (continued)
      1            Fair Values of Financial Assets and Liabilities (continued)
      (3)          Level 2 fair value measurement
                   If the main parameters used in the valuation are observable and available from the active open market,
                   the relevant financial instruments are defined as level 2 fair value measurement. The Group’s level 2
                   financial instruments mainly include bond and ABS investments, term-ended funds, discounted bills,
                   trade finance, restricted equity investments in listed companies, lease-in of precious metals in account
                   caption of placements from banks and other financial institutions, interest rate derivatives, foreign
                   exchange derivatives, precious metal and other derivatives.

                   For the fair value of RMB bond and ABS investments, the Group adopts the valuation results issued
                   by China Central Depository & Clearing Co., Ltd. or China Securities Depository and Clearing Co., Ltd.
                   according to the bond market. For the fair value of foreign currency bonds, the Group adopts Bloomberg
                   results. For discounted bills and trade finance, the Group adopts discounted cash flow model for
                   valuation which based on SHIBOR and yield curves issued by Shanghai Commercial Paper Exchange
                   Co., and China Central Depository & Clearing Co., the Group constructs the interest rate curve by five-
                   category loan classification and product type. For restricted equity investments in listed companies,
                   liquidity discounts is considered based on the closing price.

                   For non-derivative financial instruments and some derivative financial instruments including forwards and
                   swaps of precious metal and foreign exchange and interest rate swaps, etc. that could not be quoted
                   from the active market, the Group adopts discounted cash flow analysis. The main parameters used
                   include the recent transaction price, relevant yield curve, exchange rate and counterparty risk. For the
                   valuation of option derivatives, the Group adopts Black-Scholes model with main parameters of relevant
                   yield curve, exchange rate, volatility, and counterparty risk.

                   The fair value of shares held by other parties rather than the Group and liabilities of consolidated
                   structured entities is measured based on the net asset values of the funds, determined with reference to
                   observable (quoted) prices of underlying investment portfolio and adjustments of related expenses.
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2023      313




                                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                     (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


XV    Fair Value of Financial Instruments (continued)
1     Fair Values of Financial Assets and Liabilities (continued)
(4)   Level 3 fair value measurement
      The Group has developed relevant procedures to determine the appropriate valuation techniques and
      inputs for level 3 fair value measurement on a recurring basis, and regularly reviews the appropriateness
      of the relevant procedures and determination of the fair value. Quantitative information of level 3 fair value
      measurement is as follows:

                                                         Fair value at
                                                        31 December      Valuation                  Unobservable
                                                                 2023    technique                  inputs


      Financial investments measured at FVTPL
        – Trust schemes and asset management                      533    Discounted cash            Risk-adjusted
            plans                                                          flow method                discount rate
        – Trust schemes and asset management                    2,756    Net assets analysis        Net assets,
            plans                                                                                     Liquidity discount
        – Bonds and assets-backed securities                    1,701    Discounted cash            Risk-adjusted
                                                                           flow method                discount rate
        – Equity investments                                    1,138    Net assets analysis        Net assets
        – Equity investments                                      171    Market multiplier          Liquidity discount
                                                                           method
      Financial investments measured at FVOCI
        – Equity investments                                    1,344    Net assets analysis        Net assets,
                                                                                                      Liquidity discount
      Loans and advances to customers                          17,924    Discounted cash            Risk-adjusted
                                                                           flow method                discount rate

                                                         Fair value at
                                                        31 December      Valuation                  Unobservable
                                                                 2022    technique                  inputs


      Financial investments measured at FVTPL
        – Trust schemes and asset management                      714    Discounted cash flow       Risk-adjusted
            plans                                                          method                     discount rate
        – Trust schemes and asset management                      355    Net assets analysis        Net assets,
            plans                                                                                     Liquidity discount
        – Bonds and assets-backed securities                    2,015    Discounted cash flow       Risk-adjusted
                                                                           method                     discount rate
        – Equity investments                                    2,111    Net assets analysis        Net assets
        – Equity investments                                      327    Market multiplier          Liquidity discount
                                                                           method
      Financial investments measured at FVOCI
        – Equity investments                                    1,313    Net assets analysis        Net assets,
                                                                                                      Liquidity discount
      Loans and advances to customers                          40,080    Discounted cash flow       Risk-adjusted
                                                                           method                     discount rate
314   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      XV           Fair Value of Financial Instruments (continued)
      1            Fair Values of Financial Assets and Liabilities (continued)
      (4)          Level 3 fair value measurement (continued)
                   At the balance sheet date, replacing the original unobservable assumptions with other reasonable
                   unobservable assumptions has no significant impact on the measurement results of fair value. The above
                   assumptions and methods provide a unified basis for the calculation of the fair value of the Group’s
                   assets and liabilities. However, due to the different methods and assumptions that may be used by other
                   institutions, the fair values disclosed by different financial institutions may not be completely comparable.

                   Reconciliation of the opening and closing balance for financial assets of level 3 fair value on a recurring
                   basis is as follows:

                                                                       Financial       Financial
                                                                    investments     investments     Loans and
                                                                    measured at     measured at    advances to
                                                                          FVTPL           FVOCI     customers            Total

                   At 1 January 2023                                      5,522           1,313         40,080          46,915
                   Total gains recognized in profit or loss                (550)              6          1,649           1,105
                   Total gains recognized in other
                     comprehensive income                                      –             31         (1,143)         (1,112)
                   Increase                                                2,686              –              –           2,686
                   Disposals and settlements                              (1,359)            (6)       (22,662)        (24,027)

                   At 31 December 2023                                    6,299           1,344         17,924          25,567

                   Total unrealized gains or losses for the
                     period included in profit or loss for assets
                     held at the end of the reporting period               (576)               –            11            (565)

                                                                       Financial       Financial
                                                                    investments     investments     Loans and
                                                                    measured at     measured at    advances to
                                                                         FVTPL            FVOCI     customers            Total

                   At 1 January 2022                                      5,637           1,262              –           6,899
                   Total gains recognized in profit or loss                  76               8          1,048           1,132
                   Total gains recognized in other
                     comprehensive income                                      –             51          1,893           1,944
                   Increase                                                  425              –         41,065          41,490
                   Disposals and settlements                                (616)            (8)        (3,926)         (4,550)

                   At 31 December 2022                                    5,522           1,313         40,080          46,915

                   Total unrealized gains or losses for the
                     period included in profit or loss for assets
                     held at the end of the reporting period                 51                –          (344)           (293)
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2023      315




                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                               (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


XV   Fair Value of Financial Instruments (continued)
2    Transfers Between Items Measured at Different Levels of Fair Value
     During the reporting period, there were no transfers, between Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3, of the
     Group’s above assets and liabilities which are measured at fair value.

3    Change in Valuation Techniques and the Rationale
     During the reporting period, there were no changes in the valuation techniques adopted by the Group for
     fair value measurement.

4    Financial Assets and Liabilities not Measured at Fair Value
     All financial instruments of the Group are carried at amounts not materially different from their fair value
     at the balance sheet date except as follows:

                                                                 31 December 2023
                                                                                                           Carrying
                                            Level 1        Level 2        Level 3     Fair Value            amount


     Financial assets
       Financial investments
         measured at AC                            –      372,022         93,839         465,861            463,311


     Financial liabilities
       Debt securities issued                      –      396,796               –        396,796            395,938

                                                                  31 December 2022
                                                                                                            Carrying
                                             Level 1       Level 2        Level 3      Fair Value            amount


     Financial assets
       Financial investments
         measured at AC                            –      261,790        106,425         368,215            368,792


     Financial liabilities
       Debt securities issued                      –      324,221               –        324,221            323,033

     For the above financial assets and liabilities not measured at fair value, the Group used the following
     methods to determine their fair value:

     The fair value of financial investments measured at AC and debt securities issued are quoted in the
     valuation system of relevant registration and settlement institutions that employs observable inputs
     that reflect the market in the formation of quotations. For those quotations not available in relevant
     institutions, the fair value shall be estimated by discounted cash flow method.
316   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      XVI          Subsequent Events
      1            Issuance of Small and Micro Businesses Financial Bonds
                   On 15 March 2024, the Bank issued small and micro business financial bond in National Interbank Bond
                   Market amounting to RMB20 billion.

      2            Profit Distribution
                   On 28 March 2024, the Board of Directors of the Bank deliberated and approved the 2023 Ordinary
                   Share Dividend Distribution Plan, which will distribute cash dividends to the shareholders of A shares and
                   H shares registered on the share registration date, with a cash dividends of RMB1.64 (including tax) for
                   every 10 shares, and a total of RMB4,504 million. The plan is yet to be reviewed and approved by the
                   Bank’s shareholders’ meeting.

      XVII Comparative Figures
                   For the purpose of the presentation of these financial statements, the Group reclassified certain
                   comparative figures.

      XVIII Statements of Financial Position of the Bank
                                                                                           31 December       31 December
                                                                               Note               2023              2022


                   ASSETS
                   Cash and balances with the central bank                                       164,723           185,625
                   Precious metals                                                                 9,756            13,860
                   Deposits with banks and other financial institutions                           68,426            41,343
                   Placements with banks and other financial institutions                         11,576            12,583
                   Derivative financial assets                                                    21,953            14,179
                   Financial assets purchased under resale agreements                             74,631            15,886
                   Loans and advances to customers                                             1,673,272         1,486,291
                   Financial investments
                      – Financial assets measured at fair value through
                           profit or loss                                                        256,926           187,929
                      – Financial assets measured at amortised cost                              391,600           368,792
                      – Financial assets measured at fair value through
                           other comprehensive income                                            304,185           194,037
                   Investment in subsidiary                                   VI.19                2,040             2,040
                   Fixed assets                                                                   18,572            15,997
                   Right-of-use assets                                                             4,903             5,016
                   Intangible assets                                                                 601               578
                   Deferred tax assets                                                            20,631            20,423
                   Other assets                                                                    9,592             7,968


                   TOTAL ASSETS                                                                3,033,387         2,572,547
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2023      317




                                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


XVIII Statements of Financial Position of the Bank (continued)
                                                                               31 December            31 December
                                                                                      2023                   2022


      LIABILITIES
      Due to the central bank                                                        119,915                 97,170
      Deposits from banks and other financial institutions                           359,087                241,928
      Placements from banks and other financial institutions                          38,793                 28,105
      Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss                         120                     55
      Derivative financial liabilities                                                21,034                 14,462
      Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements                               27,782                  6,066
      Customer deposits                                                            1,868,659              1,681,443
      Employee benefits payable                                                        5,861                  5,683
      Taxes payable                                                                    2,774                  3,919
      Provisions                                                                       1,523                  1,838
      Debt securities issued                                                         392,994                320,090
      Lease liabilities                                                                3,257                  3,318
      Other liabilities                                                                6,765                  6,616


      TOTAL LIABILITIES                                                            2,848,564              2,410,693


      EQUITY
      Share capital                                                                    27,464                  21,269
      Other equity instruments                                                         24,995                  24,995
        – Perpetual bonds                                                              24,995                  24,995
      Capital reserve                                                                  38,570                  32,289
      Other comprehensive income                                                        3,406                   2,191
      Surplus reserve                                                                  12,546                  11,075
      Statutory general reserve                                                        29,315                  26,068
      Retained earnings                                                                48,527                  43,967


      TOTAL EQUITY                                                                   184,823                 161,854


      TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY                                                 3,033,387              2,572,547

      The financial statements were approved by the board of directors on 28 March 2024:

                 Lu Jianqiang                       Zhang Rongsen                       Peng Zhiyuan
                  Chairman                    President, Principal in-charge            Director of the
                                                       of Finance                    Financial Department
318   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Unaudited Supplementary Financial Information
      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      1            Illustration of Differences between the Financial Statements
                   Prepared Under IFRSs and Those Prepared in accordance with PRC
                   GAAP
                   There are no differences between the profit attributable to equity holders of the Bank under IFRSs
                   and PRC GAAP for the year ended 31 December 2023 (for the year ended 31 December 2022: no
                   differences). There are no differences between the equity attributable to equity holders of the Bank under
                   IFRSs and PRC GAAP at 31 December 2023 (31 December 2022: no differences).

      2            Liquidity Coverage Ratio
                                                                                              31 December         31 December
                                                                                                     2023                2022


                   Liquidity Coverage Ratio                                                        166.61%             148.11%

                   The liquidity coverage ratio is calculated in accordance with the relevant requirements of the National
                   Financial Regulatory Administration.

      3            International Claims
                   The Group is principally engaged in business operations within Chinese Mainland. International claims are
                   local claims in foreign currencies and cross-border claims.

                   International claims include balances with the central bank, due from banks and other financial
                   institutions, loans and advances to customers, financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, financial
                   assets measured at amortised cost and financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive
                   income.
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2023      319




                                Unaudited Supplementary Financial Information

                                                                                 (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


3   International Claims (continued)
    International claims are disclosed based on different countries or regions. A country or region is reported
    where it constitutes 10% or more of the aggregate amount of international claims, after taking into
    account any risk transfers. Risk transfer is only made if the claims are guaranteed by a party in a country
    which is different from that of the counterparty or if the claims are on an overseas branch of a bank
    whose head office is located in another country.

                                                                     Official   Non-bank
    At 31 December 2023                                Bank          sector private sector                        Total


    Local claims in foreign currencies                 4,187           7,222               68,558               79,967
    Asia Pacific excluding Chinese Mainland            5,330           1,259               27,111               33,700
      – of which attributed to Hong Kong               5,079           1,259               25,939               32,277
    Europe                                             5,740           1,695                  641                8,076
    North America                                      3,067          11,177               17,632               31,876
    Oceania                                              131               –                    –                  131


    Total                                             18,455          21,353             113,942              153,750

                                                                      Official        Non-bank
    At 31 December 2022                                 Bank          sector      private sector                  Total


    Local claims in foreign currencies                 2,724           6,429               44,243               53,396
    Asia Pacific excluding Chinese Mainland            4,387           1,342               44,193               49,922
      – of which attributed to Hong Kong               3,722           1,342               43,315               48,379
    Europe                                             2,398               –                2,271                4,669
    North America                                      3,862           7,971                   41               11,874
    Oceania                                              149               –                    –                  149


    Total                                             13,520          15,742               90,748             120,010
320   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Unaudited Supplementary Financial Information

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      4            Currency Concentrations
                                                                                 RMB Equivalent
                                                                    USD           HKD         Others             Total


                   At 31 December 2023
                   Spot assets                                   102,999         12,565          14,796        130,360
                   Spot liabilities                             (103,696)        (3,082)        (14,608)      (121,386)
                   Forward purchases                             387,567          2,132          30,537        420,236
                   Forward sales                                (402,567)          (711)        (34,147)      (437,425)
                   Net options position                           (5,353)             –            (330)        (5,683)


                   Net (short)/long position                     (21,050)        10,904          (3,752)       (13,898)

                                                                                 RMB Equivalent
                                                                     USD          HKD          Others             Total


                   At 31 December 2022
                   Spot assets                                   103,024         12,459          10,182        125,665
                   Spot liabilities                               (81,361)       (3,679)          (9,046)       (94,086)
                   Forward purchases                             342,556          1,866          36,402        380,824
                   Forward sales                                (337,073)        (9,976)        (29,966)      (377,015)
                   Net options position                             (3,986)      (8,039)          (1,164)       (13,189)


                   Net long/(short) position                      23,160          (7,369)         6,408         22,199


      5            Non-bank Chinese Mainland Exposure
                   The Bank is a commercial bank incorporated in Chinese Mainland with its banking business conducted in
                   Chinese Mainland. At 31 December 2023, the Group’s non-bank exposures are substantially arising from
                   businesses with Chinese Mainland corporates and individuals.
