(A joint-stock company incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)
A Share Stock Code : 601916
H Share Stock Code : 2016




                                                                                            HU
                                                                                                 MAN                    NK
                                                                                                       IS TIC C Z B A




                                                              FI                        D
                                                                   NA
                                                                        NCE FO R G OO




     IN                        N
        EL                IO
                              AT
      T
             LIG
                   ENT OPER




                                                                          Annual Report                                 2024
Important Notice
The Board of Directors, the supervisory committee, Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management of the Company
warrant that the contents in this report are true, accurate and complete and have no false representations,
misleading statements or material omissions, and they will take legal responsibilities for such contents on a joint
and several basis.

The fourth meeting of the seventh session of the Board of the Company held on March 28, 2025, approved the
Annual Report of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2024 and its Summary. The Company has 12 directors,
among whom 11 directors attended the meeting in person, and Ren Zhixiang (Director) appointed Ying Yuxiang
(Director) as a proxy to attend the meeting on his behalf, which was in compliance with the requirements of the
Company Law of the People’s Republic of China and the Articles of Association of the Company, and 9 Supervisors
of the Company attended the meeting.

KPMG Huazhen LLP and KPMG (both being auditors of the Company) have audited the 2024 annual financial
report of the Company prepared in accordance with the China Accounting Standards and the International Financial
Reporting Accounting Standards, and have issued standard unqualified audited reports, respectively.

Unless otherwise illustrated in this report, the currency for any amount herein is RMB. Certain amounts and
percentage numbers in this report have been rounded. Any discrepancies in any table between totals and sums of
the amounts listed are due to rounding.

The Board of the Company has proposed to declare a cash dividend of RMB1.56 per 10 shares (tax inclusive) for
2024, payable in RMB to holders of A Shares and in HK dollars to holders of H Shares. The above proposal on
dividend distribution is subject to consideration and approval at the 2024 annual general meeting of the Company.

Lu Jianqiang (陸建強), Chairman of the Board of the Company and Hou Bo (侯波), Principal in charge of Finance
and Director of the Financial Department warrant that the financial report in the annual report is true, accurate and
complete.

Significant Risk Warning
Please refer to the section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis – Risk Management” of this report for
information about major risks faced and measures to be taken by the Company.

The forward-looking statements about matters like future plans of the Company in this report do not constitute
substantive commitments of the Company to the investors, and the investors and related persons shall maintain
sufficient risk awareness in this regard, and shall understand the difference among plans, forecasts and
commitments.
Contents

003   Definitions                                          164   Independent Auditor’s Report
004   Chairman’s Statement                                 174   Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
007   President’s Statement                                          Other Comprehensive Income
010   Company Profile                                      176   Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
012   Corporate Overview                                   178   Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
013   Development Strategies and Core Competitiveness      179   Consolidated Cash Flow Statement
020   Honors and Awards                                    181   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement
022   Financial Summary                                    322   Unaudited Supplementary Financial Information
026   Management Discussion and Analysis
081   Corporate Governance
108   Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders
121   Information on Directors, Supervisors,
           Senior Management, Employees and Institutions
146   Directors’ Report
161   Report of the Supervisory Committee
162   Significant Events
                                                                                      Annual Report 2024   003




                                                                                   Definitions


“Company”, “Bank”, “our Bank”,         China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.
  “China Zheshang Bank” or “CZBank”:

“Former CBIRC”:                        the Former China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission

“CSRC”:                                China Securities Regulatory Commission

“Hong Kong Stock Exchange”:            The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

“SFO”:                                 Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of
                                       Hong Kong)

“Hong Kong Listing Rules”:             The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock
                                       Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

“Model Code”:                          The Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of
                                       Listed Issuers, as set out in Appendix C3 to Hong Kong Listing
                                       Rules

“Zheyin Financial Leasing”:            Zhejiang Zheyin Financial Leasing Co., Ltd., a holding subsidiary
                                       of the Company, in which the Company holds 51% of equity
                                       interest

“CZB Wealth Management”:               CZB Wealth Management Co. Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary of
                                       the Company

“Group”:                               the Company and its subsidiary
004    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Chairman’s Statement


      In 2024, the 75th anniversary of the founding of the New China and a critical year for achieving the goals and tasks
      of the “14th Five-Year Plan”, the 20th CPC Central Committee successfully convened its third plenary session,
      and China’s economy picked up with continuous high-quality development. 2024, also the 20th anniversary of
      the founding of CZBank, was a year of progress and determination, as the whole bank united to work hard and
      forge ahead through wind and rain under the guidance of the vision of being “a first-class commercial bank” and
      achieved remarkable performance. The Group’s total assets stood at a new level of RMB3.3 trillion; revenue growth
      continued to lead the industry; non-interest income increased significantly; net profit continued to maintain positive
      growth; and asset quality improved steadily, enable it to embark on a new journey of high-quality development in
      all respects.

      Stay focused and move forward. In 2024, the directions for development became clearer and more
      steadfast. With the vision of being a “first-class commercial bank”, we promoted the concept of finance for
      good, constantly deepened the five-word ecology, vigorously promoted the “Six Dos” spirit and systematically
      practiced the three-word primer of “goodness, intelligence and diligence”, deepened the implementation of the
      four strategic focuses, took digitization as the main line and scenario as the core, strengthened implementation
      and consolidation, and made every effort to strengthen our foundation, management and characteristics. In
      response to the three major changes in financial positioning, digital era and high-quality development, we always
      took finance for good as the “golden signboard” to practice the political and people-oriented nature of finance and
      create first-class social influence with positive behavior, intelligent operation as the “management magic weapon”
      to enhance the competitiveness with our own characteristics, promote high-quality development and improve first-
      class specialized and focused industrial competitiveness, and humanistic CZBank as the “spiritual core” to practice
      financial culture with Chinese characteristics and create first-class corporate cohesion featuring co-growth and co-
      prosperity.

      Strengthen role and responsibility. In 2024, finance for good shined more gloriously. We continued to
      deepen the innovation of finance for good, prioritized its function and embedded the gene of “good” into the
      financial service scenarios to explore the new paradigm of finance with Chinese characteristics, thus forming
      the theory and practice exploration supported by the “six pillars”. Over the past six years since the launch of the
      financial consulting system, CZBank and 125 member units of the Financial Service Committee of the General
      Association of Zhejiang Entrepreneurs have set up 235 financial consulting workshops with a team of more than
      4,200 financial consultants, which have been promoted in 16 provinces and municipalities across the country,
      which becomes a well-known business card of Zhejiang’s financial supply-side reform. After two years of practice,
      the intra-county comprehensive financial ecological construction has formed the replicable and extensible “3386
      model”, which has been widely promoted in many counties of the country and regions of Hangzhou as a key
      access to the government to serve the local community. The effectiveness of the credit assessment system CSGS
      has also gradually appeared, enabling more resources to be invested in enterprises with high social responsibility
      and reshaping customer development mode from the perspective of social value. Besides, our charitable trust
      project has been launched in full swing, aiming to create an effective path for entrepreneurs to realize social
      value and wealth growth, and do our bit to the construction of a high-quality demonstration zone for common
      prosperity.
                              Annual Report 2024   005




                   Chairman’s Statement




Mr. Lu Jianqiang
Chairman
006    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Chairman’s Statement


      Work hard together. In 2024, the development results were more fruitful. By strengthening the leadership
      of the Party, improving political position, maintaining strategic focus and systematically promoting the intelligent
      operation strategy system, we delivered exceptional results. Asset quality continued to be optimized, with non-
      performing loan ratio falling for three consecutive years. The foundation of customer base has been continuously
      strengthened and the ability of intelligent operation has been steadily improved. Based in Zhejiang and serving
      Zhejiang merchants, we provided financing services of over RMB1 trillion for the province, and have been awarded
      the first prize for supporting the economic and social development of Zhejiang for 9 consecutive years, the “Most
      Satisfactory Bank for Private Enterprises” in Zhejiang Province for 5 consecutive years, and the first-class bank in
      the small and microfinance service regulation and supervision evaluation for 4 consecutive years. We successfully
      completed the three-year action target of “deepening Zhejiang development”, and built the “Zheyin Model” (浙銀示
      範) of being courageous to be a pioneer to start a new chapter.

      Determined to reform and innovate. In 2024, the momentum and vitality became stronger. We launched a
      customer-oriented, comprehensive and coordinated reform in all aspects by always putting customer needs in
      the first place, aiming to develop intelligent digital systems, agile organizational structure, precise assessment
      and evaluation, comprehensive customer managers and scenario-based comprehensive services, and promote
      the high-quality development of the whole bank with the “No. 1 Reform Project”. With digitalization as the main
      line and focusing on the “five finances” (五篇大文章), we deepened the exploration and practice of chain finance,
      comprehensively carried out a series of activities under the programme “Year of Enhancing the Social Value of
      Finance”, and have developed a series of influential brands such as Supply Chain Finance (供應鏈金融), Park
      Comprehensive Finance (園區綜合金融), Talent Technology Innovation Finance (人才科創金融), Good Finance
      Assets Pool (善融資產池), Digital Easy Loan (數易貸), and Zheshang Trading Treasure (浙商交易寶).

      Pursue stable progress and organic growth. In 2024, the foundation for development was more solid. As we
      continued to optimize business structure and strengthen asset and liability base, the proportion of each intelligent
      revenue, revenue from less sensitive assets, and non-interest income was improved continuously. Our adherence
      to a “prudent and moderate” risk appetite and the “small and diversified” credit-granting principle, along with our
      efforts to prevent, control and resolve risks in key areas, led to continuous decreases in non-performing loan ratio.
      Our efforts to strength comprehensive internal management and strict approach in improving financial disciplines,
      establishing closed and clean bank-enterprise ties and strengthening integrity management contributed to the
      continuous improvement in the Bank’s ability to operate in a compliant manner. Besides, as we have implemented
      the “123 Talent plan” (123 人才計劃), actively promoted the construction of “Literary CZBank” (書香浙銀), and
      endeavored to build the two key brands, namely “the advocate and practitioner of happy life” and “a bank favored
      by young people” with a view to creating a positive and active organizational ecosystem and working atmosphere,
      the sense of belonging, happiness and contentment of our employees were constantly boosted.

      Though twenty years have passed by, we remain true to our original aspiration and dreams. Standing on the
      new starting point of the 20th anniversary, CZBank will closely follow the development direction of “three first-
      class”, take finance for good, intelligent operation and humanistic CZBank as the guidelines, firmly establish the
      development concept of compliant operation, further push forward the customer-oriented, comprehensive and
      coordinated reform, and launch a new round of three-year action plan of “deepening Zhejiang development” to
      embark on a new journey to high-quality development with full confidence, and make more contribution to the
      construction of a strong financial power at both national and provincial levels and to the writing of a new chapter of
      Chinese-style modernized Zhejiang.
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024    007




                                                                              President’s Statement


Twenty years marks a long and steadfast journey. In 2024, as CZBank celebrated its 20th anniversary, we
continued to strive with unwavering dedication, championing the concept of financial services for good and
advancing intelligent operation. We remain firmly committed to our four strategic priorities including “deepening the
development in Zhejiang, synergetic development of segments, digital transformation and wealth management”.
By comprehensively advancing customer-centric comprehensive and coordinated reform, we have achieved
outstanding industry-leading results ahead of all the joint-stock banks. The Group’s total assets stood firm at a new
height of RMB3.3 trillion, with revenue growth ranking among the top tier of national joint-stock banks for three
consecutive years and net profit sustaining positive growth. As at the end of 2024, the Bank’s non-performing loan
ratio was 1.38%, and allowance to non-performing loans was 178.67%, reflecting the asset quality continued to
maintain a stabilizing and improving trend.

Deepen the intelligent operation strategy, pursue long-term value, and build resilience through cycles.
Confronting challenges such as persistent net interest margin compression and the dual pressures faced by
joint-stock banks, we introduced the concept of intelligent operation at a strategic level. In 2024, we pivoted
from an asset-driven to a liability-driven business model, achieving a fourth consecutive annual decline in the
interest payment rate of deposits, basically in line with the average level of joint-stock banks. We restructured our
asset structure from high-risk, high-return to low-risk, balanced-return investments, maintaining robust revenue
growth while reducing the non-performing loan ratio for three consecutive years. Shifting focus of the Bank’s
operation from product profitability to customer value, we aligned asset structure optimization with customer base
enhancement, driving dual growth in both customer numbers and business scale. Prioritizing “risk mitigation” as
our foremost campaign, we disposed of non-performing assets at a historic high. We adopted a prudent risk-return
balance strategy, tightened end-to-end credit extension management, and rigorously controlled industry and
customer concentration risks. In the new year, we will accelerate customer-centric comprehensive and coordinated
reform, focusing on projects of expanding intermediate income, strengthening weakly sensitive assets, optimizing
liability structure and enhancing digital revenue so as to enhance sustainable revenue growth. Meanwhile, we will
deepen the implementation of the goodwill credit project, establish a credit extension risk management system with
multi-dimensional evaluation, accompanying service and dynamic risk control, and continue to realize stable and
improving asset quality.

Adhere to the strategy of deepening the development in Zhejiang, strengthen the mission-driven
responsibility and serve the overall interest of Zhejiang. In order to deeply practice the political and
people-centric nature of financial work, we championed the innovation of financial services for good in both theory
and practice, integrating the “deepening the development in Zhejiang” initiative with financial services for good to
foster mutual advancement between local governments and the financial sector. In 2024, we dedicated ourselves
to supporting the overall situation of Zhejiang, providing total financing services for the province of over RMB1
trillion for the first time. With our Bank ranking first among all banks participating in underwriting of Zhejiang local
government bonds, we have been awarded the first prize for supporting the economic and social development of
Zhejiang for 9 consecutive years and the “Most Satisfactory Bank for Private Enterprises” in Zhejiang Province for 5
consecutive years. Relying on the financial advisor system, we supported the construction of a demonstration zone
for common prosperity and implemented financing exceeding RMB1 trillion for more than 100,000 enterprises. We
innovated the county’s comprehensive financial ecosystem establishment, replicating and promoting the “Linping
Model” across all cities in Zhejiang. Our full implementation of the charitable trust project established pathways to
realize common prosperity driven by prosperity pioneers. In the new year, we will focus on “Zhejiang-centricity”,
“pioneering advancement”, and “distinctive uniqueness” to launch a new three-year “deepening the development
in Zhejiang” campaign. This effort will comprehensively support Zhejiang’s major projects and the construction of a
demonstration zone for common prosperity.
008     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      President’s Statement




      Mr. Chen Haiqiang
      President (acting)
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024    009




                                                                                   President’s Statement


Strengthen Party and Bank governance with integrity and strictness to create a clean and positive
environment. In recent years, strengthening the comprehensive leadership of the Party has always been our top
priority. We make constant efforts to deepen the five-word ecosystem, namely “integrity, simplicity, professionalism,
cooperation and honesty”, and integrate integrity and strictness into our systems and culture. We always follow
the requirements of high-level safety, focus on system improvement and process optimization, further strengthen
our operations compliance awareness and continuously improve our regulatory compliance image. In the new
year, under the guidance of a humanistic CZBank, we will implement the eight rules of the Central Government as
a code of conduct for our work practices and comprehensively establish an orderly, standardized, lean and digital
and intelligent management system.

When the tide of the global economy surges in uncertainty, we choose to adhere to long-termism, continuously
calibrate the compass for people’s livelihood, and focus on forging the base to withstand the storms of the times.
With a deepened understanding of the requirements for the construction of a “first-class commercial bank”, in
2025, we will take finance for good, intelligent operation and humanistic CZBank as the guidelines, take the
comprehensive and coordinated reform as the tractive force, always put risk control and operations compliance at
the first place, take the provision of high-quality and high-efficiency financial services to the society as criterions,
and do difficult but right things with the determination of a long-term advocate, so as to embark on a new journey
of high-quality development.
010        China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Company Profile


      1.        Company name in Chinese:                    浙商銀行股份有限公司(Abbreviation in Chinese: 浙商銀行)
                Company name in English:                    CHINA ZHESHANG BANK CO., LTD.
                                                             (Abbreviation in English: CZBANK)

      2.        Legal Representative:                       Lu Jianqiang

      3.        Registered address:                         No. 1788, Hongning Road, Xiaoshan District, Hangzhou,
                                                               Zhejiang Province, the PRC
                Postcode:                                   311200
                Principal office address:                   No. 1 Minxin Road, Shangcheng District, Hangzhou,
                                                               Zhejiang Province, the PRC
                Postcode:                                   310020
                E-mail:                                     ir@ czbank.com
                Website:                                    www.czbank.com
                Customer service hotline:                   95527
                Tel for investor relations management:      86-571-88268966
                Fax:                                        86-571-87659826

      4.        Principal place of business in Hong Kong:   15/F, Three Exchange Square, No. 8 Connaught Place,
                                                              Central, Hong Kong, the PRC

      5.        Authorized representatives:                 Lu Jianqiang, Luo Feng

      6.        Secretary to the Board:                     Luo Feng
                Joint Company Secretaries:                  Luo Feng, Chan Yin Wah
                Representative of securities affairs:       Xia Jing

      7.        A Shares
                Stock exchange where the securities         Shanghai Stock Exchange
                  are listed:
                Stock abbreviation:                         CZBANK
                Stock code:                                 601916

                H Shares
                Stock exchange where the securities         Hong Kong Stock Exchange
                  are listed:
                Stock abbreviation:                         CZBANK
                Stock code:                                 2016
                                                                                            Annual Report 2024   011




                                                                                   Company Profile


8.    Share registrar:
      A Shares:                                    China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation
                                                    Limited Shanghai Branch
                                                   No. 188 South Yanggao Road, Pudong New Area,
                                                    Shanghai, the PRC

      H Shares:                                    Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
                                                   Shops 1712-1716, 17/F, Hopewell Center, 183 Queen’s
                                                     Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong, the PRC

9.    Legal advisers:
      As to Mainland China Laws:                   Zhejiang T&C Law Firm
      As to Hong Kong Laws:                        Freshfields

10.   Accounting firms engaged by the Company:
      Domestic auditor:                        KPMG Huazhen LLP
                                               Office address: 8/F, Tower E2, Oriental Plaza, 1 East
                                                 Chang’an Avenue, Dongcheng District, Beijing, PRC
                                               Signing certificated accountants: Chen Sijie, Jin Rui

      International auditor:                       KPMG
                                                   Office address: 8/F, Prince’s Building, 10 Chater Road,
                                                     Central, Hong Kong, the PRC

11.   Sponsor institution performing continuous
       supervision and guidance duties during
       the reporting period:
      Name of the institution:                     CITIC Securities Company Limited
                                                   Office address: North Tower, Excellence Times Plaza II,
                                                     No. 8 Zhong Xin San Road, Futian District, Shenzhen,
                                                     Guangdong Province, the PRC
                                                   Name of the undersigned sponsor representatives: Cheng
                                                     Yue, Jiang Ying
                                                   The period of continuous supervision and guidance: July 6,
                                                     2023 to December 31, 2024

12.   Newspapers and websites designated
       for information disclosure:
      Mainland China:                              China Securities Journal, Shanghai Securities News,
                                                     Securities Times and Securities Daily
                                                   Website of the Shanghai Stock Exchange
                                                     (www.sse.com.cn)
                                                   Website of the Company
                                                     (www.czbank.com)
      Hong Kong:                                   Website of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
                                                     (www.hkex.com.hk)
                                                   Website of the Company (www.czbank.com)
      Place for inspection of the annual report:   Office of the Board of the Company
                                                   (No. 1 Minxin Road, Shangcheng District,
                                                     Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province, the PRC)

13.   Other information about the Company:         Uniform social credit code: 91330000761336668H
                                                   Financial institution license serial number:
                                                     B0010H133010001
                                                   Registration date: July 26, 2004
012    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Corporate Overview


      As one of the twelve nationwide joint-stock commercial banks, CZBank officially commenced business on
      August 18, 2004, with its head office in Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province. CZBank is the 13th “A+H” listed bank in
      China. Since its opening, CZBank has always gained a toehold in Zhejiang and steadily developed its businesses
      worldwide, and has developed into a high-quality commercial bank with a solid foundation, strong profitability and
      prudent risk control.

      Under the guidance of the vision of being “a first-class commercial bank”, CZBank comprehensively establishes a
      five-word ecosystem, namely “integrity, simplicity, professionalism, cooperation and honesty”, practices financial
      services for good, sticks to intelligent operation, develops humanistic CZBank and conducts a customer-oriented,
      comprehensive and coordinated reform in all aspects, while taking digitalization as the main line and “deepening
      the development in Zhejiang” as its strategic priority, aiming to drive the development of the five major business
      segments, namely great retail, great corporate, great investment banking, great asset management and great
      cross-border, in a balanced and coordinated manner, and realize brand-new wealth management. CZBank has also
      implemented the four major consolidations, namely, “customer foundation, talent foundation, system foundation
      and investment and research foundation”, embarking on a new journey of high-quality development.

      In 2024, CZBank’s operating income was RMB67.702 billion, representing an increase of 6.18% over last year;
      net profit attributable to shareholders of the Bank was RMB15.186 billion, representing an increase of 0.92% over
      last year. As at the end of the reporting period, the total assets were RMB3.33 trillion, representing an increase of
      5.78% compared with that at the end of last year, of which total loans and advances to customers were RMB1.86
      trillion, representing an increase of 8.21% compared with that at the end of last year; the total liabilities were
      RMB3.12 trillion, representing an increase of 5.70% compared with that at the end of last year, of which balance of
      customer deposits were RMB1.92 trillion, representing an increase of 2.87% compared with that at the end of last
      year; the non-performing loan ratio was 1.38% and allowance to non-performing loans was 178.67%; the capital
      adequacy ratio was 12.61%, the tier-one capital adequacy ratio was 9.61%, and the core tier-one capital adequacy
      ratio was 8.38%, all maintaining at a reasonable level.

      CZBank has established 362 branch outlets in 22 provinces (autonomous regions or municipalities directly under
      the Central Government) and the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, effectively covering Zhejiang, where its
      headquarters are located, the Yangtze River Delta, Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area, Bohai Rim,
      Economic Zone on the Western Coast of the Taiwan Straits and certain areas in the Midwestern China. In the “Top
      1000 World Banks 2024” ranking by The Banker, U.K., CZBank ranked 84th in terms of tier-one capital. China
      Chengxin International gave CZBank the highest AAA corporate credit rating among financial institutions.
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024    013




                    Development Strategies and Core Competitiveness


(I)    DEVELOPMENT CONCEPTS
       Ecosystem: Establish a five-word ecosystem, namely “integrity, simplicity, professionalism, cooperation
       and honesty”

       Development: Practice the three-word primer of “goodness, intelligence and diligence” and make efforts
       on high-quality development.

       Practice: Adhere to the keynote of strictness and develop “Six Dos” spirit.

(II)   STRATEGIC SYSTEM
       One general principle of development: start a new journey of high-quality development with the vision of
       being a “first class commercial bank”.

       Three major goals: first-class social influence with positive behavior, first-class professional
       competitiveness in the industry, and first-class corporate cohesion of common progress and prosperity.

       Three strategic guidelines: financial services for good, intelligent operation, humanistic CZBank.

       Four strategic focuses: introduce systematic digital transformation, deepen comprehensive development
       in all aspects, seek synergetic development of all five segments and embark on a new journey of wealth
       management.

       N strategic measures: Construct a six-pillar system of financial services for good (financial consulting,
       intra-county comprehensive financial ecological construction, goodwill credit, charitable trust, employee
       for good and accountability for good); Construct a smart business management “346” system (3
       dimensions of focusing limited resources on key areas, optimizing the asset-liability structure, and
       accelerating digital transformation; 4 major projects of expanding non-interest income, strengthening
       weakly sensitive assets, optimizing liability structure, and enhancing digital revenue; and “1+5” operational
       safeguard mechanism, including comprehensive synergy reform, resource allocation mechanism,
       performance assessment mechanism, risk control mechanism, technology support mechanism, and
       talent security mechanism); Implement the “123 Talent Plan” (123人才計劃) (construct a human resource
       management system integrating “selection, employment, cultivation, retention and dismissal” , build two
       brands to be “the advocate and practitioner of happy life” and “a bank popular among young people”,
       and implement three major talent projects to attract, retain and engage talents); Construct a customer-
       oriented comprehensive synergy reform “1143” work system (1 overall plan, 1 digital system, 4 work
       systems including organizational structure, assessment and resource allocation, comprehensive talent
       team, and comprehensive synergy scenarios, and 3 major safeguard measures including organizational
       leadership, risk prevention and control, and altruistic culture).
014    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Development Strategies and Core Competitiveness



      (III) CORE COMPETITIVENESS
               Clear and specific strategic positioning. The Company has always adhered to General Secretary
               Xi’s 99-word important instruction to CZBank as a guideline, and has taken the vision of being a “first
               class commercial bank” as general principle. Anchoring the vision of “three first-class”, we practice the
               concept of financial services for good, deepen intelligent operation, and build a humanistic CZBank, and
               have established four strategic focuses including digital transformation, deepening Zhejiang development,
               synergetic development of segments and wealth management. In addition, we promote the breakthrough
               of four major bases including customer, talent, system, investment and research. The implementation is
               scientific and clear with a remarkable operating result.

               Sound and organized corporate governance. The Company strengthens the establishment of
               modern corporate systems in all aspects, promotes the deep integration of Party leadership and
               business management. It has continuously improved the corporate governance level and enhanced the
               performance and effectiveness of governance entities with better governance systems. With specified
               and definite duties and responsibilities of General Meeting, Board of Directors, Supervisory Committee
               and Senior Management, a corporate governance structure appropriate for the Company has been
               formed. Through standard information disclosure processes, we have improved the quality of information
               disclosure continuously.

               Unique regional advantage. The headquarters of the Company is located in Zhejiang Province which
               boasts strong economic foundation, high market-oriented system and mechanism, sound legal and
               regulatory environment, outstanding industrial cluster advantage, and complete urban system. The
               operating strategy of the Company is in line with the resource advantage and development plan of
               Zhejiang Province, so “intensify development in Zhejiang with services nationwide” naturally enjoys
               excellent regional advantage and external environment.

               Improving business system. The Company has focused on the coordinated development of its five
               major business segments, namely great retail, great corporate, great investment banking, great asset
               management and great cross-border, providing customers with comprehensive, three-dimensional and
               systematic financial services to achieve the diversified operation, domestic and international layout,
               comprehensive services and high-quality development. In particular, its professional service ability in
               many fields such as supply chain finance, integrated financial services for parks, talent and science and
               innovation finance, inclusive finance has been highly recognized by the customers in the market.

               Prudent and steady risk management. Oriented with serving the real economy, the Company adheres
               to a prudent and healthy risk appetite and the principle of “small and diversified” in granting credit in an
               appropriate manner. We explore to reshape the logic of credit granting and risk control, shift our focuses
               from financial indicators to social reputation, from threshold approval to accompanying service, and
               from static gatekeeper-like risk control to dynamic whole-process risk control, continuously strengthen
               compliance risk control capabilities, implement a distinctive risk control officer assignment system,
               proactively and effectively prevent and control new risks, and improve the risk management system to
               maintain stable quality of assets.
                                                                                         Annual Report 2024    015




                        Development Strategies and Core Competitiveness


Financial technology with distinctive edges. The Company has systematically initiated the digital
reform, implemented the “replacing core system to consolidate our foundation “project and promoted
the comprehensive upgrade and transformation of the new generation core system to consolidate the
foundation of technology; We have continuously deepened and advanced the foundational system
breakthroughs, and promoted the practice of digital scenarios such as chain-based ecosystem finance,
in order to build several major digital applications with CZBank identification and competitiveness in the
industry, comprehensively refreshing and enhancing the capabilities of digital intelligence systems.

Scientific and reasonable talent reserves. The Company strengthens the construction of its cadre team
and has fully implemented the “123 talent plan” of CZBank. The management team has a broad strategic
vision and excellent management capabilities, with extensive experience in business operations, financial
management, risk control, and information technology. We attach importance on the construction of
a young talent team, and the employees of the Company are young, energetic, highly – educated with
strong professional competence.

Refreshed corporate culture. The Company adheres to the corporate spirit of “uprightness and
goodness, and financing to all parties”. It takes the “awe, gratitude, integrity, responsibility” as shared
value and the “CZBank Motto (浙銀行訓)” and “CZBank Song (浙銀行歌)” “CZBank Convention” (浙銀
公約) as a cultural consensus, and takes “service culture, compliance culture, excellence culture and
harmony culture” as basic cultural elements. It implements the five key projects, namely culture shaping,
culture rooting, culture nourishing, culture promotion and culture blooming, building the “four beams
and eight pillars” of the Bank’s corporate culture system and creating two brands: “advocates and
practitioners of happy life” and “the bank loved by young people”.

Innovation-led concept of “financial services for good”. The Company fulfills the mission of “national
priorities” in finance and was the first to propose the primacy of financial functions, reshaping financial
logic based on social value. Led by the concept of financial services for good, the Company has built
a “six-pillar” system including financial consulting, intra-county comprehensive financial ecological
construction, goodwill credit, charitable trust, employee for good and accountability for good. In addition,
we act as the “financial army” of the government, the “financial family doctor” of enterprises and the
“financial consultant” of residents, exploring a new paradigm for Chinese-style modernization of financial
services.
016    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Five Finances
      The Bank thoroughly executes the decisions and deployment of the CPC Central Committee and the State
      Council, fully implements the spirit of the Central Financial Work Conference. We deeply understand the political
      and people-oriented nature of financial work, advocate and practice the concept of “financial services for good”,
      strengthen organizational leadership, intensify the resource allocation, and optimize financial products and services.
      We continuously enhance our support to major national strategies, key areas and vulnerable areas in the national
      economy, and ensure to effectively carry out “five finances”, promoting the high-quality development of the real
      economy.




         Technology Finance
         The Bank closely follows the pace of the national strategy and fully promotes the development of new productive forces, and
         has seen a significant increase in the number of science and technology-based enterprises served and the scale of financing
         provided. Targeting the pain points of technology-based enterprises at different stages of development, the Bank has launched
         a series of products focusing on major scenarios, forming a technology financial service system with a talent Bank as the
         foundation. The Bank continues to strengthen the iteration of financial products and services, and has innovatively
         launched the Sci-Tech Innovation Credit Loan, Talent Scorecard, and Sci-Tech Investment Loan Scoring card. These initiatives
         further improve the risk control models for technology-based enterprises and enhance the efficiency of the approval process.
         We have enriched talent banking services for universities, research institutes and listed companies to intensify the support
         for talents. We have innovated the “new model of comprehensive service for science and technology enterprises by
         financial consultants”, built an ecosystem and actively connect with government departments and external organizations.
         We continuously optimize the risk-sharing mechanism for technology finance, promote the “loan + external direct investment”,
         and explore services for intellectual property rights and the transformation of scientific and technological achievements. Besides,
         we promote digital empowerment by establishing a digital evaluation model for technology-based enterprises, driving the
         efficient development of technology finance with digital intelligence. By the end of 2024, we had served 30,712 technology-
         based enterprises with a financing balance of RMB367.4 billion and served 3,925 high-level talents, including 41 academicians
         from home and abroad, nearly 700 national talents, and over 1,300 provincial and ministerial talents.




         Green Finance
         The Bank actively supports green and low-carbon development and promotes comprehensive green transformation of
         economic and social development. We have formed a green finance development strategy and implementation plan,
         clarified the strategic objectives, organizational structure, safeguard mechanism and implementation path, and continued to
         expand investment in the field of green finance. We have strengthened the guidance of credit policies and formulated
         11 special policies on green finance, including natural gas, electric power supply, sewage treatment and garbage disposal.
         We have improved the ESG (environmental, social and governance) risk management system, strengthened the
         categorization management and dynamic assessment of customers’ ESG risks, incorporated customers’ ESG risk management
         into the comprehensive risk management system, and adopted differentiated management measures in business processes.
         We have built a diversified service system covering green credit, green bonds, green investment, etc., and has formed
         a whole industry chain financing service program centering on the green industry chain of photovoltaic, wind power and
         other clean energy sources, ranging from upstream suppliers’ supply, production by core enterprises, sales by downstream
         distributors, and installation, operation and maintenance by end farmers. By the end of 2024, the balance of green loans of
         the Bank amounted to RMB247.737 billion, representing an increase of 21.78% over the beginning of the year, higher than the
         growth rate of all types of loans in the bank. We cumulatively underwrote 12 green bonds, raising a total of RMB7.137 billion.
         The balance of green bond investments amounted to RMB6.677 billion.
                                                                                                               Annual Report 2024       017




Inclusive Finance
The Bank continues to enhance its inclusive financial service capacity, and comprehensively promotes the transformation of
inclusive financial services into digitalization and scenario-based services to promote the high-quality development of inclusive
financial services. We have built up the inclusive brand of digital CZBank, innovatively launched the “1+1+N” integrated
digital business products and services focused on the “Digital Easy Loan”, “Digital Technology Loan” and “Digital Cooperation
Project”, increased the disbursement of first-time loans, renewal loans, credit loans and medium-and long-term loans, and
continue to intensify financial support for private, small-and micro-enterprises and individually business operators. By the end of
2024, the balance of loans to inclusive small and micro enterprises amounted to RMB355.425 billion, representing an increase of
RMB35.298 billion or 11% over the beginning of the year and exceeding the regulatory target. Inclusive credit loans accounted
for 12.55%, an increase of 2.56 percentage points over the beginning of the year; the proportion of medium – and long-term
loans was 67.10%; and the number of new first-time borrowers among small and micro enterprises expanded in the year was
6,229 households. We have strengthened efforts to help enterprises in difficulty. For enterprises facing difficulties, we have
promoted the implementation of categorized policies by branches to effectively address the practical difficulties of small and micro
enterprises. We actively assist in rural revitalization and maintain the financial support for poverty alleviation. By the end of
2024, the balance of agriculture-related loans amounted to RMB240.564 billion, an increase of RMB19.781 billion or 8.96% from
the beginning of the year.




Aging Finance
The Bank has promoted ageing-friendly renovation across all channels. We have set up special care service window in all our
branches and created “warmth stations”. Additionally, we have launched the “senior-friendly edition” of our mobile banking app,
and optimized the personal pension section within the app. For elderly customers who are unable to visit our branches due to
unexpected events, we provide door-to-door services. These initiatives aim to enhance the social value of financial services. We
have actively promoted third-pillar pension insurance, opened a total of 285,300 individual pension fund accounts with a total
deposit of RMB255 million. We have strengthened cooperation with Taiping Pension and other insurance companies, and the
retained amount of commercial pension products has reached RMB2.378 billion. We have enriched aging financial services in
all aspects by catering to the diverse needs of the silver-haired customer base, and providing exclusive services through dedicated
channels, activities, products and benefits, etc. By the end of 2024, the number of silver-haired customers in our bank reached 1.909
million, an increase of 272,600 customers compared to the beginning of the year, representing a growth of 16.66%.




Digital Finance
The bank has deepened the advancement of foundational system breakthroughs, accelerated the implementation of the
“replacing core system to consolidate our foundation” project, promoted the construction of new-generation core systems,
continued to consolidate the base of digital financial capabilities. We have further improved the data governance system,
strengthened the construction of data assets, and enhanced the ability to protect network security, data security, and application
security. We have continuously enhanced digital operation and service capabilities, actively applied digital financial
achievements, and created scenario-based finance grounded in digitalization. By the end of 2024, we had formed differentiated
solutions in nearly 30 industries such as electric power, energy, new energy automobile, and modern communications, and had
cumulatively provided financing of more than RMB700 billion, served more than 3,500 core enterprises, and extended services
to more than 70,000 upstream and downstream enterprises. At the same time, we have promoted the intelligent transformation
of counter, internet banking and branches, and released Mobile Banking 6.0 to enhance the convenience of services. We
have effectively served the digital transformation of government and enterprise customers, intensified cooperation
and connection with government data platforms, such as Zhejiang Financial Comprehensive Service Platform. We have also
advanced the pilot application of electronic seals for online mortgage cancellation and the use of electronic certificates in
Jinhua, Lishui, and Zhoushan. Over 30 models, including early warning models for real estate mortgage and seizure, have been
jointly developed and launched. These efforts aim to support government agencies in making precise decisions and regulating
efficiently, while also helping enterprises accelerate digital transformation.
018       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




        Deepening Zhejiang development



                                                                                                        Main indicators in
                                                                                                        Zhejiang Province

Main achievements
                                                                                    02
                                     01        The underwriting of Zhejiang local
                                               government bonds ranked first in the
                                                                                                       Deposit balance                     Loan balance
        Provided forceful and
        effective services for the
                                               province. In 2024, the underwriting
                                               of Zhejiang local government bonds                      RMB   564.6 billion                 RMB    614.9 billion
        ove rall situation of the              amounted to RMB40.3 billion, accounting                 increased by        5.62%           increased by            10.21%
        province. By the end of                for 8.48% of the total underwriting volume,
        2024, the total amount                 ranking the first among all banks in terms
        of financing ser vices in              of underwriting scale. The cumulative
        the province reached                   underwriting of Zhejiang local government
        R M B 1, 0 2 0 . 5 b i l l i o n ,     bonds amounted to RMB116.8 billion
                                               over three years, ranking first in terms of
        achieving the first-ever
        breakthrough of the                    underwriting scale in the industry.                                                           03
        one-trillion level, with an                                                          Over the past three years of “deepening Zhejiang
        i n c re a s e of m o re th a n                                                      development”, our Bank was affirmed by
        RMB230 billion over three                                                            provincial leaders for more than 30 times. We
        years. Ser ved a total of                                                            have been awarded the first prize for supporting
        82 major projects in the                                                             social and economic development of Zhejiang
        province, with a financing                                                           Province for nine consecutive years, and has
        b a l a n c e i n c r e a s i n g by                                                 been awarded the “Most Satisfactory Bank for
        tenfold over three years.                                                            Private Enterprises” in Zhejiang Province for five
                                                                                             consecutive years. In 2024, we were awarded the
                                                                                             A-level rating in the comprehensive evaluation by
                                                                                             the People’s Bank of China, Zhejiang Branch for
                                                                                             the first time.


                                                                                                                                                                   06
                                                                04                                                         Market position has been steadily
                                                                                                                           improved. By the end of 2024,
                 Strengthen coordination with gover nment                                                 05               the balance of all deposits and
                 departments at all levels. 16 provincial-level units                                                      loans in the province reached
                 have signed strategic cooperation agreements                    Made a breakthrough                       RMB564.6 billion and RMB614.9
                 with the provincial Department of Economics and                 in obtaining important                    billion respectively, an increase of
                 Information Technology, Department of Commerce,                 business qualifications and               RMB30.1 billion and RMB56.9
                 Department of Construction, Department of                       dedicated fund accounts.                  billion compared with the beginning
                 Agriculture and Rural Development, Department                   We newly acquired 90                      of the year, representing a growth
                 of Culture and Tourism, Market Supervision                      types of qualification                    of 5.62% and 10.21%. In Zhejiang
                 Administration, Government Offices Administration,              accounts at the provincial,               P ro v i n c e , t h e p ro p o r t i o n s o f
                 and Federation of Industry and Commerce; 11                     municipal, and county                     deposits and loans in the bank’s
                 prefectural and municipal governments and the                   levels in 2024. Since                     overall operations were 24.43%
                 provincial and municipal federations of industry and            the three-year action                     and 33.83%, respectively.
                 commerce have signed agreements to achieve                      of “deepening Zhejiang
                 “full coverage”; and the coverage of the district               development”, we have
                 and county governments in terms of strategic                    cumulatively obtained 215
                 cooperation was close to 60%.                                   qualification accounts.




Note:    At the beginning of 2022, the Bank established “Deeping Zhejiang development” as the primary strategy of the Bank, and systematically
         launched the three-year action of “Deeping Zhejiang development”.
                                                                                                                             Annual Report 2024       019




Total financing services         Small and micro loans          Green loan                    Loans to manufacturing           Balance of
                                 under inclusive finance                                      industries                       agricultural-related loan
RMB  1,020.5 billion                                            RMB 100.0 billion
increased by     10.72%
                                 RMB  142.3 billion             increased by    17.22%
                                                                                              RMB   123.2 billion              RMB   129.6 billion
                                 increased by     9.47%                                       increased by        9.76%        increased by       9.48%

                                                                                                                                  09
                                                                      Relying on the financial advisor system to support the
                                          07                          construction of a demonstration zone for common prosperity.
                                                                      By the end of 2024, China Zheshang Bank had set up 161
          Business competitiveness has been                           financial consultant studios in the province and served more
          significantly enhanced. In 2024, the                        than 100,000 enterprises and implemented financing exceeding
          amount of small and micro loans                             one trillion yuan by leading a team of over 4,200 financial
          under inclusive finance increased                           advisors. China Zheshang Bank has also developed and
          RMB12.3 billion, ranking first among                        launched customized product of “digital intelligent common
          joint-stock peers; the growth rate                          prosperity loans ( 數 智 共 富 貸 )”, which is a pure-credit, fully
          of retail credit has also maintained                        online financial solution for specialty industries in mountainous
          the top position among joint-stock                          and island counties, such as Longyou pigs ( 龍 遊 生 豬 ),
          peers; Over the past three years,                           Sanmen green crab ( 三 門 青 蟹 ), Xianju plums ( 仙 居 楊 梅 ),
          we have cumulatively underwritten                           and Yongjia teaching aids ( 永嘉教具 ). By the end of 2024, the
          over RMB100 billion of corporate                            credit scale of “digital intelligent common prosperity loans” in
          bonds within the province, with our                         the province had exceeded RMB4.5 billion, serving nearly 1,000
          underwriting scale ranking in the top                       farmers in mountainous and island counties. The total volume
          five in the province.                                       of financial services in these counties exceeded RMB80 billion,
                                                        08            achieving a twofold increase over three years.

                                Collaboration with key                                                                                               10
                                customers has been                                                     Innovated the county’s comprehensive financial
                                continuously deepened. By                                              ecosystem. In early 2022, we started to explore
                                the end of 2024, the Bank                                              the construction of comprehensive financial
                                has achieved full coverage in                                          ecosystem in Linping District, Hangzhou,
                                cooperation with provincial                                            Zhejiang Province, and summarized the
                                and municipal state-owned                                              “3386” model. By the end of 2024, more than
                                enterprises, listed companies                                          6,000 new market entities were added to the
                                with a market value exceeding                                          pilot area, the interest rate of cross-border
                                RMB20 billion and the top                                              e-commerce financing dropped by nearly 60
                                100 enterprises in Zhejiang                                            BPs, and the incidence rate of financial fraud
                                Province, of which the                                                 cases and the amount of losses dropped by
                                cooperation coverage rate of                                           17% and 27% year-on-year, respectively. This
                                high-quality listed companies                                          model was appraised as an innovative case
                                had increased by 20                                                    at the grassroots level by the Reform Office of
                                percentage points over three                                           the Provincial Party Committee. It has been
                                years.                                                                 replicated and popularized throughout the
                                                                                                       province, and has now achieved full coverage of
                                                                                                       cities and municipalities in the province, as well
                                                                                                       as districts and counties under the jurisdiction of
                                                                                                       Hangzhou, Ningbo and Quzhou.
020    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Honors and Awards


      Awards/Ranking                                    Activities/Organizers/Media         Awarded in


      84th in the “Top 1000 World Banks 2024” ranking   The Banker , magazine of the UK     Jul. 2024
      Maintain double “investment grade” in the         S&P, Moody’s                        Dec. 2024
        international rating
      “A” in MSCI ESG rating                            MSCI                                Oct. 2024
      FinTech Development Award                         People’s Bank of China              Nov. 2024
      Corporate Standards “Leader”                      “Eight ministries and               May. 2024
                                                          commissions, including the
                                                          State Administration for Market
                                                          Regulation, the National
                                                          Development and Reform
                                                          Commission, the Ministry of
                                                          Finance and the People’s Bank
                                                          of China”
      First Prize for Outstanding Unit in Supporting    People’s Government of Zhejiang     Nov. 2024
         Zhejiang’s Economic and Social Development       Province
      “Most Satisfactory Bank for Private               People’s Bank of China, Zhejiang    April. 2024
         Enterprises” in Zhejiang Province                Branch, Zhejiang Federation of
                                                          Industry and Commerce
      The first batch of enterprises in the country     State Archives Administration       Mar. 2024
        to pilot the creation of digital archives
        through enterprise groups
      Financial advisory work won the third             Financial Service Committee of the May. 2024
        “Golden Canal List – Golden Goose Award”          General Association of Zhejiang
        (金渠榜 － 金雁獎) and “Golden Canal                     Entrepreneurs
        List – Golden Point Award” (金渠榜 － 金點獎)
      Ranked first in the mid-term evaluation of        State Administration of Foreign     May. 2024
        exchange rate risk management for                 Exchange
        banking service enterprises
      Honorary title of “Most Beautiful Station”        Zhejiang Provincial Federation of   Dec. 2024
                                                          Trade Unions
      Zhejiang provincial volunteer service             Zhejiang Provincial Committee       Nov. 2024
        demonstration brand                               Social Work Department of
                                                          Zhejiang Provincial Committee
                                                                                             Annual Report 2024   021




                                                                                  Honors and Awards


Awards/Ranking                                         Activities/Organizers/Media         Awarded in


Typical Cases of Inclusive Finance in China            “China Banking Association、         Dec. 2024
                                                         China Association of Small
                                                         and Medium sized Business
                                                         Enterprises, 21st Century
                                                         Financial Research Institute of
                                                         Southern Finance Omnimedia
                                                         Group
High Quality Development Award for                     Shanghai Clearing House             Mar. 2024
  Settlement Business
“Annual Outstanding Discounting Organization,          Shanghai Commercial Paper           Jan. 2024
  Outstanding Supply Chain Bill Participating            Exchange Co.
  Organization, Excellent Outstanding Organization
  for Enterprise Promotion of New Generation System,
  Outstanding Commercial Bill Information Disclosure
  Service Organization, Outstanding Discounting
  Participating Organization”
Best Communication Award in the Short Video            China Bank Insurance Journal        Aug. 2024
  Collection Competition for Preventing
  Illegal Fundraising
2024 Leading Bank of Retail Finance                    Economic Observer                   Dec. 2024
Tianma Award (天馬獎) for China Listed                    Securities Times                    Jun. 2024
  Company Investor Relations
Golden Bull Award for Fixed Income Products            China Securities Journal            Dec. 2024
  of Joint-Stock Commercial Bank and Wealth
  Management Company
022    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Financial Summary


      (The financial data and indicators set forth in this annual report are prepared in accordance with the International
      Financial Reporting Accounting Standards, are consolidated data of the Bank and its subsidiaries and presented in
      RMB, unless otherwise specified)




                              Total assets                                                Net profit
                         In 100 millions of RMB                                     In 100 millions of RMB


                                                         33,255.39                                     154.93   156.93
                                             31,438.79
                                 26,219.30                                                 139.89
                     22,867.23                                                   129.16
         20,482.25                                                     125.59




           2020       2021        2022        2023        2024          2020      2021      2022        2023    2024




                        Operating income                                        Net non-interest income
                         In 100 millions of RMB                                     In 100 millions of RMB



                                                          677.02                                                 225.45
                                 611.52       637.64
                     545.84
         477.71                                                                                        162.36
                                                                                           140.90
                                                                                126.32
                                                                     106.76




          2020        2021        2022         2023        2024        2020      2021       2022        2023      2024
                                                                                Annual Report 2024   023




                                                                    Financial Summary




            Operating expenses                             Cost-to-income ratio (%)
              In 100 millions of RMB


                                         219.28                                         31.16
                                201.59                                       30.43
                                                                    27.77
                     176.68                       26.42     25.50
           147.72
132.42




 2020       2021      2022        2023    2024     2020     2021     2022     2023       2024




        Non-performing loan ratio (%)             Allowance to non-performing loans (%)


                                                  191.01            182.19   182.60
            1.53      1.47                                 174.61                      178.67
 1.42                            1.44    1.38




 2020       2021      2022       2023    2024      2020     2021     2022     2023       2024
024    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Financial Summary



      Key Financial Data and Indicators
                                                       2024        2023        2022        2021        2020


      Operating results (RMB million)
      Operating income                               67,702      63,764      61,152      54,584      47,771
      Profit before taxation                         17,579      17,492      15,831      14,981      14,363
      Net profit attributable to shareholders of
        the Bank                                     15,186      15,048      13,618      12,648      12,309


      Scale indicators (at the end of the
        reporting period, RMB million)
      Total assets                                 3,325,539   3,143,879   2,621,930   2,286,723   2,048,225
      Total loans and advances to customers        1,857,116   1,716,240   1,525,030   1,347,239   1,197,698
      Total liabilities                            3,122,796   2,954,302   2,456,000   2,119,840   1,915,682
      Customer deposits                            1,922,289   1,868,659   1,681,443   1,415,705   1,335,636
      Equity attributable to shareholders of the
        Bank                                        198,903     186,245     162,933     164,169     130,512


      Per share (RMB)
      Net assets per share at the end of the
         period attributable to shareholders of
         the Bank(1)                                    6.33        5.87        6.49        5.84        5.43
      Basic earnings per share attributable to
         shareholders of the Bank(2)                    0.52        0.57        0.53        0.53        0.51
      Diluted earnings per share attributable to
         shareholders of the Bank                       0.52        0.57        0.53        0.53        0.51


      Profitability indicators (%)
      Return on average total assets(3)                 0.49        0.54        0.57        0.60       0.65
      Return on average equity(4)                       8.49        9.42        9.02        9.83      10.03
      Net interest margin                               1.71        2.01        2.21        2.27       2.19
      Net interest spread                               1.52        1.81        2.02        2.07       1.99
      Net non-interest income to operating
        income                                        33.30       25.46       23.04       23.14       22.35
      Cost-to-income ratio(5)                         31.16       30.43       27.77       25.50       26.42


      Asset quality indicators (%)
      Non-performing loan ratio(6)                     1.38        1.44        1.47        1.53        1.42
      Allowance to non-performing loans(7)           178.67      182.60      182.19      174.61      191.01
      Allowance to total loans(8)                      2.46        2.63        2.67        2.68        2.72


      Capital adequacy indicators (%)
      Core tier-one capital adequacy ratio             8.38        8.22        8.05        8.13        8.75
      Tier-one capital adequacy ratio                  9.61        9.52        9.54       10.80        9.88
      Capital adequacy ratio                          12.61       12.19       11.60       12.89       12.93
                                                                                                              Annual Report 2024      025




                                                                                               Financial Summary


Notes:

(1)   Net assets per share attributable to shareholders of the Bank = (equity attributable to shareholders of the Bank minus other
      equity instruments) divided by the total number of ordinary shares at the end of the period.

(2)   Basic earnings per share attributable to shareholders of the Bank = Net profit attributable to shareholders of ordinary
      shares of the Bank (excluding net profit attributable to other equity instruments of the Bank) divided by weighted average
      number of ordinary shares outstanding. The Bank completed the A-share right issue and the H-share right issue on June
      and July 2023, respectively. As a result of the Right Issue, the earnings per share for 2022 and previous years have been
      recalculated.

(3)   Return on average total assets = Net profit divided by the average balance of total assets at the beginning and at the end of
      the period.

(4)   Return on average equity = Net profit attributable to shareholders of ordinary shares of the Bank (excluding net profit
      attributable to other equity instruments of the Bank) divided by average balance of equity attributable to shareholders of
      ordinary shares of the Bank at the beginning and at the end of the period (excluding other equity instruments).

(5)   Cost-to-income ratio = Operating expenses (excluding taxes and surcharges) divided by operating income.

(6)   Since the 2023 annual report, the Bank has calculated the non-performing loan ratio and allowance to total loans in
      accordance with the Guidelines for the Calculation of Major Financial Indicators in China’s Banking Industry (Yin Xie Fa
      [2023] No. 34) (《中國銀行業主要財務指標計算指引》(銀協發[2023]34 號)) issued by the China Banking Association, where:
      Non-performing loan ratio = Balance of non-performing loans divided by total loans and advances to customers (excluding
      interest accrued).

(7)   Allowance to non-performing loans = Balance of impairment allowances on loans divided by balance of non-performing
      loans. There is no difference between the indicator for the Group and the Bank, while the regulatory requirements specify
      that a legal person’s allowance to non-performing loans shall not be less than 140%.

(8)   Allowance to total loans = Balance of impairment allowances on loans divided by total loans and advances to customers
      (excluding interest accrued). There is no difference between the indicator for the Group and the Bank, while the regulatory
      requirements specify that a legal person’s allowance to total loans shall not be less than 2.1%.


Explanation of Differences between Financial Statements Prepared under
Domestic and International Accounting Standards
The net profit attributable to shareholders of the Bank for the reporting period ended December 31, 2024 and
the equity attributable to shareholders of the Bank as at the end of the reporting period presented in the financial
statements prepared by the Group under the China Accounting Standards are the same with that presented in the
financial statements prepared by the Group under the International Financial Reporting Accounting Standards.
026    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis


      (I)      Economic, Financial and Regulatory Environments
               In 2024, the global economy continued its weak recovery under complicated circumstances, with
               economic growth running at a low level throughout the year, inflationary pressures easing, the European
               and US monetary policy interest rate-cutting cycle gradually starting, direct investment picking up, money
               market interest rates going down and exchange rate volatility rising. In addition, geopolitical conflicts
               continued to affect the global economy, and trade protectionism became a major obstacle to trade
               growth.

               The year 2024 marked the 75th anniversary of the founding of New China and was a critical year
               for the realization of the objectives and tasks of the 14th Five-Year Plan. During this year, under the
               strong leadership of the Central Party Committee with Xi Jinping at its core, we adhered to the general
               principle of seeking progress while maintaining stability, overcame internal and external difficulties, and
               fought hard to promote the gradual recovery of the economy amidst the fluctuations. In particular, there
               were positive changes in many areas since the introduction of the package of incremental policies to
               stabilize the economy in September, successfully achieving the major expected goals of economic and
               social development. GDP for the year amounted to RMB134.9 trillion, 5% increase over the previous
               year at constant prices. The economic growth rate was significantly faster than that of the world’s
               major developed economies, demonstrating the strong resilience and potential of China’s economy. At
               the same time, it should also be noted that China’s economic recovery is also facing problems such
               as insufficient effective demand, external trade pressure on China, and many hidden risks in some
               fields. However, from a comprehensive point of view, the favorable conditions for China’s development
               outweigh the unfavorable factors, and the basic trend of economic rebound and long-term improvement
               remains unchanged.

               In 2024, the financial supervisory organization system continued to be improved. The financial regulatory
               framework of “One Bank (PBoC), One Administration (NFRA), and One Commission (CSRC)” (一行
               一局一會) was further clarified, thus more clearly defining the financial supervisory responsibilities,
               continuously enhancing the foresight, precision, effectiveness and synergy of supervision, strengthening
               the supervisory responsibility and accountability system for various types of financial activities, and
               reinforcing central and local supervisory coordination.

               In 2024, the monetary policy was flexible, moderate, precise and effective, and countercyclical
               adjustment was strengthened, creating a suitable monetary and financial environment for economic
               recovery and improvement. Cutting the reserve requirement ratio (RRR) and lowering interest rates
               helped reduce financing costs for the real economy. In February and September, the RRR was lowered
               by 0.5 percentage point respectively, releasing more than trillion yuan of liquidity. The 1-year LPR (Loan
               Market Quotation Rate) and the 5-year LPR dropped by 35 basis points and 60 basis points respectively,
               further reducing the financing costs for the real economy. Fiscal policy became more proactive and more
               powerful, with more sustained efforts and greater emphasis on playing a good “combination punch” of
               policies. The combined use of various policy tools, such as deficits, special bonds and ultra-long-term
               special government bonds, further boosted investment, stimulated consumption, and actively supported
               the expansion of domestic effective demand.

               The banking industry has made great efforts to improve the quality and efficiency of its services to the
               real economy and strengthened its credit support to key areas. At the end of 2024, the local and foreign
               currency assets of banking financial institutions amounted to RMB444.6 trillion, an increase of 6.5% year-
               on-year. The balance of loans from banking financial institutions to small and micro enterprises reached
               RMB81.4 trillion, of which the balance of inclusive loans to small and micro enterprises with a credit line
               for each borrower not more than RMB10 million was RMB33.3 trillion, increased by 14.7% year-on-year.
               Commercial banks achieved an annual net profit of RMB2.3 trillion, with a non-performing loan balance
               of RMB3.3 trillion and a nonperforming loan ratio of 1.5%, thus generally maintaining the stable asset
               quality.
                                                                                               Annual Report 2024   027




                                                   Management Discussion and Analysis



(II)   Analysis of Overall Operation Performance
       During the reporting period, the Group fully implemented the the decisions and deployments of the
       Central Committee of the Communist Party of China and the Zhejiang Provincial Party Committee and
       Provincial Government. Specifically, the Group continuously intensified the construction of the “five-word
       ecosystem”, vigorously carried forward the “Six Dos” spirit and focused on the “three first-class” vision.
       Taking financial services for good, intelligent operation and humanistic CZBank as the guidelines and
       with digital reform as the main line, the Group has conducted a customer-oriented, comprehensive and
       coordinated reform in all aspects, deeply promoted the four major strategic priorities and systematically
       promoted the four fundamental major battles, embarking on a new journey to high-quality development.

       Steady increase of business scale. Focusing on the “customer-oriented, comprehensive and
       coordinated reform”, the Group promoted comprehensive transformation of its business in order to
       optimize its asset structure. As at the end of the reporting period, total assets of the Group amounted
       to RMB3,325.539 billion, representing an increase of RMB181.660 billion or 5.78% as compared to
       that at the end of last year. Meanwhile, adhering to the tenet of finance serving the real economy, the
       Group also increased its credit investment in key areas including the “five finances” (五篇大文章), the
       “two focuses” (兩重) and the “two news” (兩新). At the end of the reporting period, total loans and
       advances to customers amounted to RMB1,857.116 billion, representing an increase of RMB140.876
       billion or 8.21% as compared to that at the end of last year. In terms of debt management, sticking
       to the customer-oriented, digitalization-based and scene-based concepts, the Group was committed
       to attracting qualified deposits at low interest rate, thus maintaining steady growth in size of deposits
       while continuously cutting down the interest payment rate. At the end of the reporting period, total
       liabilities amounted to RMB3,122.796 billion, representing an increase of RMB168.494 billion or 5.70%
       as compared to that at the end of last year; customer deposits amounted to RMB1,922.289 billion,
       representing an increase of RMB53.630 billion or 2.87% as compared to that at the end of last year.

       Stable growth of operating efficiencies. By practicing the concept of intelligent operation, the Group
       has been able to sustainably stimulate its operational potential. During the reporting period, operating
       income of the Group amounted to RMB67.702 billion, representing an increase of RMB3.938 billion or
       6.18% as compared to that of last year, of which net interest income amounted to RMB45.157 billion,
       representing a decrease of RMB2.371 billion or 4.99% as compared to that of last year, and net non-
       interest income amounted to RMB22.545 billion, representing an increase of RMB6.309 billion or
       38.86% as compared to that of last year. Net profit attributable to shareholders of the Bank amounted
       to RMB15.186 billion, representing an increase of RMB138 million or 0.92% as compared to that of last
       year.

       Steady asset quality maintained. The Group strengthened the management and control of financial
       risks while making prudent and reasonable provision for impairment. As at the end of the reporting
       period, the non-performing loan ratio was 1.38%, representing a decrease of 0.06 percentage point
       as compared to that at the end of last year. Allowance to non-performing loan ratio was 178.67%,
       representing a decrease of 3.93 percentage points as compared to that at the end of last year; the
       allowance to total loans ratio was 2.46%, representing a decrease of 0.17 percentage point as compared
       to that at the end of last year.

       Slight increase of capital adequacy ratio. The Group continued to optimize the business structure and
       strengthened the management of capital adequacy. As at the end of the reporting period, the capital
       adequacy ratio of the Group amounted to 12.61%, representing an increase of 0.42 percentage point
       as compared with that at the end of last year. The tier-one capital adequacy ratio amounted to 9.61%,
       representing an increase of 0.09 percentage point as compared with that at the end of last year, and the
       core tier-one capital adequacy ratio amounted to 8.38%, representing an increase of 0.16 percentage
       point as compared with that at the end of last year.
028    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis



      (III) Analysis of Financial Statements
      1.       Analysis of Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
               During the reporting period, the Group realized operating income of RMB67.702 billion, increased by
               6.18% as compared to that of last year, including, among others, net interest income of RMB45.157
               billion, decreased by 4.99% as compared to that of last year, and net non-interest income of RMB22.545
               billion, increased by 38.86% as compared to that of last year. Operating expense was RMB21.928
               billion, increased by 8.78% as compared to that of last year; cost-to-income ratio was 31.16%, increased
               by 0.73 percentage point as compared to that of last year. Provision for expected credit losses was
               RMB28.195 billion, increased by 7.97% as compared to that of last year. The income tax expense was
               RMB1.886 billion, decreased by 5.65% as compared to that of last year. The net profit attributable to
               shareholders of the Bank of RMB15.186 billion, increased by 0.92% as compared to that of last year; the
               return on average total assets was 0.49% and the return on average equity was 8.49%.

               Changes of the main items in the consolidated statement of profit or loss

                                                                                   In RMB million, except percentages
                                                                                          Amount of         Increase
                                                                                            increase      (decrease)
               Item                                              2024            2023     (decrease)             (%)


               Net interest income                             45,157          47,528          (2,371)         (4.99)
               Net non-interest income                         22,545          16,236           6,309          38.86
               Operating income                                67,702          63,764           3,938           6.18
               Less: operating expenses                        21,928          20,159           1,769           8.78
               Less: expected credit losses                    28,195          26,113           2,082           7.97
               Profit before taxation                          17,579          17,492              87           0.50
               Less: income tax expense                         1,886           1,999            (113)         (5.65)
               Net profit                                      15,693          15,493             200           1.29
               Attributable to: Shareholders of the Bank       15,186          15,048             138           0.92
                                Non-controlling interests         507             445              62          13.93
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024      029




                                                       Management Discussion and Analysis


(1)   Net interest income
      During the reporting period, net interest income was RMB45.157 billion, representing a decrease
      of RMB2.371 billion or 4.99% as compared to that of last year, accounting for 66.70% of operating
      income. Interest income was RMB110.697 billion, representing an increase of RMB444 million or 0.40%
      as compared to that of last year; interest expense was RMB65.540 billion, representing an increase of
      RMB2.815 billion or 4.49% as compared to that of last year.

      During the reporting period, net interest spread and net interest margin were 1.52% and 1.71%,
      respectively, representing a decrease of 29 basis points and 30 basis points as compared to that of
      last year, respectively. The main reasons for the changes in net interest spread and net interest margin
      were as follows: the Group firmly implemented the requirements of the policy to provide benefits for the
      real economy, and constantly optimized its asset structure, thus the yield on interest-earning assets
      decreased by 39 basis points as compared to that of last year. The Group continued to strengthen the
      management of liabilities portfolio, attract scenario-based deposits to a larger extent with higher quality,
      and drive growth in low-cost deposits including settlement deposits, thus the cost of interest-bearing
      liabilities decreased by 10 basis points as compared to that of last year.

      Average yields on interest-earning assets and average costs of interest-bearing liabilities

                                                                                   In RMB million, except percentages
                                                       2024                                     2023
                                            Average     Interest   Average yield    Average      Interest   Average yield
      Item                                  balance      income             (%)     balance      income              (%)

      Interest-earning assets
      Loans and advances to customers      1,806,287    80,455              4.45   1,653,319      80,595            4.87
      Investments (1)                        846,106    25,359              3.00     705,914      24,445            3.46
      Due from banks and other financial
        institutions(2)                     149,962       2,975             1.98    141,766        3,131            2.21
      Balances with central bank(3)         137,528       1,908             1.39    146,965        2,082            1.42

      Total interest-earning assets        2,939,883   110,697              3.77   2,647,964     110,253            4.16

                                                       2024                                     2023
                                            Average     Interest   Average cost     Average      Interest   Average cost
      Item                                  balance    expense              (%)     balance     expense              (%)

      Interest-bearing liabilities
      Customer deposits                    1,855,581    38,924              2.10   1,771,103      39,679            2.24
      Due to banks and other financial
        institutions(4)                     528,482     13,522              2.56    468,922       12,023            2.56
      Due to central bank                    69,066      1,530              2.22     64,774        1,549            2.39
      Debt securities issued(5)             456,509     11,427              2.50    357,317        9,328            2.61
      Lease liabilities                       3,131        137              4.38      3,281          146            4.45

      Total interest-bearing liabilities   2,912,769    65,540              2.25   2,665,397      62,725            2.35

      Net interest income                               45,157                                    47,528
      Net interest spread                                                   1.52                                    1.81
      Net interest margin(6)                                                1.71                                    2.01
030    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis


               Notes:

               (1)    including financial assets measured at amortized cost, financial assets measured at fair value through other
                      comprehensive income and finance lease receivables.

               (2)    including deposits with banks and other financial institutions, placements with banks and other financial
                      institutions, and financial assets purchased under resale agreements.

               (3)    including statutory deposit reserves, surplus deposit reserves, foreign exchange risk reserves and fiscal deposits.

               (4)    including deposits from banks and other financial institutions, placements from banks and other financial
                      institutions, and financial assets sold under repurchase agreements.

               (5)    including issued inter-bank certificates of deposits, financial bonds and subordinated bonds, etc.

               (6)    Net interest margin: the income generated from the business of financial assets measured at fair value through
                      profit or loss was not classified as interest income categorized by accounting item, and its corresponding
                      interest-bearing liabilities and interest expenses shall be adjusted accordingly.

               Analysis of changes in interest income and interest expenses

                                                                                                                        In RMB million
                                                                           Comparison between 2024 and 2023
                                                                    Factors for increase (decrease)       Net increase
               Item                                                      Volume(1)       Interest rate(2) (decrease)(3)


               Interest-earning assets
               Loans and advances to customers                                 7,457                   (7,597)                    (140)
               Investments                                                     4,855                   (3,941)                     914
               Due from banks and other
                 financial institutions                                         181                     (337)                     (156)
               Balances with central bank                                      (134)                      (40)                    (174)
               Changes in interest income                                    12,359                  (11,915)                      444


               Interest-bearing liabilities
               Customer deposits                                               1,893                   (2,648)                    (755)
               Due to banks and other
                 financial institutions                                        1,527                       (28)                  1,499
               Due to central bank                                               103                     (122)                      (19)
               Debt securities issued                                          2,589                     (490)                   2,099
               Lease liabilities                                                  (7)                        (2)                      (9)
               Changes in interest expenses                                    6,105                   (3,290)                   2,815
               Net changes in interest income                                  6,254                   (8,625)                  (2,371)
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024      031




                                                        Management Discussion and Analysis


      Notes:

      (1)   Change in volume represents the average balance for the reporting period minus the average balance for the
            previous year, multiplied by the average yield or average interest-bearing rate for the previous year.

      (2)   Change in interest rate represents the average yield or average interest-bearing rate for the reporting period
            minus the average yield or average interest-bearing rate for the previous year, multiplied by the average balance
            for the reporting period.

      (3)   Net increase or decrease represents interest income (expenses) for the reporting period minus interest income
            (expenses) for the previous year.


(2)   Interest income
      Interest income from loans and advances to customers
      Interest income from loans and advances to customers was RMB80.455 billion, decreased by RMB140
      million or 0.17% as compared to that of last year, mainly due to the facts that the Group insisted on
      its original aspiration of serving the real economy and continuously increased its credit investment in
      key areas. During the reporting period, the average balance of loans and advances to customers was
      RMB1.81 trillion, representing an increase of 9.25% as compared to that of last year; meanwhile, affected
      by the decreased interest rate for loans in the market and insufficient effective credit demand, during the
      reporting period, the average yield on loans and advances to customers was 4.45%, decreased by 42
      basis points as compared to that of last year.

      Analysis of average income from loans and advances to customers by business type

                                                                                     In RMB million, except percentages
                                                         2024                                       2023
                                           Average        Interest   Average yield     Average       Interest   Average yield
                                           balance         income             (%)      balance        income             (%)


      Corporate loans and advances       1,208,730         52,628             4.35   1,094,198        51,687            4.72
      Personal loans and advances          484,008         25,460             5.26     441,883        26,332            5.96
      Discounted bills                     113,549          2,367             2.08     117,238         2,576            2.20


      Total loans and advances to
        customers                        1,806,287         80,455             4.45   1,653,319        80,595            4.87


      Interest income from investments
      Interest income from investments was RMB25.359 billion, increased by RMB914 million or 3.74% as
      compared to that of last year, mainly due to the increase in the average balance of investments of
      19.86% as compared with last year.
032    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis


      (3)      Interest expense
               Interest expenses on customer deposits
               Interest expenses on customer deposits amounted to RMB38.924 billion, representing a decrease of
               RMB755 million or 1.90% as compared to that of last year, primarily due to the Group’s active guidance
               to expand low-cost deposits, and the continuous decrease in the cost of customer deposits. The average
               cost of customer deposits during the reporting period was 2.10%, representing a decrease of 14 basis
               points as compared to that of last year.

                                                                                             In RMB million, except percentages
                                                                  2024                                       2023
                                                     Average       Interest   Average cost     Average         Interest   Average cost
                                                     balance      expense              (%)     balance        expense              (%)


               Corporate deposits and other
                 deposits(1)
               Time                                1,122,027        26,759            2.38      934,897        24,343             2.60
               Demand                                444,222         5,168            1.16      595,299         9,385             1.58
               Subtotal                            1,566,249        31,927            2.04    1,530,196        33,728             2.20


               Personal deposits
               Time                                  233,248         6,894            2.96      188,108         5,789             3.08
               Demand                                 56,084           103            0.18       52,799           162             0.31
               Subtotal                              289,332         6,997            2.42      240,907         5,951             2.47


               Total                               1,855,581        38,924            2.10    1,771,103        39,679             2.24

               Note:

               (1)     Other deposits include remittance payables, temporary deposits and outward remittance, etc.


               Interest expenses on due to banks and other financial institutions
               Interest expenses on due to banks and other financial institutions amounted to RMB13.522 billion,
               representing an increase of RMB1.499 billion or 12.47% as compared to that of last year, primarily due
               to the increase in amount due to banks and other financial institutions.
                                                                                            Annual Report 2024    033




                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis


(4)   Net non-interest income
      During the reporting period, net non-interest income of the Group amounted to RMB22.545 billion,
      representing an increase of RMB6.309 billion or 38.86% as compared to that of last year, and accounting
      for 33.30% of operating income, representing an increase of 7.84 percentage points as compared to that
      of last year, with income structure continuously improved. Among which, the net fee and commission
      income was RMB4.487 billion, representing a decrease of RMB553 million as compared to that of last
      year; while other net non-interest income was RMB18.058 billion, representing an increase of RMB6.862
      billion as compared to that of last year.

      Net fee and commission income

                                                                           In RMB million, except percentages
                                                                                 Amount of          Increase
                                                                                   increase       (decrease)
      Item                                              2024            2023     (decrease)              (%)


      Agency and entrustment service                   2,265           1,849             416            22.50
      Commitment and guarantee service                 1,031           1,435            (404)          (28.15)
      Underwriting and consultation service              928           1,076            (148)          (13.75)
      Settlement and clearing service                    678             725              (47)           (6.48)
      Custodian and fiduciary service                    637             594               43             7.24
      Fee from bank cards                                197             211              (14)           (6.64)
      Others                                             225             253              (28)         (11.07)
      Total fee and commission income                  5,961           6,143            (182)            (2.96)
      Less: fee and commission expense                 1,474           1,103             371            33.64
      Net fee and commission income                    4,487           5,040            (553)          (10.97)

      Net fee and commission income was RMB4.487 billion, representing a decrease of RMB553 million
      or 10.97% as compared to that of last year. Among which, fee income from agency and entrustment
      service was RMB2.265 billion, representing an increase of RMB416 million as compared to that of last
      year, primarily due to the satisfactory income growth maintained in the agency business; fee income from
      commitment and guarantee service was RMB1.031 billion, representing a decrease of RMB404 million
      as compared to that of last year, primarily due to the decreased income of letter of guarantee business;
      income from underwriting and consultation service was RMB928 million, representing a decrease of
      RMB148 million as compared to that of last year, primarily due to the decreased income of the bond
      underwriting business.
034    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis


               Other net non-interest income

                                                                                      In RMB million, except percentages
                                                                                             Amount of          Increase
                                                                                               increase       (decrease)
               Item                                                2024            2023      (decrease)              (%)


               Net trading gains                                 10,771           7,396            3,375           45.63
               Net gains on financial investments                 5,852           2,664            3,188          119.67
               Other operating income                             1,435           1,136              299           26.32
               Total                                             18,058          11,196            6,862           61.29

               Other net non-interest income was RMB18.058 billion, representing an increase of RMB6.862 billion
               or 61.29% as compared to that of last year, primarily due to the satisfactory income of financial assets
               measured at fair value through profit or loss as the Group strengthened the research of market trend and
               the enhancement of professional competence, while seizing the opportunity arising from the decline in
               yield in the bond market.

      (5)      Operating expenses
                                                                                      In RMB million, except percentages
                                                                                             Amount of          Increase
                                                                                               increase       (decrease)
               Item                                                2024            2023      (decrease)              (%)


               Staff costs                                       13,737          12,500            1,237            9.90
               General and administrative expenses                4,642           4,631               11            0.24
               Depreciation and amortization                      2,022           1,895              127            6.70
               Tax and surcharges                                   835             755               80           10.60
               Others                                               692             378              314           83.07
               Total                                             21,928          20,159            1,769            8.78

               Operating expenses amounted to RMB21.928 billion, representing an increase of RMB1.769 billion or
               8.78% as compared to that of last year, primarily due to the facts that the Group fully pushes forward
               the construction of digitization system and reinforced the building of talent teams for financial technology
               and sales. Meanwhile, the Group comprehensively improved its whole-process management capability
               in fiscal charges and constructed an input and output management system, in order to continuously
               optimize the expenditure structure.
                                                                                              Annual Report 2024   035




                                                   Management Discussion and Analysis


(6)   Expected credit losses
                                                                                                 In RMB million
      Item                                                                          2024                  2023


      Deposits with banks and other financial institutions                             (5)                   (6)
      Placements with banks and other financial institutions                           (2)                (215)
      Financial assets purchased under resale agreements                               (4)                  19
      Loans and advances to customers                                              25,829               14,482
      Financial investments                                                         1,904               11,329
      Finance lease receivables                                                       697                  551
      Off-balance sheet items                                                        (433)                (316)
      Other assets                                                                    209                  269
      Total                                                                        28,195               26,113

      Expected credit losses amounted to RMB28.195 billion, representing an increase of RMB2.082 billion or
      7.97% as compared to that of last year, please see “Note VI to Financial Statements – 7 Expected credit
      losses; 25 Allowance for ECLs”.

(7)   Income tax expenses
      The income tax expenses were RMB1.886 billion, representing a decrease of RMB113 million or 5.65%
      as compared to that of last year, and the effective tax rate was 10.73%. For the reconciliation statement
      of the income tax expenses calculated at statutory tax rate and the actual income tax expenses, please
      see “Note VI to Financial Statements – 10 Income Tax Expense”.

(8)   Segment information
      Segment operating results by business line

                                                                             In RMB million, except percentages
                                                               2024                          2023
                                                                      Proportion                    Proportion
      Item                                            Amount                 (%)       Amount              (%)


      Corporate banking                                38,124             56.31         35,482           55.65
      Retail banking                                   12,568             18.57         13,416           21.04
      Treasury operations                              14,001             20.68         12,404           19.45
      Others                                            3,009              4.44          2,462            3.86
      Total operating income                           67,702            100.00         63,764          100.00
036    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis


               Segment operating results by geographic region

                                                                                   In RMB million, except percentages
                                                                     2024                           2023
                                                                            Proportion                     Proportion
               Item                                           Amount               (%)        Amount              (%)


               Yangtze River Delta Region                      39,054           57.69         34,814           54.60
               Bohai Rim Region                                10,228           15.11         11,064           17.35
               Pearl River Delta and Economic Zone on
                 the Western Coast of the Taiwan Straits        6,604            9.75           6,680          10.48
               Midwestern China Region                         11,816           17.45          11,206          17.57
               Total operating income                          67,702          100.00          63,764         100.00

               For details of business segment and regional division, please see “Note VIII to Financial Statements –
               Segment Reporting”.

      2.       Analysis on Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
      (1)      Assets
               As at the end of the reporting period, total assets of the Group amounted to RMB3,325.539 billion,
               representing an increase of RMB181.660 billion or 5.78% as compared to that at the end of last year, of
               which net loans and advances to customers amounted to RMB1,812.684 billion, representing an increase
               of RMB139.412 billion or 8.33% as compared to that at the end of last year. Financial investments
               amounted to RMB1,055.451 billion, representing an increase of RMB54.814 billion or 5.48% as
               compared to that at the end of last year. In terms of the structure, net loans and advances to customers
               accounted for 54.51% of total assets, increased by 1.29 percentage points as compared to that at the
               end of last year, and the financial investments accounted for 31.74% of total assets, decreased by 0.09
               percentage point as compared to that at the end of last year.

               Assets utilization

                                                                                   In RMB million, except percentages
                                                             December 31, 2024               December 31, 2023
                                                                       Proportion                       Proportion
               Item                                          Amount            (%)           Amount            (%)


               Total loans and advances to customers        1,857,116                      1,716,240
               Less: allowance for ECLs of loans(1)            44,432                         42,968
               Net loans and advances to customers          1,812,684           54.51      1,673,272           53.22
               Financial investments(2)                     1,055,451           31.74      1,000,637           31.83
               Cash and balances with central bank            129,691            3.90        164,723            5.24
               Precious metals                                 16,956            0.51          9,756            0.31
               Due from banks and other financial
                 institutions(3)                              137,692             4.14       154,025             4.90
               Other assets                                   173,065             5.20       141,466             4.50


               Total assets                                 3,325,539          100.00      3,143,879          100.00
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024      037




                                                     Management Discussion and Analysis


Notes:

(1)    Allowance for ECL of loans represents allowance made for the loss of loans and advances to customers
       measured at amortized cost.

(2)    The financial investments include financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, financial assets measured at
       amortized cost and financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income.

(3)    Due from banks and other financial institutions include deposits with banks and other financial institutions,
       placements with banks and other financial institutions and financial assets purchased under resale agreements.


Loans and advances to customers
The Group actively implemented the plans of the CPC Central Committee, the State Council and the
regulatory authorities in relation to serving the real economy, adhered to the principle of financial services
for the real economy, proactively practiced the concept of financial services for good, enhanced the
stability and sustainability of credit growth, focused on the “five finances” (五篇大文章), “two priorities and
two new areas” (兩重、兩新) and assets with low sensitivity to economic cycle, continued to strengthen
credit support for national key strategies and areas and weak process, and intensified its development
in our stronghold in Zhejiang Province. As at the end of the reporting period, total loans and advances
to customers of the Group amounted to RMB1,857.116 billion, representing an increase of RMB140.876
billion or 8.21% as compared to that at the end of last year.

Loans and advances to customers structure by business type

                                                                                  In RMB million, except percentages
                                                        December 31, 2024                    December 31, 2023
                                                                  Proportion                            Proportion
Item                                                    Amount            (%)                Amount            (%)


Corporate loans and advances                          1,249,566               67.28        1,128,170               65.74
Personal loans and advances                             478,631               25.77          476,692               27.78
Discounted bills                                        119,200                6.42          102,195                5.95
Changes in fair value through other
   comprehensive income                                     1,224               0.07             1,417               0.08
Interest accrued                                            8,495               0.46             7,766               0.45


Total                                                 1,857,116              100.00        1,716,240              100.00


Corporate loans and advances
The Group continued to solidify its corporate client base by leveraging scenario-based finance and digital
empowerment as key drivers. It fully capitalized on its strengths in liquidity management, distinctive
advantages in supply chain finance, and the benefits of its financial advisory system to enhance unique
competitive edges. With a focus on quality and efficiency, the Group optimized new allocations, refined
management to revitalize existing assets, and promoted the growth of the corporate loan business. As at
the end of the reporting period, total corporate loans and advances amounted to RMB1,249.566 billion,
representing an increase of 10.76% as compared to that at the end of last year.
038    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis


               Personal loans and advances
               The Group further accelerated the development of online and platform-based customer expansion
               channels for its personal banking business. Centered on customer needs and guided by market trends,
               it optimized a tiered benefits system, continuously enriched its product portfolio, strengthened cross line
               collaboration and linkage, continued to optimize the structure of personal loans and promoted the growth
               of the personal loan business. As at the end of the reporting period, total personal loans and advances
               amounted to RMB478.631 billion, representing an increase of 0.41% as compared to that at the end of
               last year.

               Financial investments
               The Group actively engaged in bond investments and dynamically adjusted the structure of its investment
               portfolio on the basis of ensuring liquidity and risk control, thereby enabling the scale of financial
               investments to achieve stable growth. As at the end of the reporting period, total financial investments
               amounted to RMB1,055.451 billion, representing an increase of 5.48% as compared to that at the end of
               last year.

               Financial investment composition

                                                                                      In RMB million, except percentages
                                                               December 31, 2024                December 31, 2023
                                                                         Proportion                        Proportion
               Item                                            Amount            (%)            Amount            (%)


               Fund investments                                 175,096            16.59        147,430            14.73
               Bond investments                                 791,378            74.98        760,103            75.96
               Trust schemes and asset
                  management plans                               99,599             9.44        104,798            10.47
               Other financial investments                        5,150             0.49          5,869             0.59
               Interest accrued                                   9,625             0.91         10,155             1.02
               Allowance for ECLs                               (25,397)           (2.41)       (27,718)           (2.77)


               Total                                          1,055,451          100.00       1,000,637           100.00

               Note: Other financial investments include equity investments, other debt instruments investments, and wealth
                     management products.
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024     039




                                                      Management Discussion and Analysis


(2)   Liabilities
      The Group actively responded to the pressure of narrowing net interest margins in the banking sector
      under the low-interest environment. It fully utilized diversified debt instruments to expand funding sources,
      strengthened debt portfolio management to control costs, as well as supported the transformation and
      high-quality development of the entire industry with low-cost and stable funding. As at the end of the
      reporting period, total liabilities of the Group amounted to RMB3,122.796 billion, representing an increase
      of RMB168.494 billion or 5.70% as compared to that at the end of last year.

      Liabilities Composition

                                                                                 In RMB million, except percentages
                                                         December 31, 2024                 December 31, 2023
                                                                   Proportion                         Proportion
      Item                                               Amount            (%)             Amount            (%)


      Due to central bank                                 77,821              2.49          119,915              4.06
      Customer deposits                                1,922,289             61.56        1,868,659             63.25
      Due to banks and other
        financial institutions                            498,068            15.95          508,441             17.21
      Debt securities issued                              541,533            17.34          395,938             13.40
      Others                                               83,085             2.66           61,349              2.08


      Total liabilities                                3,122,796            100.00        2,954,302           100.00

      Note: Due to banks and other financial institutions include deposits from banks and other financial institutions,
            placements from banks and other financial institutions, and financial assets sold under purchase agreements.


      Customer deposits
      The Group continuously solidified its deposit base and focused on acquiring low-cost deposits through
      scenario-based strategies to optimize the deposit structure, enhance stability and maintain steady
      growth in scale while continuously reducing interest rates. As at the end of the reporting period, balance
      of customer deposits of the Group amounted to RMB1,922.289 billion, representing an increase of
      RMB53.630 billion or 2.87% as compared to that at the end of last year. With respect to customer
      structure, corporate deposits increased by RMB16.001 billion or 1.02%; and personal deposits
      increased by RMB35.112 billion or 13.03%. With respect to term structures, time deposits increased by
      RMB257.260 billion or 22.74%; and demand deposits decreased by RMB206.147 billion or 29.22%.
040    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis


               Structure of our customer deposits by business type
                                                                                 In RMB million, except percentages
                                                            December 31, 2024              December 31, 2023
                                                                      Proportion                      Proportion
               Item                                         Amount            (%)          Amount            (%)


               Corporate deposits
                 Demand                                      434,291          22.59        653,026           34.95
                 Time                                      1,148,911          59.77        914,175           48.92


               Sub-total                                   1,583,202          82.36      1,567,201           83.87


               Personal deposits
                 Demand                                       64,951           3.38         52,363            2.80
                 Time                                        239,681          12.47        217,157           11.62


               Sub-total                                     304,632          15.85        269,520           14.42


               Other deposits                                    372           0.02          4,170            0.22


               Interest accrued                               34,083           1.77         27,768            1.49


               Total                                       1,922,289         100.00      1,868,659         100.00


      (3)      Shareholder’s equity
               As at the end of the reporting period, equity attributable to shareholders of the Bank amounted to
               RMB198.903 billion in total, representing an increase of RMB12.658 billion or 6.80% as compared to
               that at the end of last year. Please see “Financial Statements – Consolidated Statement of Changes in
               Shareholders’ Equity”.
                                                                                            Annual Report 2024   041




                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis



(IV) Analysis of Loan Quality
1.    Loans distribution by risk classification
                                                                          In RMB million, except percentages
                                                     December 31, 2024              December 31, 2023
                                                                Proportion                       Proportion
      Item                                           Amount            (%)          Amount              (%)


      Pass                                          1,777,415          96.15       1,647,378            96.43
      Special mention                                  44,488           2.40          35,083             2.05
      Non-performing                                   25,494           1.38          24,596             1.44
        Substandard                                    11,230           0.61          13,956             0.82
        Doubtful                                       10,503           0.57           7,479             0.44
        Loss                                            3,761           0.20           3,161             0.18
      Changes in fair value through other
        comprehensive income                            1,224            0.07          1,417             0.08


      Sub-total                                     1,848,621         100.00       1,708,474           100.00
      Interest accrued                                  8,495           N/A            7,766              N/A


      Total loans and advances to customers         1,857,116            N/A       1,716,240              N/A

      The overall loan quality of our Group was kept at a stable level. As at the end of the reporting period,
      the pass loans amounted to RMB1,777.415 billion, representing an increase of RMB130.037 billion
      as compared with that at the end of last year. Loans classified as special mention were RMB44.488
      billion, representing an increase of RMB9.405 billion as compared with that at the end of last year,
      and the percentage of loans classified as special mention was 2.40%, representing an increase of
      0.35 percentage point as compared with that at the end of last year. The non-performing loans were
      RMB25.494 billion, representing an increase of RMB898 million as compared with that at the end of last
      year, with a non-performing loan ratio of 1.38%, representing a decrease of 0.06 percentage point as
      compared with that at the end of last year.
042    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis


      2.       Distribution of loans and non-performing loans by business type
                                                                                                    In RMB million, except percentages
                                                              December 31, 2024                                December 31, 2023
                                                                          Amount         Non-                               Amount          Non-
                                                                           of non- performing                               of non-   performing
                                                Amount     Proportion performing loan ratio       Amount     Proportion performing     loan ratio
               Item                             of loans          (%)        loans        (%)     of loans          (%)       loans          (%)


               Corporate loans                 1,249,566       67.59      16,996         1.36   1,128,170        66.04      15,510          1.37
               Personal loans                    478,631       25.89       8,498         1.78     476,692        27.90       9,086          1.91
               Discounted bills                  119,200        6.45           –            –     102,195         5.98           –             –
               Changes in fair value through
                 other comprehensive income       1,224         0.07         N/A         N/A        1,417         0.08         N/A           N/A


               Sub-total                       1,848,621      100.00      25,494         1.38   1,708,474      100.00       24,596          1.44
               Interest accrued                    8,495        N/A          N/A         N/A        7,766         N/A          N/A           N/A


               Total loans and advances to
                 customers                     1,857,116         N/A         N/A         N/A    1,716,240         N/A          N/A           N/A

               As at the end of the reporting period, our corporate non-performing loans amounted to RMB16.996
               billion, representing an increase of RMB1.486 billion as compared with that at the end of last year, with
               a non-performing loan ratio of 1.36%, representing a decrease of 0.01 percentage point as compared
               with that at the end of last year. The personal non-performing loans were RMB8.498 billion, representing
               a decrease of RMB588 million as compared with that at the end of last year, with a non-performing loan
               ratio of 1.78%, representing a decrease of 0.13 percentage point as compared with that at the end of
               last year.
                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2024        043




                                                                   Management Discussion and Analysis


3.   Distribution of loans and non-performing loans by industry
                                                                                                  In RMB million, except percentages
                                                         December 31, 2024                                    December 31, 2023
                                                                      Amount           Non-                                 Amount          Non-
                                                                       of non-   performing                                 of non-   performing
                                           Amount     Proportion performing       loan ratio     Amount     Proportion performing      loan ratio
     Item                                  of loans          (%)         loans          (%)      of loans           (%)       loans          (%)


     Corporate loans                      1,249,566       67.59        16,996          1.36    1,128,170        66.04       15,510          1.37
       Manufacturing                        273,221       14.78         4,007          1.47      239,911        14.04        1,971          0.82
       Leasing and commercial services      267,267       14.46         2,967          1.11      240,018        14.05        4,804          2.00
       Wholesale and retail trade           191,741       10.37         4,268          2.23      201,420        11.79        1,925          0.96
       Real estate                          186,133       10.07         2,885          1.55      177,749        10.40        4,408          2.48
       Construction                          74,814        4.05           659          0.88       68,798         4.03          816          1.19
       Administration of water
         conservancy, environment and
         public facilities                  68,991          3.73           44          0.06      63,377          3.71           15          0.02
       Financing                            42,009          2.27           52          0.12      19,593          1.15            –             –
       Accommodation and Catering           18,460          1.00           74          0.40      15,328          0.90          195          1.27
       Transportation, storage and
         postal service                     17,314          0.93        1,101          6.36      15,144          0.89         1,029         6.79
       Mining                               16,611          0.90            –             –      14,757          0.86             –            –
       Electricity, heat, gas and water
         production and supply              14,403         0.78            88          0.61      12,835          0.75            37         0.29
       Others(1)                            78,602         4.25           851          1.08      59,240          3.47           310         0.52
     Personal loans                        478,631        25.89         8,498          1.78     476,692         27.90         9,086         1.91
     Discounted bills                      119,200         6.45             –             –     102,195          5.98             –            –
     Changes in fair value through
       other comprehensive income            1,224          0.07          N/A           N/A        1,417         0.08          N/A           N/A


     Sub-total                            1,848,621      100.00        25,494          1.38    1,708,474      100.00        24,596          1.44
     Interest accrued                         8,495        N/A            N/A          N/A         7,766         N/A           N/A           N/A


     Total loans and advances to
       customers                          1,857,116         N/A           N/A           N/A    1,716,240         N/A           N/A           N/A

     Note:

     (1)     Others include various industries such as public administration and social organization; culture, sports and
             entertainment; information transmission, computer service and software; agriculture, forestry, animal husbandry
             and fishery; household services and other services; scientific research, technology services and geological
             exploration; education; health, social security and social welfare.

     In 2024, adopting a “prudent and solid” risk appetite and adhering to the principle of “small and
     diversified” credit granting, the Group was committed to serving the real economy with the vision of
     being a “first class commercial bank”. Following the concept of “financial services for good”, the Group
     invigorated customer-oriented, comprehensive and coordinated reform by focusing on scenarios,
     improving investment and research capabilities, strengthening the credit-guidance, optimizing the asset
     allocation and strengthening the customer base to safeguard the high-quality development of the Bank.
044    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis


      4.       Distribution of loans and non-performing loans by geographic region
                                                                                                     In RMB million, except percentages
                                                               December 31, 2024                                December 31, 2023
                                                                           Amount         Non-                               Amount          Non-
                                                                            of non- performing                               of non-   performing
                                                 Amount     Proportion performing loan ratio       Amount     Proportion performing     loan ratio
               Item                              of loans          (%)        loans        (%)     of loans           (%)      loans          (%)


               Yangtze River Delta Region        991,127        53.62      16,115         1.63    903,104         52.86      10,589          1.17
               Midwestern China Region           367,401        19.87       3,487         0.95    333,316         19.51       4,541          1.36
               Bohai Rim Region                  257,185        13.91       3,137         1.22    269,494         15.78       5,505          2.04
               Pearl River Delta and Economic
                 Zone on the Western Coast of
                 the Taiwan Straits              231,684        12.53       2,755         1.19    201,143         11.77        3,961         1.97
               Changes in fair value through
                 other comprehensive income        1,224         0.07         N/A         N/A        1,417         0.08         N/A           N/A


               Subtotal                         1,848,621      100.00      25,494         1.38   1,708,474      100.00       24,596          1.44
               Interest accrued                     8,495        N/A          N/A         N/A        7,766         N/A          N/A           N/A


               Total loans and advances to
                 customers                      1,857,116         N/A         N/A         N/A    1,716,240         N/A          N/A           N/A

               Based on a continuous tracking of the development trends in the macro economy and the industry, and
               taking into account economic characters of various regions, the Group continued to optimize the regional
               credit allocation to enhance the competitiveness of key regions, actively prevent regional risks and
               support regional development.
                                                                                                                Annual Report 2024        045




                                                             Management Discussion and Analysis


5.   Distribution of loans and non-performing loans by security type
                                                                                          In RMB million, except percentages
                                                    December 31, 2024                                December 31, 2023
                                                                Amount         Non-                               Amount          Non-
                                                                 of non- performing                               of non-   performing
                                      Amount     Proportion performing loan ratio       Amount     Proportion performing     loan ratio
     Item                             of loans          (%)        loans        (%)     of loans           (%)      loans          (%)


     Mortgage loans                   813,467        44.00      15,617         1.92    752,103         44.02      14,309          1.90
     Pledged loans                     69,066         3.74         711         1.03     61,147          3.58         320          0.52
     Guaranteed loans                 377,355        20.41       3,538         0.94    326,813         19.13       4,316          1.32
     Unsecured loans                  468,309        25.33       5,628         1.20    464,799         27.21       5,651          1.22
     Discounted bills                 119,200         6.45           –            –    102,195          5.98           –             –
     Changes in fair value through
       other comprehensive income       1,224         0.07         N/A         N/A        1,417         0.08         N/A           N/A


     Subtotal                        1,848,621      100.00      25,494         1.38   1,708,474      100.00       24,596          1.44
     Interest accrued                    8,495        N/A          N/A         N/A        7,766         N/A          N/A           N/A


     Total loans and advances to
       customers                     1,857,116         N/A         N/A         N/A    1,716,240         N/A          N/A           N/A

     The secured loan structure of the Group basically remained stable. As at the end of the reporting period,
     the mortgage loans had a relatively high percentage; the mortgage loans balance was RMB813.467
     billion, representing an increase of RMB61.364 billion compared with that at the end of last year; the
     balance of non-performing loans among mortgage loans was RMB15.617 billion, with the non-performing
     loan ratio of 1.92%, representing an increase of 0.02 percentage point compared with that at the end of
     last year.
046    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis


      6.       Top ten borrowers
                                                                                       In RMB million, except percentages
               Top ten borrowers              Industry                                      Amount       Proportion (%)


               A                              Information transmission, software and         10,685                 0.58
                                                 information technology services
               B                              Real estate                                     5,733                 0.31
               C                              Real estate                                     4,964                 0.27
               D                              Real estate                                     3,976                 0.22
               E                              Leasing and commercial services                 3,840                 0.21
               F                              Real estate                                     3,055                 0.17
               G                              Manufacturing                                   2,979                 0.16
               H                              Information transmission, software and          2,899                 0.16
                                                 information technology services
               I                              Financing                                       2,874                 0.16
               J                              Manufacturing                                   2,615                 0.14


               Total                                                                         43,621                 2.36

               As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of loans to the single largest borrower of the Group
               was RMB10.685 billion, representing 4.10% of the Group’s net capital. The total loans to our top ten
               single borrowers amounted to RMB43.621 billion, representing 16.75% of the net capital of the Group.

      7.       Overdue loans
                                                                                       In RMB million, except percentages
                                                          December 31, 2024                    December 31, 2023
               Overdue period                             Amount    Proportion (%)             Amount      Proportion (%)


               Overdue by 1 day to 90 days                  12,399              0.67             8,271              0.49
               Overdue by 90 days to one year               12,615              0.68            12,813              0.75
               Overdue by one year to three years            7,554              0.41             5,782              0.34
               Overdue by more than three years                943              0.05               920              0.05


               Total                                        33,511              1.81            27,786              1.63

               As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of overdue loans amounted to RMB33.511 billion,
               representing an increase of RMB5.725 billion as compared with that at the end of last year. Specifically,
               loans overdue by more than 90 days amounted to RMB21.112 billion, representing an increase of
               RMB1.597 billion as compared with that at the end of last year.
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024    047




                                                      Management Discussion and Analysis


8.    Renegotiated loans
      The Group conducted strict and prudent control over loan renegotiation. As at the end of the reporting
      period, the Group’s total renegotiated loans and advances amounted to RMB12.875 billion, representing
      an increase of RMB5.902 billion as compared with that at the end of last year. Among them, total
      renegotiated loans and advances that were overdue by more than 3 months amounted to RMB1.528
      billion, representing an increase of RMB1.148 billion as compared with that at the end of last year.

9.    Movements in the expected credit loss (“ECL”) allowance on loans
                                                                                                     In RMB million
      Item                                                                                                Amount


      Balance at the beginning of the period                                                               44,910
      Charge for the period                                                                                25,829
      Unwinding of discount on allowance for ECLs                                                              (94)
      Write-offs                                                                                          (12,852)
      Transfer out                                                                                        (14,644)
      Recoveries of loans and advances previously written off                                               2,389
      Impact of exchange rate fluctuations                                                                      13


      Balance at the end of the period(1)                                                                  45,551

      Note:

      (1)     Includes provision made for the loss of loans and advances to customers measured at amortized cost and
              measured at fair value through other comprehensive income.


(V)   Capital Management
      In accordance with the relevant provisions of the Administrative Measures for the Capital of Commercial
      Banks (No. 4 Order [2023] of National Financial Regulatory Administration) (
                                                                                《商業銀行資本管理辦法》(國家
      金融監督管理總局令2023年第4號)), the measurement range of the Group’s capital adequacy ratio covers
      credit risk, market risk and operational risk. Among them, credit risk-weighted assets were measured
      by using weight method, and market risk-and operational risk-weighted assets were measured by using
      standardized approach. The Pillar 3 Information Disclosure Report 2024 of China Zheshang Bank Co.,
      Ltd. (《浙商銀行股份有限公司2024年度第三支柱信息披露報告》) is available for inspection on the website
      of the Bank ( www.czbank.com).
048    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis


               As at the end of the reporting period, capital adequacy ratio of the Group was 12.61%, tier-one capital
               adequacy ratio was 9.61%, core tier-one capital adequacy ratio was 8.38%, and leverage ratio was
               5.11%, all of which met regulatory requirements.

               Capital adequacy ratio (the Group)
                                                                                   In RMB million, except percentages
                                                                                December 31,          December 31,
               Item                                                                    2024                  2023


               Net core tier-one capital                                               173,172              159,789
               Other tier-one capital                                                   25,364               25,312
               Net tier-one capital                                                    198,536              185,102
               Tier-two capital                                                         61,904               51,856
               Net capital base                                                        260,441              236,958
               Risk-weighted assets                                                  2,065,287            1,943,402
               Among which: credit risk-weighted assets                              1,924,753            1,810,583
                              market risk-weighted assets                               22,553               22,155
                              operational risk-weighted assets                         117,981              110,663
               Minimum capital requirement (%)                                            8.00                 8.00
               Reserve capital and countercyclical capital requirement (%)                2.50                 2.50
               Additional capital requirement (%)                                            –                    –
               Core tier-one capital adequacy ratio (%)                                   8.38                 8.22
               Tier-one capital adequacy ratio (%)                                        9.61                 9.52
               Capital adequacy ratio (%)                                                12.61                12.19


               Leverage ratio (the Group)
                                                                                   In RMB million, except percentages
                                                                                December 31,          December 31,
               Item                                                                    2024                  2023


               Net tier-one capital                                                    198,536              185,102
               Adjusted asset balance inside and outside the balance sheet           3,885,727            3,715,031
               Leverage ratio (%)                                                         5.11                 4.98
                                                                                   Annual Report 2024   049




                                            Management Discussion and Analysis


As at the end of the reporting period, capital adequacy ratio of the Company was 12.61%, tier-one
capital adequacy ratio was 9.60%, core tier-one capital adequacy ratio was 8.35%, and leverage ratio
was 5.02%, all of which met regulatory requirements.

Capital adequacy ratio (the Company)
                                                                  In RMB million, except percentages
                                                                December 31,         December 31,
Item                                                                   2024                 2023


Net core tier-one capital                                             166,402               153,990
Other tier-one capital                                                 24,995                24,995
Net tier-one capital                                                  191,397               178,984
Tier-two capital                                                       59,865                50,126
Net capital base                                                      251,262               229,111
Risk-weighted assets                                                1,992,742             1,878,285
Among which: credit risk-weighted assets                            1,855,223             1,748,917
               market risk-weighted assets                             22,360                22,155
               operational risk-weighted assets                       115,159               107,213
Minimum capital requirement (%)                                          8.00                  8.00
Reserve capital and countercyclical capital requirement (%)              2.50                  2.50
Additional capital requirement (%)                                          –                     –
Core tier-one capital adequacy ratio (%)                                 8.35                  8.20
Tier-one capital adequacy ratio (%)                                      9.60                  9.53
Capital adequacy ratio (%)                                              12.61                 12.20


Leverage ratio (the Company)
                                                                  In RMB million, except percentages
                                                                December 31,         December 31,
Item                                                                   2024                 2023


Net tier-one capital                                                  191,397               178,984
Adjusted asset balance inside and outside the balance sheet         3,812,789             3,650,203
Leverage ratio (%)                                                       5.02                  4.90
050    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis



      (VI) Other Financial Information Disclosed in Accordance with
           Regulatory Requirements
      1.       Balance and status of off-balance sheet items that may have a significant impact on
               the financial position and operating results
               The Group’s off-balance sheet items include commitments and contingencies and others. Specifically,
               commitments and contingencies include credit commitments and financial guarantee, capital expenditure
               commitments, bond underwriting and redemption commitments, outstanding litigations and disputes,
               etc., among which credit commitments and financial guarantee serves as the uppermost component. As
               at the end of the reporting period, balance of the Group’s credit commitments and financial guarantee
               amounted to RMB836.775 billion. For details of commitments and contingent liabilities, please see “Note
               IX to Financial Statements”.

      2.       Status of overdue debts
               As at the end of the reporting period, the Group had no overdue debts.
                                                                                              Annual Report 2024    051




                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis



(VII) Risk Management
1.   Comprehensive risk management system
     Adopting a “prudent and solid” risk appetite and adhering to the principle of “small and diversified” credit
     granting, under the guidance of the vision of being “a first-class commercial bank”, the Company is
     committed to serving the real economy, following the concept of finance for good, and viewing scenario
     as the core. We keep improving investment and research capabilities, strengthening the credit-guidance,
     optimizing asset allocation, and strengthening customer bases. The Company also strengthens the
     risk prediction, enhances the risk management of the whole process and the risk control of key areas,
     consolidates credit foundation management, and improves post-loan monitoring system and mechanism.
     We also strictly control the risk of new business and accelerate the disposal of existing risk assets to
     maintain stable asset quality, deepen the application of financial technology to improve the digital risk
     control system, create an intelligent risk control system to continuously enhance the ability of forward-
     looking identification and control of risks. The Company endeavors to promote the transformation of risk
     control logic from gatekeeping to accompanying, aiming to enhance the ability to manage, guide and
     control risk management, thus safeguarding the high-quality development of the Bank as a whole.

     The Board of Directors takes the ultimate responsibility for comprehensive risk management; the
     Supervisory Committee is responsible for supervision of comprehensive risk management; and the Senior
     Management is responsible for implementing comprehensive risk management. The Company establishes
     the position of chief risk officer. The Senior Management has established special committees including
     the Risk Management and Internal Control Committee, Asset and Liability Management Committee,
     Credit Review Committee, Financial Asset Risk Classification Review Committee and Business Continuity
     Management Committee.

     The Risk Management Department at our head office is the coordination department for comprehensive
     risk management and the leading executive department for management of the credit risk, market risk
     (excluding interest rate risk of banking book), country risk and information technology risk. The Asset and
     Liability Management Department at our head office is the leading executive department for management
     of the interest rate risk of banking book and liquidity risk. The Internal Control and Compliance and
     Legal Affairs Department at our head office is the leading executive department for operational risk,
     compliance risk and outsourced risk management. The Publicity Department of the Party Committee at
     our head office is the leading executive department for reputational risk management. The Development
     and Planning Department at our head office is the leading executive department for strategic risk
     management.

     The Company assigns risk monitoring officers to certain departments at our head office according to
     comprehensive risk management needs. Risk monitoring officers help leading officers of accrediting
     departments organize comprehensive risk management. They are independent of such departments
     in making business judgment and reporting on risk issues. The Company assigns to its branches risk
     monitoring officers, who help presidents of such branches organize comprehensive risk management
     with a focus on credit risk management, strengthen the supervision and evaluation of risk management
     of branches and are independent of such branches and directly report to our head office. They make
     business judgment and report on risk issues independently.
052    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis


      2.       Credit risk management
               Credit risk refers to the risk of the Company suffering from losses due to defaults of debtors or
               counterparties or a decline in their credit. The Company’s credit risk primarily lies in on – and off-balance
               sheet business, including loans, inter-bank lending, bond investments, bill acceptances, letters of credit,
               letters of guarantee and special purpose vehicle investments.

               The objectives of our credit risk management are to control our credit risk within a reasonable range
               acceptable to us and maximize comprehensive benefits across the Bank denominated in local currency
               and adjusted with respect to risks.

               The Company’s credit risk management system consists of the Board of Directors, the Supervisory
               Committee, the Senior Management, the Risk Management and Internal Control Committee, the Credit
               Review Committee of the head office, the Credit Review Committee of the branches, the Credit Review
               Teams of sub-branches, the Risk Management Department of the head office and other credit risk control
               departments, Business Operation and Management Departments, Technology Management Department,
               Audit Department, branches, sub-branches and subsidiaries. The Senior Management is responsible for
               implementing and organizing the credit risk management as well as the formulation and implementation
               of systems and policies relating to credit risk management.

               The Company formulates credit policies based on changes in external operating environment, internal
               operating and risk conditions. Such policies expressly set out guidance on certain aspects of our credit
               business, such as customer structure, industry structure, product structure, regional structure and key
               strategic areas. In addition, the Company adjusts its credit policies in due course based on a continuous
               tracking of the development trends in the macro economy and the industry. In the face of the complex
               and volatile economic environment at home and abroad, where opportunities and challenges coexist, the
               Company comprehensively promotes customer-centered comprehensive collaborative reform, adheres
               to a “prudent and solid” risk appetite, insists on taking the real economy as the focus and growth point
               of the business of granting assets, and gives full play to the new competitive advantages of integrated
               synergies among the five business segments, namely, large retail, large corporations, large investment
               banks, large capital management and large cross-border business, and continues to push forward on the
               customer base, effectively applies the “CSGS”, and consolidates the cornerstone of the credit business,
               takes the primary strategy of “deepening the development in Zhejiang”, enhance the competitiveness of
               key regions. We insist on intelligent risk control, highlight precise credit risk identification and forward-
               looking prevention and resolution, strictly control new non-performing products, and comprehensively
               optimize the structure of credit assets.

               The Bank classifies its financial assets in accordance with the criteria set forth in the “Measures for
               Classification of Financial Assets Risks of Commercial Banks” (《商業銀行金融資產風險分類辦法》), taking
               into account factors such as the debtor’s ability to perform, willingness to repay, and repayment record;
               the risk classification process of the Company’s financial assets implements a five-tiered procedure of
               “initial classification, review, examination, deliberation, and approval”.

      (1)      Credit risk management for corporate customers
               The Company conducts a unified credit management of corporate customers, and determines maximum
               comprehensive credit lines and business credit lines for customers based on comprehensive evaluation
               of customers and according to certain standards and procedures.

               The Company strictly complies with regulatory requirements and puts loans (including trade financing),
               bill acceptances and discounting, overdrafts, bond investments, special purpose vehicle investments,
               opening letters of credit, factoring, guarantees, loan commitments and other businesses where credit
               risks are essentially borne by the Company under our unified credit extension management. In the full
               coverage of various types of credit businesses, the Company continues to improve the credit risk limit
               indicator system, and reasonably determines limit indicators of single corporate customers and group
               customers.
                                                                                               Annual Report 2024    053




                                                   Management Discussion and Analysis


      The Company continuously enhances the construction of our credit system, formulates a unified credit
      quota management system for our corporate customers, intensifies our comprehensive management and
      unified control of the total credit quota amount of our corporate customers, improves standardized and
      normalized credit approval procedures, authorization system and position risk accountability mechanism,
      adjusts our credit policies in time and takes effective measures to prevent credit risks.

      The Company further improves the concentration risk management, formulates the concentration risk
      management related systems, clarifies the responsibilities allocation and main methods of concentration
      risk management, and continues to promote the construction of concentration risk management.

      The Company continuously enhances the management of credit risks related to financing platforms
      of local governments, strictly complies with various policies and regulatory requirements of the State
      Council and the Financial Administration on financing platforms of local governments, makes dynamic
      adjustments to credit strategies, and further optimizes the credit business structure of financing platforms
      to prevent credit risks that may arise from local governments’ financing platforms; steadily resolves
      the existing debts of financing platforms, strictly controls the debt increase of financing platforms,
      standardizes and promotes the exit of financing platforms, and promotes the implementation of local
      debt risk resolution.

      The Company continuously enhances the management of real estate loan risks. The Company engages
      in real estate related credit business prudently, and adjusts our credit extension orientation for the real
      estate industry in a duly manner according to national policy and industrial operation situation. The
      Company sets credit limits for loans we grant to the customers in the real estate industry and adopts the
      name list system management, and continuously adjusts and optimizes the asset structure, as well as
      strengthens the monitoring and management of risks relating to existing loans.

(2)   Credit risk management for small and micro enterprises
      The Company conducts unified credit extension management for small and micro enterprise customers,
      and integrates all types of credit business of small and micro enterprise customers into our unified credit
      extension management. The Company actively explores a professionalized operating model, continuously
      improves our management system and further combs out and standardizes the procedures and
      requirements for credit extension to gradually cultivate a featured and standard credit extension model of
      the Company.

      The Company continuously strengthens the management of credit risks of small and micro enterprise
      business. In conjunction with regional and business development, it has constructed a differentiated
      control mechanism, optimized the operating procedures of the credit business of small and micro
      enterprises, improved the risk control system in the three segments of pre-credit, credit and post-
      credit, and made use of the big data risk control model to identify, assess and classify the risks, while
      strengthening the risk management requirements and enhancing the proactivity of risk control, so as to
      continuously improve the credit risk management and control system for the credit business of small and
      micro enterprises.
054    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis


      (3)      Credit risk management for retail customers
               The personal loans of the Company are mainly based on security and supplemented by guaranteed
               credit. The Company sets differentiated entry standards according to customer groups, integrates the
               financial, financing and contract performance of individual customers, and makes use of a big data risk
               control model to conduct quantitative and qualitative analyses to evaluate risks. Through the centralized
               approval mechanism at the head office, which is a combination of automated and manual approvals,
               the Company comprehensively, dynamically, and prudently provides or changes and adjusts the credit
               proposal; and through measures such as post-loan management, risk monitoring, overdue collection, and
               non-performing disposal, the Company manages and disposes of risks to reduce losses and lower risks.

               The Company has established a full-process digital risk management system for credit card (consumer
               finance) business, including pre-credit access, loan monitoring and post-loan warning, implemented
               unified credit management for credit card (consumer finance) customers, and formulated credit operation
               procedures for credit card (consumer finance) business. Combined with the risk characteristics of
               regions, industries and customer groups, the Company has formulated differentiated and localized risk
               control management strategies to continuously strengthen the risk management of credit card (consumer
               finance) business.

      (4)      Credit risk management for financial institution customers
               The Company includes financial institution customers in unified credit management. The Company has
               formulated unified management measures and relevant operating procedures for the unified line of credit
               of financial institution customers, improved a series of systems and procedures for the investigation,
               examination and approval of unified credit extension to financial institution customers.

               The Company’s business with financial institution customers involving customer credit risk is covered
               in our unified credit extension management. When conducting business, the Company will draw up the
               customers’ credit lines in accordance with relevant policies.

      3.       Market risk management
               Market risk refers to the risk of losses of on – and off-balance sheet business arising from unfavorable
               changes in market prices including interest rates, exchange rates, stock prices and commodity prices.
               Market risk can be divided into interest rate risk, exchange rate risk, stock risk and commodity risk. The
               term “market risk” in this section refers specifically to market risk other than interest rate risk of banking
               book (for the interest rate risk of banking book, please refer to the relevant content of “7. Interest rate
               risk management of banking book” below).

               The objectives of our market risk management are to control our market risks within a reasonable range
               acceptable to us and maximize comprehensive benefits across the Bank denominated in local currency
               and adjusted with respect to risks.

               The Company’s market risk management system consists of the Board of Directors, the Supervisory
               Committee, Senior Management, Risk Management and Internal Control Committee, Risk Management
               Department, Capital Operation Center, Audit Department, other departments, as well as branches,
               subbranches and subsidiaries. The Senior Management is responsible for implementing and organizing
               the market risk management, overseeing the implementation of market risk appetite as well as formulating
               and carrying out relevant systems and policies for market risk management and establishing market risk
               management information system, so as to ensure the Company can effectively identify, measure, monitor
               and control a series of market risks borne by various businesses.
                                                                                                Annual Report 2024    055




                                                   Management Discussion and Analysis


     The market risk measurement methods adopted by the Company include duration analysis, foreign
     exchange exposure analysis, scenario analysis, sensitivity analysis, Value at Risk (VaR) measurement
     etc., and the measures taken by the Company to control market risks include, among others, limit
     management, hedging, reducing risk exposures etc. The Company has established a market risk
     management system pursuant to the relevant measures of the regulatory authority. The Company has
     formulated market risk management policies and procedures applicable to the nature, scale, complexity
     and risk features of its business and aligned such policies and procedures with its overall business
     development strategy, management capabilities, capital strength and overall risk level that can be borne
     by the Company.

     The Company regularly updates and improves its market risk appetite and limit management system,
     continues to improve the market risk management systems and market risk measurement systems.
     The Company conducts market risk measurement, monitoring and routine management by using the
     independent market risk management platform. The Company values positions of our trading book on
     a daily basis, continuously monitors non-stop-loss limits and stop-loss limits, and regularly evaluates
     market risks through stress testing and other methods.

4.   Liquidity risk management
     Liquidity risk refers to the risk of failure to obtain adequate funds in time at reasonable costs to repay
     debts when they are due, perform other payment obligations and meet other capital needs in the ordinary
     course of business. Factors affecting liquidity risks are divided into external factors and internal factors.
     External factors include domestic and foreign financial conditions, macroeconomic regulation policies,
     depth and width of developments of financial markets and the competition status of the banking industry.
     Internal factors include maturities of assets and liabilities, business structures, stability of deposits, and
     market financing capacity and various unexpected events, etc.

     The objectives of our liquidity risk management are to ensure our liquidity needs can be satisfied in time
     at reasonable costs and to control our liquidity risks within a reasonable range acceptable to us.

     The Company’s liquidity risk management system consists of the Board of Directors, the Supervisory
     Committee, Senior Management, Risk Management and Internal Control Committee, Asset and Liability
     Management Committee, Risk Management Department, Asset and Liability Management Department,
     Capital Operation Center, Audit Department, Technology Management Department and other operation
     and management departments of the head office, as well as branches, sub-branches and subsidiaries.
     The Senior Management is responsible for implementing and organizing the liquidity risk management as
     well as the formulation and implementation of relevant systems and policies for liquidity risk management.

     The Company managed the liquidity risk in a centralized manner. By establishing a scientific and
     complete liquidity risk management system, the Company can effectively identify, measure, monitor,
     control and report its liquidity risk, continuously strengthen liquidity risk management, and continue
     to improve the foresight and initiative of liquidity management. Specific measures for liquidity risk
     management include: paying close attention to both domestic and foreign macroeconomic and political
     situations and market liquidity changes, as well as adjusting our asset and liability management strategy
     in a timely manner; strengthening debt management, making flexible use of active debt instruments,
     actively broadening long-term sources of fund, promoting bond issuance and continuously increasing
     the proportion of stable liabilities; driving the diversification of financing channels construction and
     actively expanding financing channels while maintaining good relations with major financing counterparts;
     strengthening the management of high quality liquid assets to ensure that the size of high quality liquid
     assets matches the potential financing needs of the whole bank, and enhance its ability to mitigate
     liquidity risk; strengthening the early-warning monitoring and management of liquidity, optimizing our
     emergency response program for liquidity risk and conducting emergency drills on a regular basis;
     conducting stress tests for liquidity risk on a quarterly basis, identifying weak links in the Company’s
     liquidity risk management based on results of such tests, adjusting liquidity risk management strategies
     if necessary, and modifying our liquidity risk management measures in a timely manner to improve our
     liquidity risk management mechanism. The results of the stress test indicate that the Group’s liquidity risk
     is within a manageable range under various scenario stress assumptions.
056    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis


               As at the end of the reporting period, the Company’s total liquidity ratio of the local currencies and
               foreign currencies was 90.49%. Our liquidity coverage ratio was 333.26%, among which, high quality
               liquid assets amounted to RMB382.938 billion, and the net cash outflows over the next 30 days was
               RMB114.907 billion. The Company’s net stable fund ratio was 110.31%, among which, stable fund
               available was RMB1,795.464 billion and stable fund required was RMB1,627.668 billion.

               As at the end of the reporting period, the Group’s total liquidity ratio of the local currencies and foreign
               currencies was 90.36%. Our liquidity coverage ratio was 322.75%, among which, the high-quality
               liquid assets amounted to RMB382.938 billion, and the net cash outflows over the next 30 days was
               RMB118.649 billion. The relevant information on the net stable fund ratio of the Group in the last two
               quarters was set out below:

                                                                   Currency: combined of domestic and foreign currency
                                                                                       Stable fund           Stable fund
                                                                 Net stable               available             required
                                                                 fund ratio          (in 100 million       (in 100 million
               Date                                                     (%)                of RMB)               of RMB)


               As at December 31, 2024                               108.22             18,209.10              16,826.29
               As at September 30, 2024                              109.06             18,248.46              16,733.08

      5.       Operational risk management
               Operational risk refers to the risk of losses that may be incurred due to problematic internal procedures,
               personnel and information technology systems, as well as external events, including legal risks but
               excluding strategic risks and reputational risks. Types of incidents of losses due to operational risks
               that the Company may expose to mainly include seven categories, i.e. internal fraud incidents, external
               fraud incidents, employment systems and safety incidents at working places, incidents related to clients,
               products and business activities, damage to real property, incidents related to information technology
               system and incidents related to execution, closing and procedure management.

               The Company’s operational risk management system consists of the Board of Directors, the Supervisory
               Committee, Senior Management, Risk Management Department, Internal Control and Compliance
               and Legal Affairs Department, Asset and Liability Management Department, Audit Department, other
               departments of the head office, as well as branches, sub-branches and subsidiaries. The Company
               adopts a three-lines-of-defence based management framework for operational risk management under
               the leadership of the Board of Directors, the Supervisory Committee and Senior Management. The
               Board of Directors takes the ultimate responsibility for operational risk management, and the Supervisory
               Committee is responsible for supervision of operational risk management. The Senior Management
               undertakes the responsibility of implementing operational risk management, and is responsible for
               organizing the formulation and implementation of all basic systems and relevant management measures
               for operational risk management, clarifying the duties of and requirements for all departments and
               institutions, setting operational risk preferences and their transmission mechanisms, and reasonably
               allocating sufficient resources, etc.

               The objectives of our operational risk management are to “effectively prevent operational risks, reduce
               losses and enhance the ability to respond to internal and external events, so as to ensure stable business
               operations”. The Company has established an operational risk management system which was matched
               with our business nature, scale and complexity to exercise a whole-process management of operational
               risks. The Company takes the enhancement our internal control as an effective mean for operational
               risk management, and develops unified procedures to identify, evaluate, monitor, measure and control/
               mitigate the operational risks.
                                                                                             Annual Report 2024    057




                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis


     During the reporting period, adhering to the operational risk management principles of “prudence,
     comprehensiveness, matching performance and effectiveness”, the Company adjusted its management
     strategies and priorities in due time according to the operating strategy and management philosophy
     of the Company as well as changes in external financial situations, to continuously implement the
     requirements of the regulatory departments on operational risk management and operational risk capital
     measurement; comprehensively reinforced the organizational structure of operational risk management,
     perfected the basic system for operational risk management and refined the hierarchy of systems for
     operational risk management; extended the application of tools for operational risk management to
     enhance our capabilities of identifying and mitigating operational risk; developed measures for outsourcing
     risk management to perfect outsourcing risk management system; strengthened management resource
     allocation and established a professional team for operational risk management; optimized the functions
     of information system to intensify the support from digital-intelligent empowerment; actively prevented
     and mitigated legal risks, and carried out legal publicity and education; strengthened professional
     competence of staff, deeply rooted operational risk prevention awareness in mind and launched
     various business training and cultural promotion activities; as well as strengthening safety and security
     management and implementing safety and security work at important points to eliminate potential risks
     hazards in a timely manner. During the reporting period, the Company’s operational risk management
     systems operated stably and the operational risk was generally under control.

6.   Country risk management
     Country risk refers to the risk incurred due to any economic, political or social change and incident in a
     country or region which results in the debtors in such country or region being unable or refusing to repay
     their debts or results in any losses to the business presence of the Company in such country or region or
     any other losses to the Company.

     The objectives of our country risk management are to control our country risk within a reasonable range
     acceptable to us and maximize comprehensive benefits across the Bank denominated in local currency
     and adjusted with respect to risks.

     The Company’s country risk management system consists of the Board of Directors, the Supervisory
     Committee, Senior Management, Risk Management Department, Development and Planning
     Department, Planning and Finance Department, International Business Department, Capital Operation
     Center, Retail Credit Department, Credit Card (Consumer Finance) Department and other business
     operation and management departments of the head office, Technology Management Department and
     Audit Department, as well as branches, sub-branches and subsidiaries. The Senior Management is
     responsible for implementing and organizing the country risk management as well as the formulation and
     implementation of relevant systems and policies for country risk management.

     The Company continuously advances the country risk management work pursuant to the relevant
     measures of the regulatory authority. The Company has formulated basic country risk management
     systems, quota management measures and schemes, clarified the organizational structure and division
     of responsibilities, limit framework, management mechanism, etc., with respect to country risk limit
     management, and set the index and threshold of country risk limits. We regularly assess and monitor the
     country risks.
058    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis


      7.       Interest rate risk management of banking book
               Interest rate risk in the banking book refers to the risk of losses in the economic value and overall gain
               of the banking book arising from adverse changes in interest rate levels and term structure etc., mainly
               including gap risk, benchmark risk and option risk.

               The objectives of our interest rate risk management of banking book are to control our interest rate
               risk of banking book within a reasonable range acceptable to us and reduce fluctuations in net interest
               income and economic value of banking book to maximize the comprehensive benefits across the Bank.

               The Company’s interest rate risk management system of banking book consists of the Board of
               Directors, the Supervisory Committee, Senior Management, Risk Management and Internal Control
               Committee, Asset and Liability Management Committee, Risk Management Department, Planning and
               Finance Department, Asset and Liability Management Department, Capital Operation Center, Audit
               Department and other operation and management departments of the head office, as well as branches,
               sub-branches and subsidiaries. The Senior Management is responsible for implementing the interest rate
               risk management of banking book, establishing the framework for interest rate risk management and the
               system for measurement of interest rate risk of banking book, and promoting the effective implementation
               of relevant systems and policies for interest rate risk management of banking book.

               The Company measures and evaluates our interest rate risk of banking book mainly through repricing
               gap analysis, sensitivity analysis, scenario simulation analysis, stress test etc. During the reporting period,
               the Company paid close attention to macroeconomic environment and monetary policy adjustment, and
               in light of the strategic orientation and business development needs in industry, dynamically adjusted
               industry-wide repricing gap, optimized the asset and liability structure and proactively employed
               hedging instruments to manage and control interest rate risk. As at the end of the reporting period, the
               Company’s interest rate risk in the banking book was controlled within its risk management and control
               objectives and the interest rate risk in the banking book was generally under control.

      8.       Reputational risk management
               Reputational risk refers to the risk of negative evaluation of the Company by stakeholders, the public
               and the media as a result of the Company’s behavior, the conduct of its employees or external events,
               thereby damaging the Company’s brand value, adversely affecting the Company’s normal operation and
               even affecting market stability and social stability.

               Reputational risk management refers to the establishment of a whole-process reputational risk
               management system covering various processes such as prior assessment, risk monitoring, classification
               and evaluation, response and disposal, information reporting, assessment and accountability, and
               evaluation and conclusion, in order to achieve the objectives of reputational risk management and build
               up a good social image of the Company, which enables the realization of a closed loop of reputational
               risk management, and also contributes to promoting the daily management of reputational risk from
               the aspects of risk identification and inspection, emergency drills, joint mechanism, social supervision,
               accumulation of reputation capital, internal audit and interbank collaboration.
                                                                                               Annual Report 2024    059




                                                   Management Discussion and Analysis


     The objectives of our reputational risk management are to correctly handle news and public opinions on
     us, public relations and our relationships with customers, actively and effectively prevent reputational
     risks and respond to reputational events, so as to minimize the losses and negative impacts caused by
     such events on the Company, interested parties and the public. The Company has included reputational
     risk management in its corporate governance and comprehensive risk management system.

     The Company’s reputational risk management system consists of the Board of Directors, the Supervisory
     Committee, Senior Management, Risk Management and Internal Control Committee, Publicity Department
     of the Party Committee, General Executive Office, the Board Executive Office, Risk Management
     Department, other relevant departments of the head office, as well as branches, sub-branches and
     subsidiaries. The Senior Management is responsible for managing and organizing the reputational risk
     management across the Bank as well as the formulation and improvement of relevant systems and
     policies for reputational risk management of the Company.

     During the reporting period, the Company attached equal importance to disseminating positive
     messages and public opinion management, focused on front-end research, evaluation, identification
     and investigation, improved internal institutional mechanisms and optimized emergency response
     processes. By actively conducting hidden danger identification, developing response plans, and
     strengthening monitoring and response, the Company has been able to constantly strengthen whole-
     process reputational risk management, accumulate abundant reputation capital and build a solid defense
     line of high-quality development. Meanwhile, the Company takes serving the overall interests as its own
     responsibility, and centering on “enhancing the social value of finance”, the Company issued continuous
     reports focusing on “financial services for good”, “deepening the development in Zhejiang”, performance
     highlights and service for the “five finances”, representing the call for “finance for people” has been
     launched, which contributed to the fact that the Company’s brand image is deeply rooted in everyone’s
     hearts.

9.   Strategic risk management
     Strategic risk refers to the risk arising from any improper operational strategy or change in the external
     business environments, including improper strategic design, inappropriate strategic implementation and
     inapplicable stated strategy as a result of changes in the internal and external environments.

     The objective of our strategic risk management is to control our strategic risk within a reasonable range
     acceptable to us by continuously improving the strategic risk management system.

     The Company’s strategic risk management system consists of the Board of Directors, the Supervisory
     Committee, Senior Management, Risk Management and Internal Control Committee, Risk Management
     Department, Development and Planning Department, Audit Department, Technology Management
     Department, other relevant departments of the head office, as well as domestic and foreign branches,
     sub-branches and subsidiaries.

     Adhering to the principle of “clear responsibilities, proactive prevention, overall evaluation and
     timely adjustment”, the Company constantly improves and refines the strategic risk management
     system suitable for the scale and features of its business, and has realized effective management of
     strategic risks. Main management measures include: guided by the thought of Socialism with Chinese
     Characteristics in the new era of Xi Jinping, proactively practicing the political and people-oriented nature
     of the financial work, taking the vision of being “a first – class commercial bank” as the leading role,
     focusing on the “three first-class” target, practicing financial services for good, strengthening intelligent
     operation, building CZBank into a bank with strong cultural atmosphere, intensifying the development of
     the five-word ecosystem, namely “integrity, simplicity, professionalism, cooperation and honesty”, and
     continuously promoting the strategy of “deepening the development in Zhejiang” guided by customer-
     oriented, comprehensive and coordinated reform, thereby starting a new journey of high-quality
     development.
060    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis


      10.      Compliance risk management
               Compliance risk refers to the risk of legal sanctions, regulatory penalties, significant financial losses and
               reputational losses that may result from the failure to comply with laws, rules and standards.

               The objectives of our compliance risk management are to establish a sound compliance risk management
               framework and promote the development of a comprehensive risk management system which enables us
               to operate in a lawful and compliant manner.

               The Company’s compliance risk management system consists of the Board of Directors, the Supervisory
               Committee, Senior Management, Risk Management and Internal Control Committee, Risk Management
               Department, Internal Control and Compliance and Legal Affairs Department, Audit Department, other
               relevant departments of the head office as well as branches, sub-branches and subsidiaries. The Senior
               Management is responsible for implementing and organizing the compliance risk management as well as
               the formulation and implementation of each basic system and policy for compliance risk management.

               During the reporting period, the Company paid close attention to the changes in the economic and
               financial situation, conscientiously pursued various national policies and regulatory requirements, clarified
               the compliance management plan, solidly promoted the implementation of various internal control and
               compliance management initiatives to continuously improve its compliance risk management quality
               and effectiveness. The Company launched the “Year of Compliance Image Enhancement” activities
               on a regular basis, continuously implemented the compliance commitment system, strengthened the
               reporting of typical cases, and reinforced employee warning education, so as to promote the internal
               control and compliance requirements to be turned into convictions in our minds and reflected in our
               actions. It continued to improve the rules and regulations system, advance digital construction of
               system management, while strengthening system implementation and supervision and evaluation. With
               the issue-oriented approach, the Company strengthened internal supervision, inspection and problem
               rectification to effectively manage and control compliance risks. Adhering to technological empowerment,
               the Company has embedded compliance management requirements into business management system
               as far as possible, thereby enhancing the levels of informatization and intelligence of compliance
               management. Adhering to the people first principle, the Company has accelerated the establishment of
               the “comprehensive consumer protection” working system, thus realizing organic unification between
               customer protection and health and sustainable development of business.

      11.      Large exposure administration
               According to the Measures for the Administration of the Large Exposures of Commercial Banks (No.
               1 Order [2018] of Former CBIRC (《商業銀行大額風險暴露管理辦法》 (原中國銀保監會2018年第1號令)),
               large exposure means the exposure of a commercial bank to a single client or a group of connected
               clients exceeding 2.5% of its net tier 1 capital. The Company has established a sound mechanism
               for the administration of large exposures, continued to improve the functions of the large exposure
               administration system, and commenced the measurement, monitoring and reporting of large exposures in
               an orderly manner. As of the end of the reporting period, all indicators of the Company’s large exposures
               were in compliance with the regulatory limits.
                                                                                              Annual Report 2024   061




                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis


12.   Information technology risk management
      Information technology risk refers to any operational, legal and reputational risk arising from natural
      factors, human factors, technical bugs and management defects in connection with the application of
      information technologies by the Company.

      The objectives of our information technology risk management are to control our information technology
      risk within a reasonable range acceptable to us, promote business innovation, enhance application level
      of information technology, and intensify core competence and sustainable development capability.

      The Company’s information technology risk management system consists of the Board of Directors,
      the Supervisory Committee, Senior Management, Chief Information Officer (CIO), Risk Management and
      Internal Control Committee, data governance committee, information technology management committee,
      business continuity management committee, cyber security leadership team, digital reform promotion and
      leadership committee, the Risk Management Department, Internal Control and Compliance and Legal
      Affairs Department, Technology Management Department, Audit Department, other relevant departments
      of the head office as well as branches, sub-branches and subsidiaries. The Senior Management is
      responsible for implementing and organizing the information technology risk management as well as
      organizing the formulation and implementation of relevant systems and policies for information technology
      risk management.

      The Company has established a relatively well-organized information technology risk management
      mechanism and process system, and comprehensively formulated relevant system processes
      and implementation rules in accordance with the ISO20000, ISO22301, ISO27001 and ISO27701
      management system and regulatory requirements; established relatively well-organized systems for
      business continuity management, information technology outsourcing risk management, network security
      management, data security management, information technology services management etc. and a
      relatively well-standardized information technology risk monitoring and assessment mechanism.

      During the reporting period, the Company advanced high-quality digital reform strategy by improving
      information technology governance system, strengthening elastic supply of digital infrastructure, fully
      releasing the value of data elements and intensifying the leading role of technological innovation;
      reinforced system construction for network security operation, data security governance and personal
      information protection, while accelerating innovation, research, application and practice of network and
      data security relying on the “CZBank Network Security Innovation Workshop” and “Innovation Alliance”, in
      order to enhance the protection for technology security; continued to carry out monitoring, assessment,
      measurement, control and reporting of the operational risks of important information systems, in
      order to improve the quality and efficiency of intelligent operation and maintenance works; continued
      to improve the disaster preparedness system of “multiple centres in two cities” so as to expand the
      coverage of intra-city dual-active and off-site disaster preparedness, and enhance the tolerance for fault
      and availability of information systems; continued to promote emergency management, enhance the
      effectiveness of emergency plan and carry out long-cycle surprise drills operated in rotation and on a
      weekly basis, aiming to enhance the true abilities of intra-city disaster preparedness system to take over
      production and operate on a normal basis. During the reporting period, the system has operated stably
      without significant information technology risks occurring.
062       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis


      13.         Anti-money laundering management
                  The Company has improved the money laundering risk management mechanism under the
                  comprehensive risk management framework in accordance with the anti-money laundering laws and
                  regulations, including the Anti-money Laundering Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和
                  國反洗錢法》), the Administrative Measures for Anti-money Laundering and Counter-terrorist Financing
                  of Financial Institutions in the Banking Sector (《銀行業金融機構反洗錢和反恐怖融資管理辦法》) and
                  the Guidelines for the Management of Money Laundering and Terrorist Financing Risks for Corporate
                  Financial Institutions (for Trial Implementation) (《法人金融機構洗錢和恐怖融資風險管理指引(試行)》), in
                  order to further solidify the foundation of anti-money laundering works and continuously improve the
                  quality and effectiveness of anti-money laundering management.

                  During the reporting period, the Company has strictly complied with the laws and regulations on anti-
                  money laundering, seriously fulfilled its legal obligations and social responsibilities in anti-money
                  laundering. The Company has organized self-assessment of money laundering risks and optimized anti-
                  money laundering mechanisms; strengthened customer money laundering risk management to improve
                  the effectiveness of customer identification; prepared monitoring reports for large and suspicious
                  transactions and improved the suspicious transaction monitoring model; developed a new generation
                  of anti-money laundering system and created a strengthened due diligence platform to enhance the
                  level of digitization; built an anti-money laundering data pool and deepened anti-money laundering data
                  governance to improve data quality; strengthened the monitoring and control of high-risk businesses
                  and high-risk customers and provided business risk warnings to relevant departments and strengthened
                  anti-money laundering supervision and risk identification; organized anti-money laundering publicity and
                  training, and actively cooperated with anti-money laundering investigations and co-inspections to comply
                  with all regulatory requirements in respect of anti-money laundering.

      (VIII) BUSINESS SUMMARY
                  During the reporting period, the Bank was guided by the vision of being a “first-class commercial bank”,
                  practiced financial services for good, adhered to intelligent operation, deepened the four strategic
                  priorities, and comprehensively carried out customer-oriented collaborative reforms. By rendering
                  wholehearted services for the real economy and promoting inclusive finance, the Bank further created
                  and developed the new development pattern for the synergistic development of the five major business
                  segments, namely “great retail, great corporate, great investment banking, great asset management, and
                  great cross border”

      1.          Great Retail Segment
      (1)         Retail Business
                  During the reporting period, the Company adhered to intelligent management and consolidating
                  the customer base, focused on building eight major customer bases such as the payroll agency
                  customers, the silver-haired customers and the platform customers, and simultaneously constructed
                  and enhanced the customer service system featuring different levels and categories; We explored
                  cooperation on platform traffic attraction, expanded new model of scenario-based operation for new
                  customer acquisition, and launched a platform of scenario-based customer acquisition model with
                  co-branded debit cards as carriers; In addition, we carried out online operations, realized the value
                  mining and enhancement of existing customer bases, effectively enhancing the online presence of the
                  base customers. During the reporting period, the Company achieved significant results in building its
                  retail customer base. As at the end of the reporting period, the Company had 11,665,400 individual
                  customers1 (including debit and credit card customers), representing an increase of 20.75% over the
                  beginning of the year.



      1
             This figure does not include online loan customers. As at the end of the reporting period, the Company had a total of
             28,385,500 retail customers.
                                                                                          Annual Report 2024   063




                                                Management Discussion and Analysis


①   Individual Deposits and Loans Business
    During the reporting period, the Company made great efforts to expand the base of individual customers,
    actively broadened the sources of low-cost funds, continuously optimized the structure of individual
    deposits and reduced the interest payment cost of individual deposits. As at the end of the reporting
    period, the Company’s individual deposits balance was RMB304.632 billion, representing an increase
    of 13.03% from the beginning of the year. The proportion of individual deposits to customer deposits
    has increased by 1.4 percentage points. Among which, the balance of individual current deposits was
    RMB64.951 billion, an increase of 24.04% from the beginning of the year, exceeding the overall growth
    rate of individual deposits. The interest payment level of individual deposits showed a downward trend
    compared to the previous year, and the deposit structure was effectively improved.

    During the reporting period, our company strictly implemented real estate credit policies to support the
    residents’ demand for rigid and improved housing, and continuously optimized business processes and
    approval procedures to provide efficient services to homebuyers and maintain the steady development
    of our mortgage business. As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of personal housing loans
    of our company was RMB168.136 billion, an increase of 21.97% compared to the end of the previous
    year. Our company has launched new products such as personal pledge loans, parking space loans,
    and car purchase loans based on customers’ scenario-based financing needs. On the basis of the retail
    credit “cloud series” product system, we continued to enrich our products and continuously improve our
    comprehensive customer service capabilities.

    As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of personal credit of the Company (including personal
    housing loans and personal consumer loans) amounted to RMB285.541 billion, which was stable
    compared with that at the beginning of the year.

②   Wealth Management
    During the reporting period, the Company increased the market-oriented talent acquisition, intensified
    investment in strategic resources such as technological resources, research resources and management
    resources. Adhering to financial services for good, we improved our market position, strengthened
    customer base collaboration services and build comprehensive financial service capabilities, proactively
    transforming to a wealth management buy-side service model with customer-oriented.

    Our company adheres to the principle of investing in research and development first, adapts to market
    trends and changes in customer risk preferences, accelerates the pace of products refinement and
    innovation, and achieved excellent performance in agency products. Highly recommended product
    categories such as wealth management agency, standard bond trusts and asset management had
    stable returns and outstanding achievement rates. The performance of most recommended public funds
    exceeded the average level of their respective categories. We have launched a new agency business of
    US dollar wealth management services and achieved a breakthrough from zero in QDLP sales through
    cooperation with top global asset management institutions, fully meeting our customers’ demands for
    global asset allocation. Relying on the Wealth Management Research Institute, we actively promote
    the construction of investment research infrastructure, and formed a 24/7 research empowerment
    matrix covering topics such as policy interpretation, industry analysis, market hotspot tracking, and
    asset allocation at quarterly, monthly, weekly, and daily frequencies. Digitization empowerment and
    1+N investment advisory empowerment go hand in hand. The first phase of the digital wealth platform
    has been launched, focusing on the wealth ecosystem loop of “understanding products, markets and
    configurations, having scenarios, companionship and processes”. It has initially built six functional
    modules including a diversified asset portfolio allocation system and a product research center. We
    established a dedicated investment advisory empowerment and companionship mechanism for 1+N
    sub-regions, conveying rich market analysis, product inspection, after-sales management and other
    information to branch offices and customers, and creating a wealth management brand with first-class
    influence.
064    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis


               The Company’s wealth management agency business increased at a moderate rate. As at the end of the
               reporting period, the retained scale of wealth management retail distribution amounted to RMB188.37
               billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 13.7%.

      ③        Private Banking
               During the reporting period, by adhering to the philosophy of “passing of wealth and wisdom for
               sustainable development”, the Company’s private banking business provided three-dimensional financial
               services and featured value-added services for individuals and their family of private banking customers
               as well as their career development. The Company continuously promotes the construction of the six
               major systems including private banking customer base, products, rights and benefits, team, assessment
               and service. With the vision of building a first-class commercial bank, the Company has established an
               advanced pattern of private banking operation to create a leading digital intelligent private banking mode.

               Through optimizing the management structure of the private banking business of the Company and
               strengthening professional training and qualification certification, the Company has created a private
               banking team with high quality and professional competency. We have improved the staff assessment
               and realized visual assessment of teams including private banking account managers, investment
               advisors and branch management teams with digital systems. At the same time, we have built a
               customer rights and benefits system of private banking “with distinctive features that is recognized by
               clients”, based on the eight major themes of “food, clothing, housing, utilities, transportation, medical
               care, education, and entertainment”. We have fulfilled the Company’s service concept of “financial
               services for good” and improved the private banking service system through the 1+N financial consultant
               modes to empower financial service. Meanwhile, we have built a multi-strategy and full range of private
               banking products, including cash management, fixed income, equity and non-standard products, based
               on the clients’ diversified needs of asset allocation in order to enhance the experience of private banking
               clients. Through the construction of six systems, namely customer base, products, rights and benefits,
               team, assessment and service, we have built an influential private banking brand for CZBank.

               As at the end of the reporting period, the Company had 14,533 private banking customers, representing
               an increase of 19.2% as compared to the beginning of the year; the financial asset balance of the private
               banking customers amounted to RMB205 billion, representing an increase of 11.9% as compared to the
               beginning of the year.

      ④        Credit Card (Consumer Finance) Business
               During the reporting period, the Company proactively responded to the national policy of consumption
               stimulation to innovate products and services by focusing on the diversified financial needs of daily
               consumption scenarios of “clothing, food, housing, transportation and entertainment”, constantly
               innovated products, optimized service mode and intensified the layout for automobile consumption
               scenarios and accelerated the brand development of “small and smart” credit card of CZBank.
                                                                                                             Annual Report 2024      065




                                                             Management Discussion and Analysis


           We continue to enrich the credit card products by issuing red salary cards (紅薪卡), Zhongran co-
           branded cards (中燃聯名卡), Tencent Dungeon and Warrior co-branded cards (騰訊地下城與勇士),
           Tuhu co-branded cards (途虎聯名卡), Yangtze River Delta themed cards (長三角主題卡), etc., and set
           differentiated exclusive rights for different customer bases to enhance service adaptability. We also
           deepened the “Red Monday” (紅動) series of brand activities, and carried out a series of discount
           promotion activities such as 1-cent coffee and bubble tea special offer, enjoy discount for travel, spend-
           and-save discount, installment-based discount, and interest-free installments through mainstream
           payment channels such as WeChat and Alipay to enrich customer card privileges; In addition, we
           strengthened cooperation with UnionPay, carried out cashback promotions for cross-border consumption
           with credit cards and offer spend-and-save discounts to expand the overseas consumption sector.
           Focusing on the full lifecycle of credit card customers, we have implemented Standard Operating
           Procedures (SOPs) for key customer journey stages, such as activation promotion, card binding
           promotion, and activity promotion, to enhance customer management effectiveness. We grasped the
           development trend of the new energy vehicle industry and vigorously promoted the installment purchase
           business to support the steady growth of automobile consumption.

           As at the end of the reporting period, the Company had issued a total of 4,423.5 thousand credit cards,
           representing an increase of 195.1 thousand credit cards from the beginning of the year; balance of credit
           card (consumer finance) loans amounted to RMB33.377 billion, representing an increase of RMB2.842
           billion from the beginning of the year.

(2)        Small Enterprises Business
           During the reporting period, the Company has deeply practiced the concept of “financial services for
           good”, continuously increased support for the inclusive finance field, bravely acted as a pioneer and
           practitioner in the inclusive finance field, continuously innovated inclusive finance products and services,
           improved the coverage, accessibility, and satisfaction of inclusive finance services, and fully supported
           the healthy and sustainable development of small and micro enterprises.

           As at the end of the reporting period, all domestic branches of the Company have launched small and
           micro enterprise loan services, with balance of inclusive small and micro enterprise loans1 of RMB355.425
           billion, representing an increase of RMB35.298 billion or 11.03% from the beginning of the year. Interest
           rates for newly issued inclusive small and micro enterprise loans fell by 73 BPs year-on-year with 1.32%
           non-performing ratio of inclusive small and micro enterprise loans.

           Adhere to the concept of “financial services for good” and consolidate the customer base. The
           Company has deeply practiced the concept of “financial services for good”, promoted comprehensive
           and collaborative reforms with customer-oriented, in order to transform from “hunting style operation” to
           “farming style companionship”, formed a joint force to provide comprehensive services to customers. The
           customer base has been consolidated, and customer stickiness has significantly increased. In 2024, the
           number of inclusive small and micro enterprise loan customers continued to grow, reaching 152,700 as
           at the end of the reporting period, an increase of 12,900 from the beginning of the year. Meanwhile, all
           important indicators such as credit loans and agriculture-related loans have met the regulatory targets.



1
      According to the regulatory assessment criteria of the National Financial Regulatory Administration for inclusive small
      and micro enterprise loans, both “inclusive small and micro enterprise loans” and “total loans” exclude data related to bill
      discounting and rediscounting.
066    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis


               Carry out intelligent operation and comprehensively promote scenario based digital
               transformation. Firstly, vigorously expand financial services of differentiated scenarios. Focusing on
               general financial scenarios such as “government cooperation, supply chain, small and micro industrial
               parks, and equipment renewal,” the Company penetrated various target industries and integrated into
               the production and operation scenarios and links of target customer groups, providing differentiated
               and customized financing solutions to meet the diverse financial service needs of customers. Secondly,
               established a benchmark for comprehensive financial services in small and micro industrial parks. The
               Company fully leveraged its advantages in the financial service scenario of small and micro industrial
               parks, promoted a full lifecycle product series such as mortgage loans, rental loans, replacement loans,
               equipment loans, payroll loans, and auction loans for small and micro park customers, and enhanced
               the application of various financial service products. As at the end of the reporting period, the Company
               has developed 2,542 park projects, the balance of mortgage loans to small and micro industrial parks
               and industrial real estate amounted to RMB89.521 billion, representing as increase of RMB22.204 billion
               from the beginning of the year. Thirdly, build the “CZBank Digital Inclusive” brand. On the basis of the
               framework for the “1+1+N” integrated digital product and service system digital easy loan (數易貸), digital
               technology loan (數科貸), and digital cooperation projects (數字化合作專案), the Company built the “good
               digital loan”(善數貸) product system. It has established a digital intelligent marketing system, created a
               new channel for mass customer acquisition and constructed digital marketing scenarios, in order to build
               the “CZBank Digital Inclusive” brand.

               Leverage the regional advantages and deeply implement the “deepening Zhejiang development”
               strategy. Firstly, accelerate the promotion of intra-county comprehensive financial ecological
               construction. The Company prioritized the replication of the Jinfubao-small and micro (金服寶•小微)
               experience from Linping in Zhejiang Province. The financial advisory team delved into local small and
               micro market entities, adopting a service model of “one visit, regular follow-up, and long-term service”.
               After thorough research, we actively innovated and designed financial products and services tailored to
               the needs of local small and micro market entities. As at the end of the reporting period, the Company
               has launched 66 customized products such as common prosperity loans for Longyou pigs (龍遊生
               豬), Jiangshan intelligent manufacturing (江山智造) and Sanmen green crab (三門青蟹) in Zhejiang
               Province. “CZBank’s Common Prosperity Loan” (浙銀共富貸) products had balance of RMB13.713
               billion, representing an increase of RMB2,375 million from the beginning of the year, and served 8,098
               customers, representing an increase of 1,572 customers from the beginning of the year. Secondly,
               continue to deepen cooperation between banks and governments. Through strengthening cooperation
               with the Zhejiang Provincial Market Supervision Administration and the Provincial Individual Workers
               Association, the Company released the “Zhe gehao • digital easy loan” (浙個好•數易貸) to provide
               special credit financing services for branded homestays, intangible cultural heritage individual businesses,
               etc. It deepened the promotion of industrial upgrading cooperation led by government and applied digital
               technology loan (數科貸) to supply chain finance scenarios such as Taizhou numerical control machine
               tool industry brain and Ningbo intelligent home appliance industry brain.
                                                                                             Annual Report 2024    067




                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis


2.   Great Corporate Segment
     Corporate business
     Anchoring the vision of becoming a “first-class commercial bank” and adhering to the concept of financial
     services for good, the Company has deeply implemented the four strategic priorities, consolidated the
     foundation, strengthened management, and forged features, promoted the comprehensive and synergetic
     reform with customer-oriented. We made every effort to promote the high-quality development of the
     business sectors of great companies, continued to serve key customers, focused on main businesses,
     and intensified development in key regions, continuously improving our ability to serve the real economy.

     Customer-oriented, promoting dual-growth in customer base and scale. Being customer-oriented,
     the Company has established a tiered and categorized service mechanism for corporate clients. Focusing
     on the four elements of “customer + product + scenario + market”, we have created a scenario-based
     marketing service model. This model matches differentiated service plans and resource allocation to
     effectively meet customer needs. Through a variety of measures, we have achieved growth in customer
     base and scale. As at the end of the reporting period, the Company had served over 260,000 clients,
     representing an increase of 14.92% compared to the beginning of the year. The balance of RMB-
     dominated corporate assets on-balance sheet amounted to RMB1,015.845 billion, an increase of
     RMB75.6 billion or 8.04% compared to the beginning of the year.

     Serve real customer base and assist in the transformation and development of the manufacturing
     industry. The company is committed to serving the real economy, strengthening policy support, and
     driving product innovation. We have intensified our series of explorations on CSGS evaluation system,
     which aims to provide effective financial support for the transformation and development of manufacturing
     enterprises. In 2024, manufacturing loans maintained steady growth. As at the end of the reporting
     period, the balance of the Bank’s manufacturing loans amounted to RMB273.221 billion, an increase of
     RMB33.31 billion from the beginning of the year.

     Serve the construction of Zhejiang base camp and ensure financial support in the province.
     The Company is steadily advancing the strategy of “Intensified Development in Zhejiang”, continuously
     strengthening cooperation of government-bank and bank-enterprise. By leveraging financial advisors
     as a bond to enhance service capabilities, we are facilitating the implementation of major projects
     and providing precise support for high-quality development in Zhejiang Province. As at the end of the
     reporting period, the Company served 1,432 customers in the list of four major projects in Zhejiang
     Province, including provincial key construction, major manufacturing industry, “thousand projects, trillion
     investment” (千項萬億) and “hundred billion scale technological upgrade” (千億技改), with a financing
     balance of RMB92.1 billion.
068    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis


               Continuously upgrade supply chain finance digitalization to create differentiated service
               advantages. The Company continues to upgrade its supply chain digital intelligence of finance service
               by integrating supply chain finance services into the entire production and transaction landscape of the
               industrial chain, fully utilizing its professional capabilities and digital means, and creating a “whole chain,
               full landscape, all products” supply chain financial service solution through the four major innovations
               of process restructuring, credit innovation, technological empowerment, and service leapfrogging. At
               present, the Company has formed characteristic and differentiated supply chain finance solutions in
               power, energy, new energy vehicle, modern communications, aerospace and electronic information,
               etc. As at the end of the reporting period, the Company has served over 3,500 digital supply chain
               projects, with cumulative financing exceeding RMB700 billion. It has served over 70,000 upstream and
               downstream customers, of which 75% are small and micro enterprises under inclusive finance.

               Focus on developing new quality productive forces, deliver an outstanding performance on
               “technology finance”. The company has positioned the development of technology finance as an
               important strategy for the bank. We have strengthened supporting policies and resource allocation to
               continuously increase support for key areas of technology finance. We have iterated and upgraded the
               system for technology finance, innovated mechanisms such as sci-tech innovation bonus point loan and
               talent bank scoring cards, enhancing service quality and efficiency. As at the end of the reporting period,
               we have served 30,712 technology enterprises, with a financing balance of RMB367.4 billion, and served
               3,925 high-level talents, with a financing balance of RMB34.5 billion.

      3.       Great Investment Banking Segment
      (1)      Investment banking business
               The investment banking business adhered to its essential principle of serving the real economy. With
               two strategic focuses of financial services for good and intelligent operation, it focused on differentiated
               operation and deep cultivation of the industry to consolidate the product base and stimulate the revenue
               potential of traditional investment banking. Leveraging on the four major industry centers and adhering to
               the customer-oriented philosophy, it further promoted the transformation and development of industrial
               investment banking, with positive results achieved for the high-quality development of investment
               banking.

               During the reporting period, the Company used its investment banking products to serve 1,332 clients,
               including central state-owned enterprises and private enterprises, representing an increase of 7.6%
               over the same period last year. The investment banking realized FPA of RMB572.7 billion, representing
               an increase of 5.1% over the same period last year, including bond underwriting of RMB177.7 billion;
               contribution from the credit enhancement business of RMB5.6 billion, maintaining the first place in
               the market; as the first bank in the market to promote resale business in a systematic manner, the
               Company launched resale business of RMB145.86 billion, with a participating share of RMB20.05 billion,
               outperforming its peers in the market; credit assets turnover of RMB14 billion; and, in terms of asset
               building, major assets placement of RMB67 billion.
                                                                                              Annual Report 2024    069




                                                   Management Discussion and Analysis


      Focusing on the “1233” strategy of value assets to comprehensively deepen the transformation and
      development of investment banking. Firstly, we have promoted the three major transformations to
      achieve matrix innovation. We focused on value assets, built transaction scenarios, mainly provided trade
      matchmaking and M&A financing services to buyers and sellers, and became “the catcher of business
      opportunities, the provider of solutions and the integrator of ecosystem resources”. We shifted from
      the simple product application to the customer-oriented comprehensive financial services of stock,
      debt, credit and matchmaking, leveraged on the functional differences of the market tools to solve key-
      point problems of customers and overcome the “low price” bottleneck of serving quality customers, and
      increased benefits with comprehensive professional services. Secondly, we sought breakthrough with
      four directions and achieved initial results in terms of customer access and development.

      The charity trust opens the entrepreneur’s independent and perceptive charity model innovation. We
      proactively visited trust companies, law firms and other professional institutions with extensive practical
      experience in the field of charitable trust, expanded the charitable financial ecosystem, and empowered
      enterprises to do good deeds. Charitable trust has gradually shown its mettle in the charity sector, which
      has effectively promoted two important forces of finance and entrepreneurs to achieve the two-way
      running for common prosperity.

(2)   Financial market business
      During the reporting period, domestic and international markets were significantly driven by
      macroeconomic events, with asset price trends exceeding market expectations and experiencing multiple
      sharp fluctuations in the short term. The Company has effectively responded to the new situations and
      circumstances by continuously improving its trading capabilities, and steadily advancing the construction
      of investment and research capabilities. During the reporting period, the bank actively improved its
      service efficiency for the real economy and enhanced its customer service capabilities in financial market
      businesses. We have continued to strictly implement various risk management measures for financial
      market businesses to ensure the stable development of our business.

      In the local currency market, during the reporting period, the Company actively fulfilled its market-
      making responsibilities by providing high-quality quotes and customer services for various products.
      The Company has maintained a high level of activity in several niche areas, including credit bond
      repurchase and sale, and interest rate derivatives. We have innovatively integrated bond market-making
      with digitalization, steadily enhancing our market position. Our company is one of the first 10 pilot banks
      authorized to conduct counter bond business for financial institutions. In 2024, we intensified investments
      in national and local bonds, providing strong support for high-quality economic development. During
      the report period, the Company accumulatively underwrote local bonds in Zhejiang of RMB40.34 billion,
      ranking first in the province. During the report period, the Company had outstanding influence in the
      inter-bank local currency market and won awards such as “Market Influential Institution of the Year
      among Interbank Local Currency Market Members” (銀行間本幣市場成員年度市場影響力機構), “Market
      Innovation Business Institution among the Inter-Bank Local Currency Market Members” (銀行間本幣市場
      成員市場創新業務機構) and “The Most Popular Credit Bonds Market-Maker in the Inter-Bank Market”(銀
      行間最受市場歡迎的信用債做市商) from China Foreign Exchange Trading System (中國外匯交易中心).
070    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis


               In the foreign currency market, the Company insists on providing competitive quotations to the market,
               enhancing its capability in serving the real economy and helping customers improve their exchange
               rate risk management level. During the reporting period, the Bank became one of the first seven joint-
               stock banks obtained the trading qualification in the FTZ (Free Trade Zone) from CFETS (China Foreign
               Exchange Trade System), and won a number of important institutional awards, including the “Member
               Award for Excellent Service Enterprise Exchange Rate Risk Management” (優秀服務企業匯率風險管
               理會員獎), “Excellent Foreign Currency Exchange Offering Quotation Bank” (優秀外幣拆借報價行),
               “Excellent Foreign Currency Exchange Offering Member” (優秀外幣拆借會員), Excellent Foreign Currency
               Repurchase Member”(優秀外幣回購會員) and “Excellent Post-Trade Service Support Organization” (優秀
               交易後服務支援機構).

               In respect of precious metals business, the Company’s market-making operations maintains an industry-
               leading position. During the reporting period, the Company ranked first in gold inquiry-based market-
               making attempts in the interbank market, first in silver proprietary trading among bank institutions at
               the Shanghai Gold Exchange, and second in the overall ranking for silver futures market-making at the
               Shanghai Futures Exchange.

               In respect of digitalization, during the reporting period, the Company continued to deepen its digitalization
               capability construction, with remarkable effect in supporting investment, trading, research, sales and risk
               management, and significant progress has been made in the digitalization of FICC operations.

      (3)      Financial institution business
               The Company actively leverages the “goodness” and “intelligence” in our genes to enhance customer
               services, thoroughly implements the strategic concepts of financial services for good and intelligent
               operation, accelerates the synergistic reform with customer-oriented, and enriches the service scenarios
               of synergistic cooperation for peer customer groups, transforms from traditional financial product
               cooperation to integrated services with customer-oriented. We will accompany our customers to achieve
               high-quality development together.

               Solidly promote interbank asset-liability business. The Bank enhances market research and judgment and
               improves its investment research capabilities in respect of standardized asset investment, to effectively
               serve the Bank’s high-quality clients in real economy enterprises; Meanwhile, it has accelerated the band
               construction of “Common Benefit” (同有益) and upgraded the financial alliance of “Common Benefit” to
               provide one-stop integrated services to financial institution clients, with cumulative transaction volume
               exceeding RMB800 billion on the platform as at the end of reporting period. During the reporting period,
               the Bank was awarded the “2024 Pioneering Contribution Institution (Collateral Business)” (2024 年度“擔
               保品業務卓越先鋒機構”) by China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited. The client base
               of interbank liabilities continues to expand, and the interest payment rates have been reduced effectively.
               In 2024, the interest payment rate for RMB interbank liabilities decreased by 19 basis points year-on-
               year.

               Carry out the issuance of financial bonds for our bank. During the reporting period, the Bank successfully
               issued RMB40 billion of small and micro financial bonds, RMB13 billion of ordinary financial bonds
               and RMB10 billion of tier 2 capital bonds, and actively explored the use of low-cost, long-term capital
               to better serve the real economy. During the reporting period, the Bank was awarded the “2024
               Outstanding Financial Debts Issuing Institution” (優秀金融債發行機構) by China Securities Depository and
               Clearing Corporation Limited.
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024     071




                                                       Management Discussion and Analysis


(4)   Bill business
      Against the backdrop of adjustments to the capital management rules and narrowing net interest margins, the
      bill-related business line has fully practiced the concepts of financial services for good and intelligent operation
      to serve the high-quality development of real economy.

      In 2024, the Bank’s total discount volume exceeded RMB500 billion, a year-on-year growth of 49%; of which,
      the discount volume of commercial bill exceeded RMB300 billion for the first time and ranked second in the
      whole market.

      In 2024, the Bank was successfully approved to connect to the supply chain bill platform of the Shanghai
      Commercial Paper Exchange and became the first legal person bank in Zhejiang Province to access the
      supply chain bill platform, further enhancing its capabilities to serve the real economy through bill services. We
      upgraded and launched the Intelligent Bill Steward (票據智管家), which was selected as an annual innovative
      case of bill business by the Payment and Clearing Association. We optimized the customer interface with new
      features, and promoted comprehensive management of enterprise bills to improve customer experience. In
      2024, the Bank provided various types of bill services to 23,800 enterprise customers, representing a year-on-
      year increase of 40%.

      In 2024, the Bank proactively strengthen communication and exchange with regulatory authorities, Shanghai
      Commercial Paper Exchange, banking associations, and inter banks. The measures to prevent fraud and
      money laundering risks in commercial bill business have been recognized by the head office of the People’s
      Bank of China and commended by the Zhejiang branch of the People’s Bank of China. To enhance industry
      voice, we collaborated with the Shanghai Commercial Paper to hold two live streaming events called “CZBank
      Bill e-Hour”(浙銀票據 e 小時), with nearly 100,000 viewers and over 600,000 likes, sparking widespread
      discussion and praise from all sectors; The related work results of “CZBank Bill” have been reported by
      mainstream media such as Xinhua user interface and CCTV website. In the 2024 evaluation results of Shanghai
      Commercial Paper Exchange, the Bank won five awards, including “Outstanding Acceptance Institution”(優
      秀承兌機構), “Outstanding Discounting Organization”(優秀貼現機構), “Outstanding Settlement Institution”(優
      秀結算機構), “Outstanding Discounting Participating Organization”(優秀貼現通參與機構), and “Outstanding
      Commercial Bill Information Disclosure Service Organization”(優秀商票信息披露服務機構).

(5)   Asset custodian business
      During the reporting period, the Company’s asset custody business operated well, with key indicators
      continuing to outperform the overall market trend.

      As of the end of the reporting period, the balance of assets scale under custody of the Company amounted
      to RMB2.51 trillion, representing an increase of 11.73% over the beginning of the year. In 2024, the Company
      realized an asset custody income of RMB637 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 7.24%, ranking
      the second among all joint-stock banks in terms of the increase rate. With efficient synergies between business
      lines, the Bank’s custody business continued to strengthen the use of scenario-based finance and constantly
      made breakthroughs in key products. During the reporting period, the scale of public fund custody continued
      to rise, with the scale of public fund custody exceeding the RMB500 billion mark. As at the end of the reporting
      period, the balance of the scale reached RMB523.768 billion, representing an increase of 20.63% over the
      beginning of the year, and the scale of public fund custody accounted for more than 20% of the Company’s
      custody scale, ranked first among the nationwide banks in terms of the proportion.

      At the same time, the Company has actively practiced digitization and significantly improved the efficiency of its
      custody operations. In accordance with the principles of “controllable risks, fewest links, highest efficiency and
      outstanding service”, the Company has optimized the implementation plan to form a standardized operation
      process and enhance the operation efficiency, providing efficient and high-quality custody services to custodian
      customers. By optimizing and upgrading the custodian business system, reducing manual operations and
      strengthening the rigid control of the system, we have comprehensively reduced operational risks and ensured
      “zero” occurrences of risk events.
072    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis


      4.       Great Asset Management Segment
               During the reporting period, the Company actively established CZB Wealth Management Co. Ltd.,
               continued to strengthen its investment and research capabilities, enrich product system, improve risk
               management and reinforce the financial technology support, building a brand of asset management
               business with “professional management, customer first, differentiated competition and efficiency in
               priority”.

               In 2024, the Company’s asset management brand was widely recognized by the society. The Company
               was honored with the “Golden Hazelnut Award – Outstanding Social Responsibility” (卓越社會責任金榛
               子獎) of 2024 CLS for asset management, and was selected as the “Outstanding Wealth Management
               Bank for Cash Management” by China Fund News. Yongxin Tianli Anxiang Series 23 (涌薪添利安享 23 號)
               RMB wealth management product won the “Golden Bull Award for Bank Wealth Management Products”
               (銀行理財產品金牛獎) from China Securities Journal. Mingquan Wenjian Tongxiang No. 6 (180-day
               Reinvestment) (鳴泉穩健同享 6 號 (180 天續投)) RMB wealth management product received the “Golden
               Honor Award – Outstanding Innovative Bank Wealth Management Product” (“金譽獎”優秀創新銀行理財產
               品) in the 2024 Puyi Standard. Xinze Wenjian Tongxiang No. 3 (Minimum Holding Period of 360 Days) (昕
               澤穩健同享 3 號 (最短持有 360 天)) RMB wealth management product won the “Golden Hazelnut Award
               for Best Fixed Income Return”(固收最佳回報金榛子獎) in the 2024 CLS asset management selection.
               Juxin Win B-180-day Type No. 1 (聚鑫贏 B-180 天型 1 號) RMB wealth management product was
               selected as the “Outstanding Fixed Income Wealth Management Product”(優秀固收類理財產品) by China
               Fund News.

               The Company continued to improve the net-value product system, and continuously enriched the series
               of wealth management products such as “Shengxin Win” (升鑫贏), “Juxin Win” (聚鑫贏), “Yongxin” (涌薪),
               “Yongying” (涌盈), “Xinze” (昕澤), “Mingquan” (鳴泉), “Yongyi” (涌益) covering cash management, fixed
               income, “Fixed Income Plus” and hybrid products.

               As at the end of the reporting period, the balance of the Company’s wealth management products
               amounted to RMB144.574 billion, of which 92.92% and 7.08% were funds of individual and institutional
               clients respectively; the net-value ratio was 100%. During the reporting period, the Company issued
               a total of RMB231.527 billion of wealth management products and realized income from asset
               management services fee of RMB518 million.
                                                                                            Annual Report 2024   073




                                                 Management Discussion and Analysis


5.   Great Cross-border Segment
     In response to the national “The Belt and Road” initiative, the Company has deeply participated
     in international economic, trade and industrial cooperation. Relying on the two platforms of Hong
     Kong Branch and sub-accounting unit in free trade zone (FTU), we have been innovating integrated,
     customized and full-life-cycle cross-border financial services, giving full play to the advantages of
     digital intelligence and empowerment, and building an integrated network of digitalized and convenient
     cross-border financial services. The Company has also steadily promoted differentiated and distinctive
     internationalized operation and global layout of business, actively supported enterprises to go overseas
     and deeply participate in international economic, trade and industrial cooperation, and formally released
     the “Belt and Road” Full Lifecycle Financial Services Manual during the Global Industry Cooperation
     Conference to create a full lifecycle financial service brand for the “Belt and Road” initiative.

     The Company is firmly committed to promote high-level financial opening up and providing
     comprehensive cross-border financial services integrating cross-border settlement, liquidity support,
     cross-border investment and financing, and exchange rate management to enterprises by strengthening
     financial support in local and foreign currencies, domestic and foreign trade, and domestic and
     international integration, maintaining rapid growth in its international business services scale, and
     continuously enhancing its social influence and competitiveness in the industry. As at the end of the
     reporting period, the balance of assets under the Company’s international business amounted to
     RMB182 billion, representing an increase of 28% over the beginning of the year. During the reporting
     period, the Company provided foreign exchange trading services to clients worth over US$180 billion.

     The Company has accelerated the acquisition of business qualifications and foreign exchange market
     investment and research to enhance its internationalized service capability. During the reporting period,
     the Company was approved as the first legal person bank in Zhejiang Province with direct participation
     in the Central Bank’s CIPS program, which further facilitated the receipt and payment of cross-border
     RMB funds. It was approved as a pilot program for the State Administration of Foreign Exchange (SAFE)
     to carry out foreign exchange operations, which enhanced the customer services quality of foreign
     exchange. The Company has accelerated the development of professional online columns such as
     “Market Watch” (匯眼觀市) and “CZBank Global Watch” (浙銀環球觀察) to enhance the cooperation with
     enterprises and the service quality. During the reporting period, the Bank was awarded the “2024 Cross-
     border Financial Service Bank Tianji Award” by Securities Times, a mainstream financial media organized
     by People’s Daily, the “Best Cross-border Financial Bank” in the “Golden Rudder Award” (金舵獎) by
     China Cross-border Financial Benchmarking Enterprises, the ‘Most Reliable Financial Service Provider for
     China’s Economic and Trade Enterprises’ (Economic and Trade Award), and the honorary title of “Best
     International Business Bank”.
074    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis



      (IX)     FINANCIAL TECHNOLOGY
               During the reporting period, guided by the vision of “being a first-class commercial bank”, the Company
               was customer-oriented, took digitalization as the main line and scenarios as the core, focused on
               strategic priorities, promoting the in-depth integration and innovation of business model, digital
               technology and data elements. We continuously strengthened the base of technology, built up the
               safety and production defenses, steadily improved the standard of digital management, deepened the
               expansion of digital financial service ecosystem, and continued to polish the golden name card of “Digital
               and Intelligent CZBank”. We have received more than 20 honors and awards, such as the Technology
               Development Award of People’s Bank of China and the Demonstration Institutions of Financial Network
               Security Capability Maturity Rating.

      1.       Focusing on Digital and Intelligent Driving, Basic Technological Capabilities
               Continue to Improve
               The Company has fully utilized its ability to drive digital and technological innovations, and has made
               great efforts to build a new future-oriented digital infrastructure and IT architecture base to enhance
               the level of technological support and empowerment. Firstly, we accelerate the project of “replacing
               core system to consolidate our foundation”, take the opportunity of coordinating the new-generation
               of core system, comprehensively upgrade the architecture of decentralized, container cloud, mobile
               development and other technology platforms, deploy advanced and efficient algorithmic system, continue
               to improve the construction of basic applications and public service capacity, improve the middle office
               for reusable capabilities such as iteration and upgrading of the message center and the product center,
               and strengthened the export of OpenAPI services, with a cumulative 4.12 billion transactions. Secondly,
               we have established the data management department to coordinate the Bank’s data governance
               work, continue to improve the data governance system, and construct and publish a unified basic data
               standard for the Bank. It has improved the theme markets for finance, customers and supervision,
               established a data asset system covering product catalogues, customer labels and indicators, etc., and
               built a unified, comprehensive and efficient data service platform for the Bank to realize unified enquiry
               of the Bank’s data and assets. The platform has served more than 170 systems, with an average daily
               service volume of more than 3.5 million times. Thirdly, we have established the Financial Technology
               Research Institute to carry out research and application of new technologies such as big model, digital
               person, quantum technology, etc., to promote the construction of big model general products, and to
               integrate the capabilities of intelligent Q&A and official document writing. We have formally announced
               the “Digital and Intelligent Experience Officer” - digital person “Zhiying” (智盈), which has been applied
               online in exhibition halls, the operation and management cockpit and other scenes, gradually creating a
               new pattern of business development empowered by new technology.

      2.       Deeply Cultivate Digital Finance, Comprehensively Upgrade Intelligent
               Management Services
               We have continued to build a more efficient, intelligent and precise operation and management system,
               stimulating the innovative energy of intelligent operation and empowering operation and management
               to improve quality and efficiency. Firstly, the Company has continued to improve its digital marketing
               and operation system, established a customer labelling system and panoramic view, and enhanced
               the platform for business development such as big data marketing, in order to promote the realization
               of more accurate customer management, full coverage of business marketing scenarios, and product
               highlights in one-palm. The Company has steadily promoted the intelligent transformation of its counters
               and outlets, released Mobile Banking 6.0 with a new look focused on the concepts of “Intelligent,
               Beneficial, Good and Specialized”, and implemented video customer service in more than 60 business
               scenarios such as double-recording at counters and remote double-recording, vigorously enhancing
               the customer experience and satisfaction of the entire pipeline. Secondly, focusing on the key areas
               and high-frequency scenarios in the “five finances”, the Bank has made every effort to promote the
               transformation of business process digitization and innovation of service mode, and launched special
               products and services such as sci-tech innovation bonus point loan, digital technology loan, trading
               treasure and provident fund, etc., to accurately meet the needs of various customer segments for
               differentiated financial services, and to expand and strengthen the Bank’s longstanding strengths in
               supply-chain finance and inclusive finance. Thirdly, the Bank has optimized and expanded the digital
               financial service ecosystem, deepened the cooperation and connection with government departments
               and key enterprises on digital platforms, promoted the integration and co-creation of diversified
               scenarios, and replicate and promote iconic applications such as Jinfubao-small and micro (金服寶•小微),
               the intelligent park platform, and the digital charity platform in various places, assisting in the innovation
               and quality improvement of the digital economy.
                                                                                             Annual Report 2024   075




                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis


3.    Build a Strong Safety Foundation, Ensure a Stable and Positive Trend in
      Production and Operation
      We have steadily enhanced our technological infrastructure protection capabilities in production,
      operation and maintenance, network security, and data security to deepen and improve the level of
      safety production, safeguarding high-quality development of the Bank. Firstly, we have accelerated
      the construction of the integrated intelligent operation and maintenance system, enhanced the five
      capabilities of “monitoring, management, control, recovery and prevention”, driving the transformation
      from technical operation and maintenance to business operation and maintenance. The data center
      digital map (Tern System) has been selected as a typical case of network security technology application
      by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology. Secondly, the company has improved the
      intra-city disaster preparedness system, completed the dual-active implementation of more than
      200 application system components, launched a one-week rotation drill of disaster preparedness for
      important information systems, and steadily enhanced the ability of intra-city real disaster recovery
      operation in the long term and normalized rotation operation. Thirdly, the company has continuously
      improved the network security, data security and application security protection system, iterated and
      upgraded the security structure of “one foundation and five platforms”, and innovatively realized the
      new security digital intelligent operation of “four-whole and three-quick” (whole chain, whole-assets,
      whole-awareness, whole-processes, and quick warning, quick response and quick disposal). It won the
      Second Price of 2023 Financial Technology Development Award by People’s Bank of China and other
      authoritative awards, and successfully completed the network security tasks during the import security
      period of the Financial Supervisory Authority, with “zero loss and zero accident”.

(X)   E-FINANCE SERVICES
      During the reporting period, the Company has formed a complete E-finance service system consisting
      of online banking, mobile banking, remote banking, WeChat banking, online settlement and platform
      finance. The replacement rate of transactions via electronic channels reached 99.91%, taking a leading
      position in the industry. During the reporting period, the Company vigorously promoted the construction
      of E-finance channels, strengthened the building of customer experience and improved risk control
      measures, resulting in steady growth of channel customers, continuous improvement in the quality and
      efficiency of business scale and sustained enhancement of channel service capability.

      Online banking
      During the reporting period, being customer-oriented, the Company continuously optimized personal
      online banking experience, simplified the operations of frequently used functions, enriched channel
      service scenarios and extended customer channel services. As at the end of the reporting period, the
      Company had 1.755 million customers with personal online banking certificates, representing an increase
      of 2.38% over the beginning of the year. During the reporting period, the Bank conducted 548.5828
      million transactions totaling RMB435.75 billion via personal online banking.

      During the reporting period, the Company has launched the corporate online banking “English Version
      2.0” in respond to customers’ pain points, breakpoints, and blockages; comprehensively optimized core
      and commonly used functions of corporate online banking such as payroll agency and transfer services
      through the enhancement of browser compatibility for corporate online banking; and continued to simplify
      the operation of frequently used functions to further reduce customer operations and enhance customer
      experience. As of the end of the reporting period, the Company had 290.4 thousand customers with
      corporate online banking certificates, representing an increase of 16.85% over the beginning of the year.
      During the reporting period, the Bank conducted 125.3918 million transactions totaling RMB12,542.143
      billion via corporate online banking.
076    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis


               Mobile banking
               During the reporting period, the Company has launched version 6.0 of personal mobile banking, actively
               practiced the concept of “financial services for good” by launching the columns of “Good Deeds by
               CZBank” (浙銀善行) and “Love Donation”, upgraded the “Senior Version” for elderly customers, set
               up special zones for “payroll agency” and “branch features”, providing specialized financial services.
               Besides, the Company has optimized functions such as registration and login, transfer and remittance,
               wealth management and account details to continuously enhance customer experience. As at the end of
               the reporting period, the Company had 7,226,800 personal mobile banking customers, representing an
               increase of 18.83% as compared to the beginning of the year. During the reporting period, the Company
               conducted 129,726,900 transactions totaling RMB1,019.332 billion via mobile banking.

               Remote banking
               The Company adheres to the service philosophy of “customer-oriented, beyond expectation”. By
               applying multi-channel service platform, big data and intelligent technology, and leveraging on intelligent
               voice devices, intelligent online robot, manual telephone service, manual online service, WeChat, email
               and other means, the Company has provided customers with rapid, comprehensive and professional
               high-quality services. Focusing on the three core functions, namely “intelligent service”, “digital-intelligent
               operation”, “intelligent management”, the Company is committed to establishing a comprehensive, digital
               and value oriented remote banking as a 7*24 comprehensive one-stop service platform.

               During the reporting period, the Bank received 3,832.5 thousand customer inquiries, with 16.41%
               increase year on year and an overall connection rate of 96.93%. In particular, it received 2,481.1
               thousand calls, with manual telephone connection rate of 92.51% and customer satisfaction rate of
               99.81%; served online text customers for 1,351.4 thousand times, with intelligent text connection rate
               of 99.76%. The Bank set up a green channel to provide services for elderly customers and continuously
               reinforce the provision of more convenient and heart-warming services for elderly customers. During the
               reporting period, the Bank provided services for aged customers for 47.2 thousand times, with 134.61%
               increase year-on-year, and effectively fulfilled its social responsibilities.

               The Company has been enhancing the establishment of a layered customer management system
               featuring a combination of “manual + intelligent” and “online + offline” through diversified remote business
               channels such as SMS, intelligent AI outbound calls, and manual outbound calls. During the reporting
               period, the Bank reached customers for 6,611.3 thousand times by remote outbound calls, representing
               a year-on-year increase of 73.37%, continuously empowering our business and supporting the business
               expansion of the Bank.

               Bank-enterprise direct connection and inter-bank cash management
               During the reporting period, the Company took “technology finance + professional services” as the core,
               and adhered to the principles of digital intelligence empowerment, integration of business and finance,
               and open interconnection, continuously enhanced the functions of bank-enterprise direct connection
               and financial assets management services, building a comprehensive solution for enterprise treasury
               management. As at the end of the reporting period, we had 2,005 customers of bank-enterprise direct
               connection. During the reporting period, our customers handled 8,468.7 thousand transfers via bank-
               enterprise direct connection, with a total transfer amount of RMB3,505.135 billion.
                                                                                                Annual Report 2024    077




                                                    Management Discussion and Analysis


       WeChat banking
       During the reporting period, the Company was committed to developing WeChat banking into an
       important platform for the introduction of new financial services and brand marketing. Our WeChat
       banking consists of CZBank’s WeChat official account and WeChat official mini program of CZBank’s
       cloud branch. CZBank’s WeChat official account offers functions including credit cards and personal,
       small and micro enterprises and corporate, and recruitment and services. WeChat official mini program
       of CZBank’s cloud branch offers functions including outlet appointment, personal loans and featured
       activities.

       Online settlement business
       During the reporting period, the Company proactively explored business innovation, developed well
       established system of scenario-based service on payment and settlement, and strengthened its five
       major capabilities, namely “collection, payment, management, distribution and control”, during which
       process the Company accumulated solutions for sixteen scenarios in six industries. In addition, guided
       by the demands of government authorities and real enterprises and public institutions, the Company
       strengthened the support and application promotion of online settlement services, and realized innovative
       application expansion of multiple scenarios such as supply chain finance, e-government and school bill
       payment, having a brand effect through the acquisition of a group of central state-owned enterprises.

(XI)   BUSINESS OF OVERSEAS BRANCH
       The Company’s Hong Kong Branch was established in 2018 and is the first branch of the Company
       established overseas. Hong Kong Branch has persisted in implementing the Bank’s development
       strategy, given full play to the strategic synergy, proactively seized the opportunities arising from cross
       border business, strategically developed customer base of the head office and branches, and fully
       enhanced its comprehensive cross-border financial services capabilities. Through these efforts, various
       business segments of the Company including banking, institutional business, financial market, investment
       banking and wealth management have achieved high-quality and stable development. Serving as the
       “model branch” of the Group to conduct internationalized business operation, Hong Kong Branch has
       constantly stepped up its efforts in the establishment of the comprehensive cross-border financial service
       platform, and consolidated its market position and advantages in offshore US dollar bond underwriting
       and cross border secured financing, striving to enhance its ability to take the lead in syndicated loan
       origination and distribution, its cross-border cash management capability, and foreign exchange trading
       agency capability. Besides, Hong Kong Branch also leverages on the Company’s featured advantages
       such as supply chain finance and asset pool to continuously accelerate business innovation, while
       improving the effectiveness of cross-border financial services by exerting its service capability in digital
       and online transactions. Based on the demands for cross-border finance from five major customer
       bases, Hong Kong Branch fosters the innovation for eight financial scenarios including the “Belt and
       Road” special financing, cross-border supply chain and active foreign exchange management, in order to
       proactively enhance its international service capability, thus developing it into a great cross-border brand
       on financial service with distinctive features and differentiated competitive advantages. Furthermore, Hong
       Kong Branch deepens linkage between domestic and overseas businesses, intensifies its development
       in Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area, and implements the concept of “financial services
       for good”, aiming to serve for people’s livelihood and social development in Hong Kong. Relying on
       its comprehensive services of “integrating finance + intelligence” (融資+融智), Hong Kong Branch also
       expresses its value pursuit to strengthen exchange among entities by virtue of its good deeds.

       As of the end of the reporting period, the total assets of Hong Kong Branch of the Company were
       HK$70.801 billion, of which financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income amounted
       to HK$27.317 billion, accounting for 38.58%; and net loans and advances to customers amounted to
       HK$33.26 billion, accounting for 46.98%. During the reporting period, the net profit was HK$690 million.
078    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis



      (XII) Major Subsidiaries and Equity Participation Companies
      1.       Major Subsidiaries
      (1)      Zheyin Financial Leasing
               Zheyin Financial Leasing, a national non-bank financial institution approved and regulated by the former
               CBIRC, is a 51%-owned subsidiary of the Bank, with paid-in capital of RMB4 billion. Established on
               January 18, 2017, the principal business scope of Zheyin Financial Leasing covers leasing, transfer and
               grant of financial leasing assets, investment in fixed-income securities, acceptance of lease deposits from
               lessees, acceptance of fixed deposits of 3 months (inclusive) or longer from non-bank shareholders, inter-
               bank lending, borrowing from financial institutions, overseas borrowing, sale and disposal of leasehold,
               economic consulting as well as other businesses approved by the former CBIRC.

               Since its establishment, Zheyin Financial Leasing has upheld its mission of serving entity and the
               philosophy of prudent operation, and has comprehensively implemented professional transformation
               strategy by energetically embracing financial technology and continuously innovating financial services. It
               has formed a “5+2” professional customer service system focusing on the “five specialized industries” of
               smart manufacturing, modern agriculture and husbandry, marine economy, environment protection and
               energy industries, and the “two specialized models” of manufacturer supply chain and financial leasing-
               commercial leasing cooperation (租租合作). As the corporate governance structure and management
               system got better, the innovation capability and research and development strength gradually improved
               as well as the profitability and development quality enhanced year by year, Zheyin Financial Leasing has
               currently built itself a team comprising talents with high comprehensive quality and strong professional
               ability, and blazed a trail of development featuring professional services and distinctive operations, thus
               gradually developing itself into a new force in financial leasing industry in China. It has been repeatedly
               awarded the “Advanced Unit in Supporting Economic and Social Development of Zhejiang Province” (支
               持浙江經濟社會發展先進單位) for consecutive years, and has won honors such as the “May Day Labor
               Award of China” (全國五一勞動獎狀), the “May Day Labor Award of Zhejiang Province” (浙江省五一勞動獎
               狀), the “Special Contributing Enterprise for the 10th Anniversary of the Construction of the New Area of
               Zhoushan Islands in Zhejiang Province” (浙江舟山群島新區建設 10 週年特別貢獻企業), the “Outstanding
               Contributing Enterprise for the 5th Anniversary of the Construction of the Zhejiang Pilot Free Trade Zone”
               (浙江自貿試驗區五週年建設突出貢獻企業), the “Outstanding Contributing Enterprise of Yangtze River
               Delta Financial Leasing” (長三角融資租賃突出貢獻企業) and other important awards, highly recognized by
               all sectors of the society.

               As of the end of the reporting period, Zheyin Financial Leasing had 278 employees, with total assets of
               RMB78.327 billion and net assets of RMB7.837 billion. During the reporting period, it realized a net profit
               of RMB1.034 billion.
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024   079




                                                    Management Discussion and Analysis


(2)   CZB Wealth Management
      Approved for opening on January 24, 2025, CZB Wealth Management was solely initiated and established
      by CZBank with a registered capital of RMB2.0 billion and the registered address at Hangzhou, Zhejiang
      Province. It is mainly engaged in the public issuance of wealth management products to the general
      public, non-public issuance of wealth management products to qualified investors, consultancy and
      advisory services on wealth management, and other relevant businesses.

      As the Group’s multi-licensed key force to conduct integrated operation and the core platform for great
      asset management segment, CZB Wealth Management deeply practices the political and people-oriented
      nature of the financial work. Sticking to the Bank’s concept of financial services for good and the
      principle of prioritizing investors’ interest, and with steady low wave and long-term return as the guideline,
      CZB Wealth Management is able to enhance its capability of intelligent operation through investment and
      research driving and digital empowerment, struggling to provide “robust, inclusive and diversified” asset
      management products and wealth management services for full-market customers including the Bank,
      thus facilitating the Group to embark on a new journey to wealth management. Additionally, through
      market-based independent operation, CZB Wealth Management has attracted professional and high-end
      talents, making efforts to develop itself into a first-class wealth management company that is on behalf
      of investors’ interests, serves the real economy, has steady operation style, promotes the concept of
      financial services for good and is led by digital technology.

2.    Equity Participation Companies
      Equity Participation                      Place of           Date of         Number of            Investment
      Companies                            Incorporation     Incorporation           Shares                Amount


      China UnionPay Co., Ltd.                  Shanghai         2002-3-26           34 million      RMB25 million
      National Financing Guarantee
        Fund Co., Ltd                              Beijing       2018-7-26             1 billion       RMB1 billion
080    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Management Discussion and Analysis



      (XIII) Outlook
               The year 2025 is a concluding year of the “14th Five-Year Plan” and the planning year of the “15th
               Five-Year Plan”, and a crucial year for further deepening reforms and promoting modernization with
               Chinese characteristics to make steady progress. China’s economic work will continue to be guided
               by the Xi Jinping Thought of Socialism with Chinese Characteristics in the new era, fully implement the
               spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress and the Second and Third Plenary Session of the 20th CPC
               Central Committee, adhere to the general principle of “seeking progress while maintaining stability, fully,
               accurately and comprehensively implement the new development philosophy, speed up the establishment
               of a new development pattern, and solidly promote high-quality development. Further comprehensively
               deepen the reform, expand high-level opening to the outside world, construct a modernized industrial
               system and better coordinate development and security. Implement more proactive and effective
               macroeconomic policies, expand domestic demand, promote the integration and development of
               scientific and technological innovation and industrial innovation, stabilize the real estate market and the
               stock market, prevent and resolve risks in key areas and external shocks, stabilize expectations and
               stimulate vitality. Promote the sustained recovery and improvement of the economy, continuously raise
               the living standards of people, maintain social harmony and stability, successfully complete the goals
               and tasks of the “14th Five-Year Plan”, and lay a solid foundation for a good start of the “15th Five-Year
               Plan”.

               In 2025, the Bank will fully implement the spirit of the central and provincial economic work conferences,
               and carry out the spirit of the sixth plenary session of the 15th Provincial Committee. We will continue
               to deepen the “five-word” ecosystem, advocate the culture of “integrity” and “strictness,” anchor the
               vision of “three first-class”, practice financial services for good, deepen intelligent management, and
               build a humanistic CZBank. Guided by comprehensive and collaborative reform, we will adhere to long-
               termism, persist in doing what is difficult but right, maintain a firm stance, keep to the integrity and
               make innovations, and see the blueprint through to the end, fully opening up a new realm of high-quality
               development.
                                                                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024    081




                                                                                                                                        Corporate Governance


(I)                 Chart of Organizational Structure
          Strategic and Sustainable
          Development Committee                                                                   General Meeting

                 Audit Committee

       RiskRisk
            and and   Related
                Related Party Party
                             Transaction                                                                                                           Supervision Committee
      Transaction Control Committee
      Nomination and Remuneration
                                                                            Board of Directors                   Supervisory Committee
               Committee                                                                                                                           Nomination Committee
        Consumer Rights Protection
              Committee
      Inclusive Finance Development
                 Committee
                                                                                                 Senior Management


                Board of Directors Office                                                                            Audit Department           Supervisory Committee Office




                                                           Zhejiang Headquarters


                                                                        Branch


                                                                    Sub Branch




                      Corporate Banking Department                                          Credit Assessment Department
                                                                                                                                                Centralized Procurement
                      Small Enterprise Credit Center                                             Special Assets Department                       Management Center*
                      (Inclusive Finance Department)
                                                                                         Operations Management Department
                          Retail Finance Department

                     Credit Card (Consumer Finance)
                               Department
                                                                                          Development & Planning Department
                        Private Banking Department
                                                                                           Planning and Finance Department
                           Retail Credit Department
                                                                                            Asset and Liability Management
                                                                                                     Department
                     Financial Institutions Department
                                                                                             Risk Management Department

                                                                                         Internal Control and Compliance and
                   Supply Chain Finance Department
                                                                                                Legal Affairs Department

                    Wealth Management Department                                         Technology Management Department

                     Investment Banking Department

                   International Business Department                                              General Executive Office


                        Internet Finance Department                                          Human Resource Department

                                                                                             Logistics Support Department
                         Asset Custody Department
                                                                                                 (Security Department)

                     Asset Management Department



                           Capital Operation Center

                           Bill Business Department

 Note: Institutions marked with * are directly under the head office.
082    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Corporate Governance



      (II)     Overview of Corporate Governance
               The Company always makes unremitted efforts to pursue standardized business operation and
               extraordinary corporate governance since improving corporate governance is the top priority of achieving
               high-quality development. The Company continuously improves corporate governance structure
               consisting of the general meeting, the Board of Directors, the Supervisory Committee and the Senior
               Management according to the relevant laws, regulations and regulatory requirements. Each corporate
               governance body operates independently, with effective checks and balances, cooperating with each
               other and functioning in a coordinated manner.

               The Board of Directors of the Company takes corporate governance legality and compliance as the
               bottom line, draws on the best practices of outstanding companies as the direction, improves the system
               of corporate governance mechanism as the basis and gives full play to the decision-making role of the
               Board of Directors as the core, so as to strives to build a corporate governance mechanism with clear
               boundaries of responsibilities, orderly checks and balances and collaboration, democratic and scientific
               decision-making, and standardized and efficient operation.

               In 2024, the Company continued to integrate the Party’s leadership into the process of corporate
               governance and play a key role of Party committee in grasping the direction, planning for the big picture,
               formulating policies and promoting development. We steadily promoted the renewal of the Board of
               Directors and the Supervisory Committee, coordinated and improved the terms of reference of the
               various specialized committees of the Board of Directors and the Supervisory Committee, and gave full
               play to the role of the specialized committees as the gatekeepers of some of the major decisions. We
               also responded positively to the supervisory requirements by amending and promulgating the “Measures
               for the Administration of Independent Directors of China f Co., Ltd.”, and continued to strengthen the
               effectiveness of the performance of the independent directors, so as to comprehensively safeguard the
               core interests of the small and medium-sized shareholders.

               The meetings held during the reporting period were as follows: 1 annual general meeting, 1 extraordinary
               general meeting; 14 meetings of Board of Directors; 3 meetings of Strategic and Sustainable
               Development Committee, 6 meetings of Audit Committee, 9 meetings of Risk and Related Party
               Transaction Control Committee, 8 meetings of Nomination and Remuneration Committee, 4 meetings
               of Consumer Rights Protection Committee and 1 meeting of Inclusive Finance Development Committee,
               12 meetings of Supervisory Committee, 8 meetings of Nomination Committee, and 5 meetings of
               Supervision Committee.

      (III) General Meeting
               Pursuant to the Articles of Association, the shareholders’ general meeting is the top governing body
               of the Company, which manages and supervises the Company through the Board of Directors and the
               Supervisory Committee. The Company raised an independent resolution for each actually independent
               matter at the general meeting, and voted by ballot to ensure that all shareholders fully and equally enjoy
               the right to know, the right to speak, the right to raise questions, the right to vote and other rights.

               During the reporting period, the Company held the 2023 Annual General Meeting on June 12, 2024
               and the 2024 first Extraordinary General Meeting on August 9, 2024. For details of relevant proposals
               and relevant announcements about resolutions adopted at the meetings, please refer to the relevant
               announcements in connection with the general meetings published by the Company on the websites of
               the Shanghai Stock Exchange, the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the Company.
                                                                                              Annual Report 2024    083




                                                                           Corporate Governance


     The convening, notifying, holding and voting procedures for the above-mentioned meetings are in
     compliance with the relevant provisions of the Company Law, the listing rules of both the domestic and
     overseas listing venues of the Company and the Articles of Association. The Chairman of the meetings
     has explained the detailed procedures for voting by poll to the Shareholders at the general meetings.
     Lawyers were invited to witness onsite and provide legal opinions for the meetings.

(IV) Board of Directors
1.   Composition of the Board of Directors
     As at the end of the reporting period, the Board of Directors of the Company comprised 12 directors,
     of which 3 were Executive Directors, namely Mr. Lu Jianqiang, Ms. Ma Hong and Mr. Chen Haiqiang;
     4 were Non-executive Directors, namely Mr. Hou Xingchuan, Mr. Ren Zhixiang, Mr. Hu Tiangao and
     Mr. Ying Yuxiang; and 5 were Independent Non-executive Directors, namely Mr. Wang Guocai, Mr.
     Wang Wei, Mr. Xu Yongbin, Mr. Fu Tingmei and Mr. Shi Hao. Not less than 1/3 of the members of the
     Board of Directors of the Company were Independent Non-executive Directors, and the Independent
     Non-executive Directors complied with the Rule 3.10(2) of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, who had
     appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or related financial management expertise. The
     number and composition of Independent Non-executive Directors are in compliance with relevant laws,
     regulations and requirements of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.

     The Board of Directors of the Company was rationally structured with experienced members. The
     executive Directors are diligent, professional and efficient, while the Non-executive Directors are equipped
     with rich banking or enterprise management experiences, and the Independent Non-executive Directors’
     knowledge and background covering various areas including economy, finance, securities, accounting
     and law.

     During the reporting period, all directors diligently performed their duties, being present or in attendance
     at relevant meetings in a timely manner; actively participated in discussion on affairs; prudently expressed
     professional opinions; paid continuous attention to conditions of operation and management of the
     Company; actively participated in various training and thematic study and discussion activities; proactively
     improved their ability to perform their duties; continuously improved the scientificity and efficiency of
     decisions, with their high sense of responsibility and excellent professionalism; ensured that commercial
     activities of the Company complied with national laws and regulations and requirements of regulatory
     authorities; and effectively protected legitimate rights and interests of shareholders.

2.   Board Diversity Policy
     The Company considers the diversity of the members of the Board of Directors as an important impetus
     to support the Company in enhancing the corporate governance level and achieving sustainable
     development. The Company has formulated the Board Diversity Policy of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.
     according to the relevant provisions of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. It is expressly provided in the Policy
     that the Board of Directors shall consider various aspects and diversified factors when determining the
     composition of the Board, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background,
     professional experience, skills, knowledge and/or service period, thus ensuring the Board of Directors
     have diversified viewpoints and angles in performing their duties, and forming into a composition model
     of the Board matched with the Company’s development model.
084    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Corporate Governance


               The Board Diversity Policy of the Company comprises of chapters such as purpose, philosophy, policy
               statement, expected objective, supervision and reporting, with the main purpose of recognizing and
               accepting the philosophy of building a diversified Board to strengthen the execution of the Board, and
               affirming the importance of diversity of the Board to achieve strategic objectives. During the reporting
               period, the geographical distribution, educational background and professional experience of members
               of the Board are relatively diversified. Among the 12 directors, 1 of them is female, and 11 are with
               post graduate diploma or master degree or above, including 4 with doctoral diploma. The diversified
               composition of the Board brings a broad vision and a high level of professional experience to the Board
               and maintains an independent element within the Board to ensure that the Board is able to effectively
               make independent judgments and scientific decision when studying and considering material issues. The
               Board will review the implementation and effectiveness of its Board Diversity Policy on an annual basis.

               The Company will ensure gender diversity when recruiting middle and senior staff and are committed to
               providing career development opportunities for female staff so that the Company will have a pipeline of
               potential successors to the Board. As of December 31, 2024, the ratio of male and female employees of
               the Company was 1.227: 1, which was generally in line with the industry level. As of December 31, 2024,
               all of the senior management of the Company were male.

      3.       Responsibilities of the Board of Directors
               According to the Articles of Association, the Board of Directors is the decision-making organ of the
               Company and shall undertake ultimate responsibility for the operation and management of the Company.
               The main responsibilities are as follows: to convene general meetings, present proposals and report to
               shareholders at the general meetings; to implement the resolutions of the general meetings; to formulate
               medium and long-term development plans and development strategies of the Bank and supervise the
               implementation of such development plans and development strategies; to decide the annual appraisal
               indices for the operation of the Bank and approve the annual operation plans of the Bank; to formulate
               our annual financial budgets and final accounts; to formulate our profit distribution plans and plans for
               recovery of losses; to formulate proposals for increase or decrease of our registered capital, issuance of
               shares or bonds with the capital replenishment nature; to decide on issuance of bonds other than those
               with the capital replenishment nature by the Bank; and to formulate proposals for merger, demerger,
               dissolution and liquidation of the Bank.

               The Senior Management of the Company has operational autonomy and makes decision in daily
               operation and management independently under the authority of the Board, and the Board will not
               intervene in specific daily affairs of operation and management of the Company.

               The Board of the Company is responsible for carrying out the corporate governance functions and
               has fulfilled their duties and responsibilities, as set out in Code Provision A.2.1 of the Corporate
               Governance Code. The Board acknowledges that it is responsible for the risk management and internal
               control systems and for reviewing its effectiveness on an annual basis. During the reporting period, the
               Board and its committees reviewed the Company’s compliance with laws, regulatory provisions and
               the Corporate Governance Code and disclosures in the Corporate Governance Report, reviewed and
               monitored the training and continuous professional development of directors and senior management,
               strengthened the Company’s risk management and internal control, and further enhanced the Company’s
               corporate governance policy and regular practice.
                                                                                                Annual Report 2024   085




                                                                             Corporate Governance


4.   Board Independence
     The Company has established following mechanisms to ensure independent views and input are available
     to the Board and the implementation and effectiveness of such mechanisms will be reviewed annually by
     the Board:

     (a)   Five out of the twelve directors are Independent Non-executive Directors, which exceeds the
           requirement of the Listing Rules that at least one-third of the Board are independent Non-executive
           Directors.

     (b)   The Nomination and Remuneration Committee will assess the independence of a candidate who is
           nominated to be a new Independent Non-executive Director before appointment and the continued
           independence of the current long-serving Independent Non-executive Directors on an annual
           basis. All Independent Non-executive Directors are required to submit a written confirmation to
           the Company annually to confirm the independence of each of them and their immediate family
           members, and their compliance with the requirements as set out in the Rule 3.13 of the Listing
           Rules.

     (c)   All Directors are entitled to retain independent professional advisors as and when it is required.

     (d)   All Directors are encouraged to express their views in an open and candid manner during the Board/
           Board Committees meetings.

     (e)   The Chairman of the Board will meet with the Independent Non-executive Directors at least annually
           without the presence of the executive Directors.

     (f)   A Director (including Independent Non-executive Directors) who has material interest in any contract,
           transaction or arrangement shall abstain from voting and not be counted in the quorum on any
           Board resolution approving the same.

     (g)   No equity-based remuneration with performance-related elements will be granted to Independent
           Non-executive Directors.
086    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Corporate Governance


      5.       Meetings and Proposals of Board of Directors
               During the reporting period, the Company held 14 meetings of Board of Directors, among which, 4 were
               regular meetings and 10 were extraordinary meetings. The main proposals considered at the Board
               meetings were as follows:

               Development Plan of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2021-2025 (Mid-term Revision);
               Work Report of the Board of Directors of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2023;
               Work Report of President of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2023;
               Report of Independent Directors of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2023;
               Proposal on Results of 2023 Performance Evaluation of Directors by the Board of Directors;
               Proposal on Results of 2023 Performance Evaluation of Senior Management by the Board of Directors;
               Internal Audit Work Report of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2023;
               Report on Comprehensive Risk Management of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2023;
               Report on Implementation of Risk Preference for 2023 and Proposal on Risk Preference for
                  2024 of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.;
               Report on the Implementation of Green Finance of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2023;
               Internal Control Evaluation Report of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2023;
               2023 Work Report on Protection of Consumer Rights and Interests and 2024 Work
                  Plan of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.;
               2023 Work Report on Anti-money Laundering and Counter-terrorist Financing of
                  China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.;
               Risk Prevention and Control Assessment Report on Criminal Cases of China
                  Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. in 2023;
               Report on Implementation of Related Party Transaction Management System and
                  Particulars of Related Party Transactions of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2023;
               Proposal on the Pre-approval limit of Deposit-Type Connected Transactions of
                  China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2023;
               Social Responsibility Report of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2023;
               Special Report and Verification Report on Deposit and Use of Raised Funds of
                  China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2023;
               2023 Annual Report and its Summary of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.
                  (Domestic Standards and International Standards);
               2023 Audit Report on Internal Control of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.;
               Proposal on the Engagement of an Accounting Firm for 2024;
               Final Financial Report of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2023;
                                                                                    Annual Report 2024   087




                                                                  Corporate Governance


Profit Distribution Plan of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2023;
2024 Annual Budget Report of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.;
Business Operation Plan of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2024;
Report on the Management and Implementation of the Consolidation of Statements of
   China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2023;
Liability Quality Management Report of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2023;
Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Report of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2024;
China Zheshang Bank Executive Remuneration System Optimization Plan;
Proposal on Nominating Candidates for Executive Directors and Non-executive
   Directors of the Seventh Session of the Board of Directors;
Proposal on Nominating Candidates for Independent Directors of the Seventh Board of Directors;
Proposal on Measures for the Administration of Independent Directors of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.;
Work Summary of Small and Micro Enterprises under Inclusive Finance for 2023 and
   Work Plan for 2024 of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.;
Proposal on Election of Chairman of the Seventh Board of Directors of Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.;
Proposal on Appointment of Senior Management of Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.;
Proposal on the Appointment of Authorized Representative and Company Secretary
   of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.;
Proposal on Appointment of Head of Board Office of Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.;
Proposal on Appointment of Securities Affairs Representative of Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.;
Proposal on Appointment of Head of Audit Department of Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.;
Proposal on Appointment of Head of Financial Department of Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.;
Proposal on Election of Members of the Special Committee of the Seventh Board
   of Directors of Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.;
Proposal on Appointment of Observers to Strategy and Sustainable Development
   Committee of Board of Directors of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.;
Green Finance Development Strategy and Implementation Outline of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.;
Report of China Zheshang Bank on Evaluation of Substantial Shareholders;
Report of China Zheshang Bank on Evaluation of Major Shareholders’ Behavior in 2023;
Proposal on Amending the Internal Audit Articles of Association of Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.;
Proposal on Amending the Basic System of Capital Management of China Zheshang Bank;
Proposal on Measures for the Management of Recovery and Deduction of Performance-Based
   Remuneration of China Zheshang Bank.
088    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Corporate Governance


      6.       Attendance of Directors at the Meetings
               The following table sets forth the records of attendance in person of each Director at the Board of
               Directors meetings, Special Committee under Board of Directors meetings, and General meetings in
               2024.

                                                                                 Risk and
                                                      Strategic                   Related
                                                           and                      Party Nomination     Consumer      Inclusive
                                                    Sustainable               Transaction         and        Rights     Finance
                                          Board of Development        Audit       Control Remuneration   Protection Development    General
               Directors                  Directors  Committee    Committee    Committee    Committee    Committee    Committee    Meeting


               Executive Director
               Lu Jianqiang                  13/14          3/3           –            –             –           –             –       2/2
               Ma Hong                       13/14          3/3           –            –             –           –           1/1       2/2
               Chen Haiqiang                 13/14          3/3           –            –             –           –           1/1       2/2

               Non-executive Director
               Hou Xingchuan                 14/14          3/3           –            –             –           –           1/1       2/2
               Ren Zhixiang                  14/14          3/3           –            –             –           –           1/1       2/2
               Hu Tiangao                    14/14            –         6/6            –             –           –             –       2/2
               Ying Yuxiang                  10/10          1/1           –            –             –           –             –       2/2

               Independent
                 Non-executive Director
               Wang Guocai                   13/14            –           –          9/9           2/2         4/4             –       2/2
               Wang Wei                      13/14            –         6/6          4/4           8/8           –             –       1/2
               Xu Yongbin                    14/14            –         6/6          9/9           8/8         1/1             –       2/2
               Fu Tingmei                    14/14          3/3           –            –             –         4/4           1/1       2/2
               Shi Hao                         1/1            –           –            –             –           –             –         –

               Resigned Director
               Zhang Rongsen                   5/6          2/2           –            –             –           –             –       2/2
               Gao Qinhong                     4/5            –           –            –             –           –             –       0/2
               Zhu Weiming                     4/5          2/2           –            –             –           –           1/1       1/2
               Zhou Zhifang                    9/9            –           –          5/5           6/6         3/3             –       1/2

               Note:

               (1)     Times of attention in person/number of meetings that he/she should attend during the reporting period.

               (2)     The above Directors who did not attend the meetings in person had appointed other Directors to attend such
                       meetings on their behalf.

               (3)     For details of the change of Directors, please see “Information on Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management,
                       Employees and Institutions”.

               (4)     The Chairman held a meeting with Independent Non-executive Directors without the attendance of other
                       Directors.
                                                                                            Annual Report 2024   089




                                                                          Corporate Governance


7.   Information on Survey and Training of the Directors
     During the reporting period, some members of the Board of Directors visited Shenzhen Branch, Hong
     Kong Branch, Xi’an Branch, Lanzhou Branch, Shaoxing Branch, Hangzhou Branch and Shanghai
     Branch to carry out field research in order to collect primary data and understand specific conditions of
     grass-roots organizations as to strategy implementation, risk management and technology innovation,
     and heard the opinions and suggestions of the branches on operation and management of the Board
     and the head office, provided targeted guiding opinions, and in a timely manner, submitted to the senior
     management relevant opinions and suggestions.

     The Company has always paid attention to continuous training of Directors to ensure that all Directors
     properly understand the operation and businesses of the Company, and their responsibilities under
     relevant laws and regulatory requirements. During the reporting period, the Company invited certain
     Independent Directors to attend results presentation and organized our directors to participate in ESG
     training, training on the interpretation of the system of “Measures for the Administration of Independent
     Directors of Listed Companies” and anti-money laundering training to enhance the directors’ ability to
     interpret the policies, broaden the directors’ macroscopic decision-making horizons, and improve the
     effectiveness of the directors in performing their duties.

     According to the training records for 2024 kept by the Company, the status of relevant training for
     Directors is as follows:

                                                          Scope of Provision of Information and training
                                                             Corporate         Finance/     Compliance/
     Directors                                             Governance          Business       Operation


     Executive Director
     Lu jianqiang                                                     ✓                 ✓                   ✓
     Ma Hong                                                          ✓                 ✓                   ✓
     Chen Haiqiang                                                    ✓                 ✓                   ✓

     Non-executive Director
     Hou Xingchuan                                                    ✓                 ✓                   ✓
     Ren Zhixiang                                                     ✓                 ✓                   ✓
     Hu Tiangao                                                       ✓                 ✓                   ✓
     Ying Yuxiang                                                     ✓                 ✓                   ✓

     Independent Non-executive Directors
     Wang Guocai                                                      ✓                 ✓                   ✓
     Wang Wei                                                         ✓                 ✓                   ✓
     Xu Yongbin                                                       ✓                 ✓                   ✓
     Fu Tingmei                                                       ✓                 ✓                   ✓
     Shi Hao                                                          ✓                 ✓                   ✓
090    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Corporate Governance


      8.       Performance of Independent Non-executive Directors
               As of the end of the reporting period, the Company had five Independent Non-executive Directors,
               the number and percentage were in compliance with the relevant laws, regulations and regulatory
               requirements. The Audit Committee, Risk and Related Party Transaction Control Committee, Nomination
               and Remuneration Committee and Consumer Rights Protection Committee under the Board of the
               Company were all chaired by Independent Non-executive Directors, and the Independent Non-executive
               Directors formed majority in such committees. During the reporting period, the independent Non –
               executive Directors actively participated in and provided suggestions and advice at the meetings of
               Board of Directors and the special committees to make effective contribution. Besides, they maintained
               effective communication with the Company through various means, including site visits, special surveys
               and attending training etc.

               The Company has established a mechanism for special meetings of the independent Non-executive
               Directors attended by all independent Non-executive Directors, to study and discuss the independent
               engagement of intermediaries to conduct audit, consultancy and verification of specific matters of the
               Company, to propose to the Board the convening of an extraordinary general meeting, to propose the
               convening of a meeting of the Board, as well as other matters requiring the approval of the majority of all
               independent Directors before they can be submitted to the Board for deliberation. During the reporting
               period, the Company convened 4 special meetings of independent Directors to consider 12 resolutions.

               During the reporting period, the Independent Non-executive Directors have presented their professional
               advice on the resolutions considered by the Board of Directors, including offering independent written
               opinions on significant matters, such as the Profit Distribution Scheme, the appointment of Senior
               Management, the engagement of auditing organization and significant related party transactions. In
               addition, for the special committees under the Board of Directors, the Independent Non-executive
               Directors made full advantage of their professional edge, provided professional and independent advice
               regarding corporate governance and operation and management activities of the Company, and thereby
               ensured the scientific decision-making of the Board of Directors.

               The Company has received the annual confirmations from the Independent Non-executive Directors
               according to Rule 3.13 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules regarding their independence, and considered
               that none of the Independent Non-executive Directors was involved in any factor set out in Rule 3.13
               of the Hong Kong Listing Rules that may cast doubt on their independence. Therefore, the Company
               believes that all Independent Non-executive Directors meet the independence criteria as set out in the
               Hong Kong Listing Rules.
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024     091




                                                                               Corporate Governance


9.    Responsibilities of Directors in Preparation of Financial Reports
      The Directors of the Company acknowledged that they were responsible for preparing the financial report
      of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2024. The Board of Directors undertook that there
      were no material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt upon the
      Company’s ability to continue as a going concern, save for the information disclosed in this annual report
      of the Company.

      The Directors shall review and confirm the financial reports for each accounting period, so as to ensure
      that the financial reports truly and fairly reflect the financial status, operation results and cash flow of the
      Company.

      When preparing the financial report for the year ended December 31, 2024, the Directors adopted and
      applied suitable accounting policies and made prudent and reasonable judgment.

10.   Election, Change and Removal of Directors
      According to the Articles of Association, Directors shall be elected or replaced at the general meeting
      and may be dismissed by the general meeting prior to the expiration of their term of office. Directors shall
      each serve a term of three years. Directors may, after expiry of their term of office, hold a consecutive
      term upon re-election. The term of a Director shall start from the date on which the said Director
      assumes office to the expiry of the current Board.

      A Director may be removed by an ordinary resolution at a general meeting before the expiry of his/her
      term of office in accordance with relevant laws and regulations (however, any claim which may be made
      under any contract will not be affected).

      For the change of Directors during the reporting period, please refer to “Information on Directors,
      Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees and Institutions” of this report.
092    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Corporate Governance



      (V)      Special Committees under Board of Directors
               There are 6 special committees under the Board of Directors of the Company, namely Strategic and
               Sustainable Development Committee, Audit Committee, Risk and Related Party Transaction Control
               Committee, Nomination and Remuneration Committee, Consumer Rights Protection Committee and
               Inclusive Finance Development Committee.

      1.       Strategic and Sustainable Development Committee
               As at the end of the reporting period, the Strategic and Sustainable Committee of the Company
               consisted of 7 Directors, Mr. Lu Jianqiang, Chairman of the Board and Executive Director, served as
               the Committee Chairman. Other committee members included Ms. Ma Hong, Executive Director, and
               Mr. Chen Haiqiang, Executive Director, Mr. Hou Xingchuan, Non-executive Director, Mr. Ren Zhixiang,
               Non-executive Director and Mr. Ying Yuxiang, Non-executive Director and Mr. Fu Tingmei, Independent
               Non-executive Director.

               The main duties of the Strategic and Sustainable Development Committee are as follows: to research
               and formulate business targets, medium and long-term development plans and development strategies of
               the Company; to organize the development of the Bank’s annual business plan; to supervise and inspect
               the implementation of annual business plans and investment plans; to evaluate the implementation
               of the Bank’s development plan and propose amendments to the plan; to review the Bank’s overall
               planning, major policies and basic systems for environmental, social and governance (ESG) and other
               sustainable development, review the annual Social Responsibility Report (ESG Report), regularly evaluate
               the implementation of the ESG development strategy, guide and supervise the establishment and
               improvement of related management systems; to study the green financial development strategy, review
               the green financial objectives set by the senior management and the green financial reports submitted
               by the senior management, and supervise and evaluate the implementation of the Bank’s green financial
               development strategy; and any other matters authorized by the Board of Directors.

               During the reporting period, the Strategic and Sustainable Development Committee mainly considered
               the proposals and plans such as Development Plan of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2021-2025
               (Mid-term Revision), the Final Financial Report of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2023, Profit
               Distribution Plan of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2023, 2024 Annual Budget Report of China
               Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd., Business Operation Plan of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2024, Social
               Responsibility Report of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2023, Report on the Implementation of
               Green Finance of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2023, and Green Finance Development Strategy
               and Implementation Outline of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.
                                                                                            Annual Report 2024   093




                                                                         Corporate Governance


2.   Audit Committee
     As at the end of the reporting period, the Audit Committee of the Company consisted of 3 Directors.
     Mr. Xu Yongbin, Independent Non-executive Director, served as the Committee Chairman. Other
     committee members included Mr. Hu Tiangao, Non-executive Director, and Mr. Wang Wei, Independent
     Non-executive Director.

     The Audit Committee is a specialized working body under the Board of Directors. It is mainly responsible
     for reviewing the Bank’s internal control system and its implementation, the internal audit work, the
     implementation of the internal audit system, commenting on the appointment of the external auditor and
     overseeing its relationship with the Bank, reviewing the Bank’s financial information and supervising the
     financial reporting, making judgment on the truthfulness, completeness, accuracy and timeliness of the
     financial information, and exercising independent powers and duties in accordance with the provisions of
     the Articles of Association of the Bank. They are responsible to the Board of Directors and report to the
     Board of Directors on their work.

     During the reporting period, the Audit Committee mainly considered or heard the Annual Audit Report
     (Pre-communication), Policy on the Provision of Non-assurance Services by Auditors (revised in January
     2024), 2023 Annual Report and its Summary of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. (Domestic Standards
     and International Standards), 2023 Audit Report on Internal Control of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.,
     2023 Annual Financial Report, Proposal on the Engagement of an Accounting Firm for 2024, Report
     on the Management and Implementation of the Consolidation of Statements of China Zheshang Bank
     Co., Ltd. for 2023, Internal Audit Work Report of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2023, Internal
     Control Evaluation Report of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2023, Report on the Evaluation of the
     Performance of the Accounting Firm of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for the Year 2023, Report of the
     Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. on the Fulfillment of its
     Supervisory Duties over the Accounting Firm for the Year 2023, Report of the Audit Committee of the
     Board of Directors of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. on the Performance of its Duties for the Year 2023,
     Report on the 2024 First Quarter Results of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd., Report on the Internal Audit
     Work of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. in the First Quarter of 2024, Proposal on “Rules of Procedure
     of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. (2024 version)”,
     Report and Summary of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for the First Half of 2024 (Domestic Standards
     and International Standards), Report of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. on Internal Audit Work in the
     Second Quarter of 2024, Report on the 2024 Third Quarter Results of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.,
     Report of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. on Internal Audit Work in the Third Quarter of 2024, Proposal
     on Amending the Internal Audit Articles of Association of Zheshang Bank, and Proposal on Amending
     the Basic System of Capital Management of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.. The Audit Committee also
     reviewed the independence of external auditors and provided recommendations to the Board on the
     appointment of external auditors, and considered the audit fees of external auditors for 2024.

     During the reporting period, no former partners of any auditing firm which was responsible for auditing
     accounts of the Company were appointed by the Company as members of the Audit Committee.
094    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Corporate Governance


      3.       Risk and Related Party Transaction Control Committee
               As at the end of the reporting period, the Risk and Related Party Transaction Control Committee of
               the Company consisted of 3 Directors. Mr. Wang Wei, Independent Non-executive Director, served as
               the Committee Chairman. Other committee members included Mr. Wang Guocai, Independent Non –
               executive Director, and Mr. Xu Yongbin, Independent Non-executive Director.

               Main duties of the Risk and Related Party Transaction Control Committee are to supervise the risk control
               by Senior Management of the Company; to assess the risk profile of the Company; to offer proposals on
               improving the risk management and internal controls of the Company; to accept filing of general related
               party transactions; to review material related party transactions of the Bank or the transactions which
               are subject to reporting, announcement and/or independent shareholders’ approvals under the relevant
               stipulations of securities regulatory authority in the place(s) of listing of the Bank’s shares, which shall
               be submitted to the Board of Directors by the committee for approval; and to deal with other matters as
               authorized by the Board.

               The Risk and Related Party Transaction Control Committee reviews the effectiveness of the Company’s
               risk management procedures and internal control procedures, to ensure the efficiency of the Company’s
               business operations and achieve the Company’s objectives and strategies.

               During the reporting period, the Risk and Related Party Transaction Control Committee primarily
               examined the Report on Comprehensive Risk Management of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for
               2023, Evaluation Report on Internal Control of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2023, Report
               on Implementation of Risk Preference for 2023 and Proposal on Risk Preference for 2024 of China
               Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd., Risk Prevention and Control Assessment Report on Criminal Cases of China
               Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. In 2023, Report on the Management and Implementation of the Consolidation
               of Statements of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2023, 2023 Work Report on Anti-money Laundering
               and Counter-terrorist Financing of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd., and Report on Implementation of
               Related Party Transaction Management System and Particulars of Related Party Transactions of China
               Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2023, as well as other resolutions or reports.

      4.       Nomination and Remuneration Committee
               As at the end of the reporting period, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Company
               consisted of 3 Directors. Mr. Wang Wei, Independent Non-executive Director, served as the Committee
               Chairman. Other committee members included Mr. Wang Guocai, Independent Non-executive Director,
               and Mr. Xu Yongbin, Independent Non-executive Director.

               Main duties of the Nomination and Remuneration Committee are to propose to the Board on the
               membership of the Board based on the business operations, asset size and equity structure of the
               Company; to draft the standard and procedure for the selection of Directors and senior management,
               and propose the same to the Board; to recommend candidates for Chairman and Vice Chairman to
               Board of Directors, and provide review comments on the candidates of Directors and senior management
               members including the President, Vice President, Financial Principal, Secretary to the Board, etc.; to
               draft the remuneration policy and scheme for Directors and senior management, and make proposals
               to the Board; and to deal with other matters as prescribed by relevant laws, administrative regulations,
               departmental rules and regulations of the securities regulatory authority in the place(s) of listing of the
               Company’s shares and as authorized by the Board of Directors.
                                                                                        Annual Report 2024   095




                                                                     Corporate Governance


The Nomination and Remuneration Committee under the Board makes recommendations to the Board
on the remuneration package of individual executive Directors and senior management.

The nomination procedures for a director candidate of the Company are: the eligible shareholders
will recommend candidates for directorship to the Company for consideration; the Nomination and
Remuneration Committee will conduct examination of such candidates for directorship and then make
recommendations to the Board; following consideration and approval of the Board, the candidates for
directorship will be submitted in the general meeting by written resolutions. For details, please refer to
the section headed “Directors and Board of Directors” in Articles of Association.

Criteria for selection and recommendation of candidates for directorship is that Directors shall have
professional knowledge and work experiences necessary for performing their duties and meet conditions
specified by the National Financial Regulatory Administration, with their qualification for appointment
subject to approval by the National Financial Regulatory Administration.

The Company appoints or re-appoints its directors in strict compliance with the Articles of Association
of the Company. Pursuant to the Board diversity policy requirements in the Board Diversity Policy of
China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd., the Nomination and Remuneration Committee shall also pay attention
to complementarities among candidates for directorship in terms of knowledge structure, professional
competence and experience, cultural and educational background, gender and otherwise, to ensure that
the Directors are well equipped, experienced and have diversified perspectives and views.

During the reporting period, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee mainly considered the
Work Report of Independent Directors of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2023, Proposal on
Results of 2023 Performance Evaluation of Directors by the Board of Directors, Proposal on Results
of 2023 Performance Evaluation of Senior Management by the Board of Directors, China Zheshang
Bank Executive Remuneration System Optimization Plan, Proposal on Examining the Qualifications of
Candidates for Executive Directors and Non-executive Directors of the Seventh Session of the Board
of Directors, Proposal on Examining the Qualifications of Candidates for Independent Directors of
the Seventh Session of the Board of Directors, Proposal on Amending the Rules of Procedure of the
Nomination and Remuneration Committee of the Board of Directors of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.,
Proposal on Proposing the Chairman of the Seventh Session of the Board of Directors of China Zheshang
Bank Co., Ltd., Proposal on Examining the Qualifications of Senior Management of China Zheshang Bank
Co., Ltd., Proposal on Appointing Authorized Representative and Company Secretary of China Zheshang
Bank Co., Ltd., Proposal on Appointment of Head of Board Office of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.,
Proposal on Appointment of Securities Affairs Representative of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.,
Proposal on Appointment of Head of Audit Department of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd., Proposal on
Appointment of Head of Finance Department of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd., Proposal on Members
of Special Committee of Seventh Board of Directors of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd., Proposal on
Appointment of Observer to Strategy and Sustainable Development Committee of Board of Directors
of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd., Proposal on Approving the Remuneration of Senior Management of
China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. in 2023, and Proposal on Measures for the Management of Recovery
and Deduction of Performance-Based Remuneration of China Zheshang Bank.

The Nomination and Remuneration Committee has established a policy on Directors’ remuneration
and regularly evaluated the performance of the executive Directors and approved the terms of service
contracts of executive Directors. In addition, the Nomination and Remuneration Committee has
implemented the policies on the nomination of Directors as well as the nomination procedures and
selection and recommendation criteria on candidates for Directors. The Nomination and Remuneration
Committee has reviewed the structure, number and composition of the Board (including skills, knowledge
and experience) during the reporting period to make recommendations on any changes proposed on
members of the Board for the purpose of complying with the long-term strategies of the Company.
096    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Corporate Governance


      5.       Consumer Rights Protection Committee
               As at the end of the reporting period, the Consumer Rights Protection Committee of the Company
               consisted of 3 Directors. Mr. Wang Guocai, Independent Non-executive Director, served as the
               Committee Chairman. Other committee members included Mr. Xu Yongbin, Independent Non-executive
               Director, and Mr. Fu Tingmei, Independent Non-executive Director.

               Main duties of the Consumer Rights Protection Committee are to formulate strategies, policies and
               objectives of the consumer rights protection work; to direct and supervise the establishment and
               improvement of the management system for consumer rights protection work; to supervise and evaluate
               the comprehensiveness, timeliness and effectiveness of the senior management and the consumer rights
               protection department, as well as duty performance of the senior management, in accordance with the
               regulatory requirements and implementation of strategies, policies and objectives for consumer rights
               protection; to guide, urge and supervise the senior management to effectively execute and implement
               relevant work, and regularly listen to the senior management’s special reports on the progress of
               consumer rights protection work; to hold regular meetings on consumer rights protection and review
               reports of senior management and the consumer rights protection department; to provide guidance
               on material information disclosure on consumer rights protection; and to deal with other matters as
               authorized by the Board.

               During the reporting period, the Consumer Rights Protection Committee mainly considered the 2023
               Work Report on Protection of Consumer Rights and Interests and 2024 Work Plan of China Zheshang
               Bank Co., Ltd., Report on Complaints of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. in 2023, Opinions and Audit
               Rectification Report on the Special Audit of Consumer Rights and Interests Protection Work in 2023,
               Work Report on Protection of Consumer Rights and Interests of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for the
               First Half of 2024, Report on Evaluation Results and Problem Rectification of Consumer Protection of
               Financial Supervisory Authority in 2023, and other resolutions or reports.

      6.       Inclusive Finance Development Committee
               As at the end of the reporting period, the Inclusive Finance Development Committee of the Company
               consisted of 4 Directors. Mr. Fu Tingmei, Independent Non-executive Director, served as the Committee
               Chairman. Other committee members included Mr. Hou Xingchuan, Non-executive Director, Mr. Ren
               Zhixiang, Non-executive Director, and Mr. Ying Yuxiang, Non-executive Director.

               The main duties of the Inclusive Finance Development Committee are to formulate strategic plans for the
               development of the Bank’s inclusive finance business and the basic management system; to review the
               annual business plan of the Inclusive Finance Division and the evaluation and assessment methods; and
               to direct and supervise the effective implementation of the annual business plan of the Inclusive Finance
               Division, as well as any other matters as may be authorized by the Board of Directors.

               During the reporting period, the Inclusive Finance Development Committee mainly considered Work
               Summary of Small and Micro Enterprises under Inclusive Finance for 2023 and Work Plan for 2024 of
               China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. and other resolutions.
                                                                                             Annual Report 2024    097




                                                                           Corporate Governance



(VI) Supervisory Committee
     The Supervisory Committee is a supervisory body of the Company and is accountable to the general
     meetings, and oversees the strategic planning, business decisions, financial activities, risk management,
     internal control and corporate governance of the Company, and the duty performance of the Directors
     and the senior management with an aim to protect the legitimate rights and interests of the Company,
     Shareholders, employees, creditors and other stakeholders.

1.   Composition of Supervisory Committee
     As at the end of the reporting period, the Supervisory Committee of the Company consists of 11
     members, among them, 2 shareholder supervisor are from shareholder companies and have extensive
     experience in business management and financial expertise; 5 employee supervisors have participated
     in economics and banking operation and administration for a long time, and thus accumulated rich
     professional experience in economics and finance; and the 4 external Supervisors have been engaged
     in finance, economics and law, etc., and have thus accumulated extensive experience in those fields
     and unique perspectives. The composition of the Supervisory Committee of the Company has adequate
     expertise and independence which ensures the effective supervision by the Supervisory Committee.

     A Supervision Committee and a Nomination Committee are established under the Supervisory Committee
     of the Company.

2.   Performance of Supervisory Committee
     The Supervisory Committee performs its supervisory duties primarily by holding regular meetings of
     supervisors and special committees to consider, review and hear relevant issues; attending and being
     present at shareholders’ general meetings, the Board meetings and special committee meetings;
     attending related meetings on operation and management held by the Senior Management; reviewing
     related work reports or professional reports of the Senior Management and departments; making
     performance appraisal on Directors, supervisors or senior management; reviewing various documents,
     information and statements of the Company; carrying out special investigations and surveys at branches;
     putting forward work suggestions to the Board of Directors and Senior Management.

     During the reporting period, the Supervisory Committee convened 12 meetings, of which 11 were onsite
     meetings and 1 was by way of telecommunications. 38 proposals were considered and 37 proposals
     were considered and listened to regarding corporate governance, regular report, evaluation of the duty
     performance of the Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management, business innovation, business
     operations, risk management, financial activities, internal control and case prevention and internal audit,
     etc.

     According to the provisions of relevant laws, regulations and the Articles of Association of the Company,
     the supervisors attended all general meetings, all meetings of the Board of Directors and some special
     committees under the Board of Directors, and performed supervision on legal compliance of holding
     general meetings and Directors’ meetings, the procedures for voting by poll as well as the Directors’
     attendance of meetings, providing opinions and voting, etc.
098    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Corporate Governance


               All the 4 external Supervisors of the Company can exercise the supervision function independently.
               In performing their duties, the external Supervisors took the initiative to know about the Company’s
               operation and management situations by attending meetings of the Supervisory Committee, convening
               meetings of the special committees under the Supervisory Committee, being present at the meetings
               of the Board of Directors and its special committees, participating in the survey activities of the
               Supervisory Committee on branch outlets, and reviewing carefully all kinds of documents, data and
               statements. Meanwhile, they expressed their independent opinions or suggestions about major issues,
               and exchanged opinions with the Board of Directors and Senior Management about the problems found
               out in a timely manner, which played an active role for the Supervisory Committee to perform their
               supervision duties.

               During the reporting period, the Supervisory Committee of the Company had no objection to the matters
               supervised.

      3.       Information on training and survey of Supervisors
               Throughout the year, Supervisors were organized to participate in 1 anti-money laundering training, and
               1 ESG training.

               Throughout the year, Supervisors were organized to carry out in-depth investigations in 19 branches,
               such as Nanjing Branch, Guangzhou Branch and Shanghai Branch, understood the implementation
               of head office system and decision and the transformation and development of branch and risk
               management, and proactively provided advices and recommendations to relevant leaders.

      (VII) Special Committees under Supervisory Committee
               The Nomination Committee under the Supervisory Committee consisted of 6 Supervisors, and the
               Supervision Committee consisted of 5 Supervisors, and the external Supervisor served as the Committee
               Chairman.

      1.       Nomination Committee under Supervisory Committee
               The members of the Nomination Committee of the Supervisory Committee are Mr. Gao Qiang (Chairman),
               Mr. Guo Dingfang, Mr. Peng Zhiyuan, Mr. Du Quan, Mr. Ma Xiaofeng and Mr. Wang Congcong.

               The main duties of the Nomination Committee are as follows: to draft standards and procedures of
               electing and appointing Supervisors; to recommend qualified candidates of external Supervisors; to
               make an initial evaluation on the qualifications of candidates of shareholders serving as Supervisors and
               external Supervisors and give suggestions to the Supervisory Committee; to propose to the Supervisory
               Committee candidates of Chairman and Vice Chairman of the Supervisory Committee based on the
               actual condition of the Company; to propose and recommend to the Supervisory Committee candidates
               of chairmen of various special committees; to supervise the election and appointment of Directors; to
               draft remuneration plans for Supervisors, make proposals to the Supervisory Committee and supervise
               the implementation of the said plans after they have been considered by the Supervisory Committee
               and have been submitted to the general meetings for consideration; to supervise the scientificity and
               rationality of the remuneration system and policy of the whole Bank as well as the remuneration scheme
               of senior management; to be responsible for drafting measures for evaluating the duty performance of
               Directors, Supervisors and senior management, making proposals to the Supervisory Committee and
               implementing these measures after submitting them to the Supervisory Committee for consideration and
               decision-making; to assist the Supervisory Committee office in the establishment of a duty performance
               supervision recording system for Directors, Supervisors and senior management and complete the
               duty performance supervision records; and to deal with other matters as authorized by the Supervisory
               Committee.
                                                                                            Annual Report 2024   099




                                                                         Corporate Governance


     During the reporting period, the Nomination Committee under the Supervisory Committee held a total of
     8 meetings, at which it mainly recommended and nominated the Chairman of the Supervisory Committee
     of the Company, the head of the Supervisory Committee’s office, the Shareholder Supervisors,
     the external supervisors candidates and the members of the Special Committee of the Supervisory
     Committee of the Company. It mainly considered the Proposal on Work System of External Supervisors
     of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd, Work System of External Audit of the Supervisory Committee of China
     Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd., the Results of the Performance Evaluation of the Directors, Supervisors and
     Senior Management for the year 2023, the Proposal for the Performance Evaluation of the Directors,
     Supervisors and Senior Management for the year 2024, and other proposals.

2.   Supervision Committee under Supervisory Committee
     The members of Supervision Committee under Supervisory Committee are Mr. Zhang Fanquan
     (Committee Chairman), Mr. Wu Fanghua, Ms. Chen Zhong, Mr. Wang Junbo and Mr. Chen Sanlian.

     The main duties of the Supervision Committee are as follows: to draft plans of supervision on the
     financial activities of the Company and conducting relevant inspections; to supervise the Board of
     Directors’ adoption of prudent business philosophy and value standards and formulate development
     strategies in line with the actual situations of the Company; to regularly evaluate and report on the
     scientificity, rationality and effectiveness of the development strategies formulated by the Board of
     Directors for compilation of evaluation reports; to instruct the work of the internal audit department of
     the Company; to carry out an audit of any resigning senior management when necessary; to supervise
     the duty performance by Directors, Supervisors and senior management; to supervise and inspect major
     operational decisions of the Company; to supervise and inspect risk management of the Company; to
     supervise and inspect the soundness and effectiveness of the internal control of the Company; and to
     deal with other matters as authorized by the Supervisory Committee.

     During the reporting period, the Supervision Committee held a total of 5 meetings to review the
     Evaluation Report on the Interim Implementation of the Company’s 2021-2025 Development Plan, the
     Report on Special Inspection of the Supervisory Committee for 2023, the Annual Report for 2023, the
     Report on the Management and Implementation of the Consolidation of Statements for 2023, the Social
     Responsibility Report for 2023, the Internal Audit Work Report for 2023, the Internal Control Evaluation
     Report for 2023, and considered the First Quarter, interim and Third Quarter results reports for 2024.
     They also listened to the report on the financial situation of the Company in 2023. In addition, members
     of the Supervision Committee also attended 1 meeting of the Risk and Related Party Transactions
     Control Committee of the Board of Directors, 2 meetings of the Consumer Rights Protection Committee
     of the Board of Directors, 2 meetings of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors and 1 pre-audit
     communication meeting to supervise the review process of relevant matters and the performance of
     duties by directors.
100    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Corporate Governance



      (VIII) Company Operation and Decision-Making System
               The general meeting is the Company’s power organ which manages and supervises the Company
               through the Board of Directors and Supervisory Committee. The President is employed by the Board of
               Directors to take charge of the daily operation and management of the Company. The Company adopts
               the one-level legal person system. All the branches and sub-branches are non-independent accounting
               units. They carry out the operation and management activities according to the authorization of the head
               office and are accountable to the head office.

               According to the Articles of Association, the Board of Directors exercises the functions and powers of
               appointing or dismissing the Bank’s President, listening to the work report of the President and reviewing
               his performance, monitoring and ensuring the Senior Management’s efficient fulfillment of management
               duties. The Company adopts a system by which the President shall assume overall responsibility in
               operation and management of the Company, and the President shall be accountable to the Board of
               Directors.

               The Company has no controlling Shareholder and de facto controller. The Company and the
               Shareholders are completely independent in terms of assets, businesses, personnel, organizations and
               finance, etc. The Company has a complete and independent operation capacity. The Board of Directors,
               Supervisory Committee and internal units of the Company operate independently.

      (IX)     Chairman and President
               According to the Code C.2.1 of the Corporate Governance Code (Appendix C1 to the Hong Kong Listing
               Rules), the roles of Chairman and chief executive officer should be separate and should not be performed
               by the same individual. The division of responsibilities between the Chairman and chief executive officer
               should be clearly established and set out in writing. In the Company, the positions of Chairman and
               President are served by different persons, and each position has clearly defined responsibilities, fulfiling
               the requirements of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. The Chairman of the Company is responsible for
               presiding over the general meetings, convening and presiding over the meetings of Board of Directors
               and supervising and inspecting the implementation of the resolutions of the Board of Directors. The
               President of the Company is responsible for leading the operation and management of the Company,
               reporting to the Board of Directors and organizing the implementation of the resolutions of the Board of
               Directors, the annual operation plan and investment scheme of the Company.

      (X)      Company Secretary
               Mr. Luo Feng and Ms. Chan Yin Wah have been appointed as the Joint Company Secretaries of the Bank
               with effect from December 19, 2023. As disclosed in the announcement of the Company dated August
               9, 2024 in relation to, among others, the appointment of Joint Company Secretaries of the Bank, Mr.
               Luo Feng and Ms. Chan Yin Wah will continue to serve as the Joint Company Secretaries of the Bank for
               the same term as the seventh session of the Board. For details, please refer to the announcement of the
               Bank disclosed on the website of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange dated August 9, 2024.
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024   101




                                                                               Corporate Governance


         Mr. Luo Feng is one of the Joint Company Secretaries of the Company. Ms. Chan Yin Wah, a joint
         Director of SWCS Corporate Services Group (Hong Kong) Limited, is the joint company secretary
         who meets the relevant professional qualification requirements of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. They
         are mainly responsible for facilitating the operation of the Board of Directors, ensuring the effective
         communication between the members of the Board of Directors and the observation of the policies
         and procedures of the Board of Directors, and ensuring the compliance of the Company with Hong
         Kong Listing Rules and other regulations. Any Director can discuss with, seek advice from and obtain
         information from the secretary of the Company. Ms. Chan Yin Wah’s main contact person in our
         Company is Mr. Luo Feng.

         During the reporting period, Mr. Luo Feng and Ms. Chan Yin Wah were both complied with the
         requirements of Rule 3.29 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.

(XI)     Securities Transactions of Directors and Supervisors
         The Company has adopted a code of conduct for securities transactions by Directors and supervisors no
         less exacting than the Model Code in the Appendix C3 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules. The Company
         had inquired all the Directors and Supervisors and confirmed that they had been complying with the
         aforesaid code of conduct during the reporting period.

(XII) R e l a t i o n s h i p b e t w e e n D i r e c t o r s , S u p e r v i s o r s a n d S e n i o r
      Management
         There is no financial, business, family or other material/affiliated relationship between the Directors,
         Supervisors and senior management of the Company.

(XIII) Shareholders’ Rights
         The Shareholders shall enjoy the following rights in accordance with the Articles of Association:

1.       To hold extraordinary general meeting
         At the request of the Shareholders separately or jointly holding 10% or more of the total Shares, the
         Company shall hold an extraordinary general meeting within two months.

         When the Shareholders request to convene an extraordinary general meeting or a Shareholders’ class
         meeting, the following procedures shall be observed: the Shareholders separately or jointly holding 10%
         or more of the total Shares submit a written proposal to the Board of Directors and explain the meeting
         topics. The Board of Directors shall reply in written form within ten days after receiving the proposal
         as for agreeing or disagreeing to convene the extraordinary general meeting or a Shareholders’ class
         meeting.

         If the Board of Directors agrees to convene an extraordinary general meeting or a Shareholders’ class
         meeting, a notice of convening the general meeting shall be sent within five days after the resolution
         made by the Board of Directors. Any change to the original proposal in the notice shall be approved by
         the relevant Shareholders.
102    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Corporate Governance


               If the Board of Directors does not agree to convene the extraordinary general meeting or a Shareholders’
               class meeting, or fails to reply within ten days after receiving the proposal, the Shareholders separately or
               jointly holding 10% or more of the total Shares have the right to propose to the Supervisory Committee
               to hold the extraordinary general meeting or a Shareholders’ class meeting, provided that written request
               shall be submitted to the Supervisory Committee.

               If the Supervisory Committee agrees to convene an extraordinary general meeting or a Shareholders’
               class meeting, the notice of convening the general meeting shall be sent within five days after the receipt
               of the request. Any change to the original proposal in the notice shall be approved by the relevant
               Shareholders.

               If the Supervisory Committee fails to provide the notice of holding general meeting or a Shareholders’
               class meeting within the specified period, it shall be deemed that Supervisory Committee will not convene
               and preside over the general meeting or a Shareholders’ class meeting, the Shareholders separately or
               jointly holding 10% or more of the total Shares may convene and preside over such meetings at their
               own discretion.

               If the Supervisory Committee or the Shareholders decide to convene the general meeting on their own,
               they shall notify the Board of Directors in writing and file with the local banking supervisory authorities
               and other regulatory authorities. The Board of Directors and the secretary to the Board of Directors shall
               cooperate. The Board of Directors shall provide the register of members as of the record date, and the
               reasonable cost required for the meeting shall be borne by the Company, which shall be deducted from
               the payment due to the default Directors.

      2.       To make proposal to the general meeting
               The Shareholders separately or jointly holding 3% or more of the voting Shares have the right to make
               proposals to the general meeting.

               The Shareholders separately or jointly holding 3% or more of the voting Shares may make temporary
               proposal and submit in written form to the convener ten days before the holding date of the general
               meeting or at least two days before the deadline for providing supplementary notice of general
               meeting as stipulated by Hong Kong Listing Rules (whichever is earlier). The convener shall issue the
               supplementary notice of the general meeting within two days after receiving the relevant proposal to
               disclose the contents of the temporary proposal. For the contact details, please refer to “Company
               Profile” of this report.

      3.       To hold extraordinary meeting of Board of Directors
               At the request of the shareholders separately or jointly holding 10% or more of the total Shares, the
               Chairman shall convene and preside over an extraordinary meeting of Board of Directors within ten days
               after receiving the proposal.
                                                                                               Annual Report 2024    103




                                                                            Corporate Governance


4.    To make inquiries with the Board of Directors
      The shareholders have the right to obtain the relevant information according to the laws, regulations
      and Articles of Association. They can obtain the copies of the Articles of Association after paying the
      relevant costs. They have the right to access and copy the following information after paying reasonable
      fees: any and all parts of the share register; personal information of the Directors, Supervisors and senior
      management of the Company; the Company’s equity status; the report of total par values, quantity,
      maximum price and minimum price of each class of shares repurchased by the Company since the
      last financial year as well as the total expenses the Company paid for this; meeting minutes of general
      meetings, resolutions of the meetings of Board of Directors, resolutions of the meetings of Supervisory
      Committee; bond stubs of the Company; the audited financial report, report of Board of Directors, report
      of Supervisory Committee, and report of auditors for the last fiscal period, the annual report for the last
      fiscal period that has been filed with the State Administration for Market Regulation or other regulatory
      authorities. For the contact details, please refer to “Company Profile” of this report.

(XIV) Implementation of Information Disclosure
      During the reporting period, the Company faithfully performed the obligation of information disclosure,
      constantly improved regular reporting disclosures, and disclosed temporary announcements in a more
      active and timely manner, with continuous improvement of the effectiveness and transparency of
      information disclosure.

      The Company prohibits its staff from trading or recommending others to trade by making use of inside
      information. The Company established information disclosure management system, which has identified
      the department responsible for inside information disclosures, to disclose information in a timely and
      compliant manner according to the requirements and procedures of Rules Governing the Listing of
      Stocks on Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong Listing Rules.

      During the reporting period, the Company truly, accurately and completely carried out information
      disclosure work in a timely manner, strictly in accordance with the requirements of relevant information
      disclosure laws and regulations. The Company disclosed a total of 95 various announcements for A
      Shares on the newspapers designated by the CSRC, including China Securities Journal, Shanghai
      Securities News, Securities Times and Securities Daily, the websites of the Shanghai Stock Exchange
      and the Company, and disclosed a total of 131 various announcements for H Shares on the websites
      of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the Company, which ensured that all shareholders had equal
      opportunity to get relevant information of the Company.

(XV) Investor Relations Management
      During the reporting period, the Company continued to deepen its investor relations management efforts,
      by focusing on strategy and core value promotion, and increasing transparency in information disclosure.
      It expanded communication channels with investors and continued to enhance investors’ recognition
      of the Company. In 2024, the Company was awarded the 15th “Tianma Award” for Investor Relations
      Management of Listed Companies in China, the “Best Practices in Presentation of Annual Report 2023”
      by the Association of Listed Companies of China and was transferred to the SSE 180 Index.
104    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Corporate Governance


               Firstly, the coverage of the publicity of the results presentation continued to expand. The Company
               strictly implemented various regulatory requirements, held annual, half-year and third quarter regular
               results presentation meetings with high quality and standard, and realized a continuous increase in
               the attention of the results presentation meetings through multi-channel and multi-level invitations and
               publicity. With innovative annual results presentation format, the annual results presentation was held
               in two places, overseas (Hong Kong) and domestic (Shenzhen), 25 foreign investment organizations
               and 12 foreign media were invited to participate in the Hong Kong results presentation, 24 domestic
               investment organizations and 30 domestic media were invited to participate in the domestic on-site
               results presentation, and other investors participated in the meeting via live webcast, which achieved the
               expected results and was also recognized by the China Listed Companies Association. Communications
               were broadened in the half-year and third-quarter results presentation through the online formats.

               Secondly, the form and content of the promotion and exchange activities continued to be enriched.
               The Company proactively launched various forms of “going out” and “inviting in” activities, continuously
               enhanced the frequency of daily exchanges with analysts of brokerage firms, fund researchers,
               institutional investors, etc. On the occasion of the 20th anniversary of the Company, we invited
               mainstream analysts in the market to participate in the seminar on the theme of high-quality development
               and implementation of the “five finances”, the Company’s account manager skills competition, and the
               dialogue on the theme of strengthening the country through finance. we also launched in-depth activities
               of the Investor Open Day with special features, and focused on the key strategy of “deepening Zhejiang
               development”, and carried out the Investor Open Day activity of visiting branches in Zhejiang Province.
               We also invited a research team comprising analysts, fund managers and researchers to conduct on-site
               research at branches and important clients in the province.

               Thirdly, we continued to innovate in the way of digital publicity on investor’s relationship. The Company
               continued to increase the frequency of updating its official account “Zheshang Bank”, linking the
               Company’s FICC public number to synchronize the delivery of financial market research viewpoints, and
               integrating the content of the “5-15 National Investor Protection Publicity Day” themed publicity activities
               into a single map. We invited the chief analyst of the banking industry of a well-known brokerage firm to
               have a dialogue with the person-in-charge of the relevant internal business departments of the Company,
               and launched a live broadcast activity with the theme of “through the cycle of stability to the end (穿
               越週期行穩致遠)”, which was broadcasted simultaneously on the Wechat and Tiktok platforms, with a
               cumulative total of more than 30,000 viewers, and achieved the expected results.

               Fourthly, the Company continued to enhance the satisfaction level of daily communication with small and
               medium-sized investors. During the reporting period, the Company maintained daily communication with
               small and medium-sized investors, regularly responded to SSE e-interactive investor questions, handled
               IR mailboxes, answered investor hotline calls, and made good records of investor exchanges and
               feedback.

      (XVI) Major Changes of the Articles of Association
               During the reporting period, there was no significant change in the Articles of Association of the
               Company.
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024    105




                                                                             Corporate Governance



(XVII) Statement of Compliance with the Corporate Governance Code as
       Set out in the Hong Kong Listing Rules
     The Company agrees to the principles as set out in Corporate Governance Code (Appendix C1 to the
     Hong Kong Listing Rules). From January 1, 2024, to December 31, 2024, the Company has been in full
     compliance with the code provisions under such Code, except for the following:

     Code provision C.2.1 of the Corporate Governance Code in Appendix C1 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules
     requires that the roles of chairman and chief executive should be separate and not be performed by
     the same individual. The division of responsibilities between the chairman and chief executive should be
     clearly established and set out in writing. Due to work arrangement, the Board of the Bank has agreed
     that Chairman Lu Jianqiang will act as President until the date on which a new President is appointed
     with his qualifications being approved by the National Financial Regulatory Administration. On April 10,
     2025, the Company convened the second extraordinary meeting of the seventh session of the Board in
     2025, at which the Resolution on the Appointment of President of China Zheshang Bank was considered
     and approved to appoint Mr. Chen Haiqiang as the President of the China Zheshang Bank for a term
     of office consistent with that of the seventh session of the Board. In accordance with the relevant
     regulations, the eligibility of Mr. Chen Haiqiang to be the President is subject to the approval of the
     National Financial Regulatory Administration. Prior to the approval of his eligibility to be the President, Mr.
     Chen Haiqiang will serve as an acting President, and Mr. Lu Jianqiang, the Chairman, has ceased to be
     an acting President.

     In addition, according to code provision C.1.6 of the Corporate Governance Code, independent non-
     executive directors and other non-executive directors should attend the general meetings. During the
     reporting period, four Directors of the Bank were unable to attend the 2023 annual general meeting of
     the Bank held on June 12, 2024 (the “2023 AGM”) and one Director of the Bank was unable to attend
     the first extraordinary general meeting of 2024 (the “2024 First EGM”) of the Bank held on August
     9, 2024 due to business engagement. However, there were sufficient Directors (including executive
     Directors, non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors) present at the 2024 AGM
     and the 2024 First EGM to ensure that the Board had a full and fair understanding of the views of the
     shareholders of the Company and that any Director absent from the 2023 AGM and the 2024 First EGM
     was able to obtain an understanding of the views of the shareholders of the Company expressed at the
     2024 AGM and the 2024 First EGM, if any, from the Directors present at the meetings.
106    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Corporate Governance



      (XVIII) Risk Management and Internal Control
               In accordance with the requirements of Commercial Banking Law, Basic Rules on Enterprise Internal
               Control, Internal Control Guidelines for Commercial Banks and other laws and regulations, the
               Company has established standardized corporate governance structure and defined the scope of
               rights, responsibility assignment and rules of procedures for the general meeting, Board of Directors,
               Supervisory Committee and Senior Management. Such organizations as Audit Committee and the Risk
               and Related Party Transaction Control Committee have been established under the Board of Directors
               to take charge of the establishment and implementation of sufficient and effective risk management and
               internal control system and review of the sufficiency and effectiveness of such systems. The Supervision
               Committee has been established under the Supervisory Committee to supervise the duty performance
               by Directors, Supervisors and senior management, and supervise and inspect the soundness and
               effectiveness of the internal control of the Bank. The risk management and internal control committee
               has been established under the Senior Management to take charge of the organization and coordination
               of internal control management as well as establishment and improvement of the concept, system and
               organizational structure of internal control.

               The Company has strictly complied with the relevant requirements of the Rules Governing the Listing of
               Stocks on Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Hong Kong Listing Rules, established and continuously
               improved internal control and risk management system by taking account of the practical situation of the
               Company to reasonably ensure that the operation management complies with the laws and rules, that the
               assets are safe and that the financial reports and relevant information are true and complete to improve
               the operating efficiency and effectiveness and to promote the fulfillment of development strategy. The risk
               management and internal control system is designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure
               to achieve business objectives, and the Board can only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance
               against material misstatement or loss.

               During the reporting period, the Company, focusing on the goal and vision of being a “first-class
               commercial bank”, proactively promoted the construction of its internal control system and continued to
               enhance its internal control and governance capabilities. The Company insisted on using culture building
               as the driving force to forge cultural consensus and unity of effort; building a “compliance culture” with
               compliance management as the bottom line, and continuously enhancing the awareness of internal
               control and compliance among all staff members, so as to continuously optimize the internal control
               environment. We strengthened the identification and assessment of various risks, enhanced the dynamic
               monitoring of risks, and improved the foresight and ability to identify and respond to various risks. We
               implemented the system of “unified legal person and authorized operation”, and integrated authorized
               control into the system to enhance rigid control. We timely carried out the internalization of external
               regulations and the establishment, reform, and abolition of systems, strengthened post evaluation
               of systems, and steadily promoted the construction of institutional systems. We applied information
               technology to embed compliance requirements and business control measures into processes and
               systems, continuously improving the overall control capability of the entire process. We deepened the
               promotion of digital transformation, continuously improved the construction of data governance system,
               enhanced the ability of data application and data quality control, and provided effective support for the
               management and decision-making of the Bank. We also deepened supervision and inspection, integrated
               various forms of supervision, strengthened closed-loop management of rectification and precise and
               serious accountability, and improved the quality and efficiency of rectifying violations. The stable and
               effective operation of the internal control system throughout the year has provided strong support for the
               Company to achieve high-quality development.
                                                                                              Annual Report 2024    107




                                                                            Corporate Governance


      While disclosing the annual report, the Company also disclosed the Internal Control Evaluation Report of
      China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. for 2024 in accordance with the requirements of the CSRC and Shanghai
      Stock Exchange. The report stated that the Bank had maintained effective internal control over financial
      reporting in all material aspects in accordance with the standard system for enterprise internal control
      and relevant rules as at December 31, 2024 (benchmark date). KPMG Huazhen LLP has audited the
      effectiveness of the Bank’s internal control over financial reporting as at December 31, 2024 and issued
      the standardized audit report on internal control.

(XIX) External Auditors and Their Remuneration
      For the Company’s external auditors and their remuneration, please see “Directors’ Report – Employment
      of Accounting Firms” of this report.

      The responsibility statement of the Company’s external auditors on its financial statements is set out in
      “Financial Report” of this report.

(XX) Internal Audit
      The Bank has established an independent and vertical audit management system, which is accountable
      to and reports to the Board of Directors and the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, and is
      subject to the guidance and supervision of the Supervisory Committee. At present, the Bank has
      set up 22 audit offices, which are directly led and centrally managed by the Audit Department of the
      Head Office and are accountable to the Audit Department of the Head Office. In accordance with the
      regulatory requirements, an audit department has been set up separately in the Hong Kong Branch. The
      four direct audit divisions at the head office level are managed on a regional basis, corresponding to the
      relevant departments of the head office according to the five major business segments to strengthen the
      professionalization of audit, and corresponding to a number of branches according to the geographic
      area to strengthen the management responsibility for the stationed organizations. Meanwhile, the
      Integrated Management Center (Evaluation and Accountability Center), Off-site Audit Center, Quality
      Control Center, and Supervisory Affairs Center were set up to strengthen audit quality control and risk
      event accountability management, enhance the standard of digital audit management, improve the
      internal audit mechanism, and continuously enhance the independence, proactivity, and precision of the
      auditing work.

      During the reporting period, internal audit continued to be guided by the vision of being a “first-class
      commercial bank”, with deepened five-word ecosystem. The Bank strictly implemented the work
      positioning of “audit is the main channel and the main position for implementing the keynote of strictness,
      and it is the main engine and the main force for strengthening comprehensive risk management,
      systematic reshaping, and constructing a large supervisory system”, comprehensively strengthened audit
      supervision, prevented and mitigated risks and latent dangers. Based on the decisions and deployments
      of the Party Committee and the Board of Directors of the Bank, we focused on key positions, key issues,
      and key behaviors, and strengthened our audit efforts in major strategies, key areas, and weak links,
      so as to further develop the role of audit as a probe to serve the overall situation of the Bank under the
      leadership of the Party Committee of the Bank.
108    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders


      (I)      Changes in Ordinary Shares
      1.       Table of Changes in Ordinary Shares
                                                                                                                Unit: Share, %
                                                                                        During the
                                                                                         reporting      December 31, 2024
                                                             December 31, 2023              period
                                                                                        Number of
                                                                           Proportion    Changes                      Proportion
                                                                Number            (%)     (shares)         Number           (%)


               I. Restricted shares                                    –           –            –                 –           –
               II. Unrestricted shares outstanding        27,464,635,963      100.00            –    27,464,635,963      100.00
                    1. RMB ordinary shares                21,544,435,963       78.44            –    21,544,435,963       78.44
                    2. Domestically listed foreign shares              –           –            –                 –           –
                    3. Foreign shares listed abroad        5,920,200,000       21.56            –     5,920,200,000       21.56
                    4. Other                                           –           –            –                 –           –
               III. Total number of ordinary shares       27,464,635,963      100.00            –    27,464,635,963      100.00

               As of the end of the reporting period, the issued shares of the Company were 27,464,635,963 ordinary
               shares, including 21,544,435,963 A Shares and 5,920,200,000 H Shares.

      2.       Description on Change in Ordinary Shares
               None.

      3.       Effects of Change in Ordinary Shares on Financial Indicators such as Earnings per
               Share and Net Assets per Share for the Latest Year and Period
               None.
                                                                                            Annual Report 2024   109




                           Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders



(II)   Issuance and Listing of Securities
1.     Issuance of Securities during the Reporting Period
       During the Reporting Period, the Company did not issue new ordinary shares nor sell any treasury shares
       (as defined in the Hong Kong Listing Rules) for cash.

2.     Description on Change in Asset and Liability Structure
       None.
110    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders



      (III) Information on Shareholders of Ordinary Shares
               Number of Shareholders of Ordinary Shares and Their Shareholdings
               As of the end of the reporting period, the Bank had 224,112 shareholders of ordinary shares in total,
               including 224,002 shareholders of A Shares and 110 shareholders of H Shares. As of the end of the last
               month before the publication date of this Annual Report, there were 222,583 shareholders of ordinary
               shares in total, including 222,473 shareholders of A Shares and 110 shareholders of H Shares.

               As of the end of the reporting period, the table of shareholdings of the top ten shareholders and top ten
               shareholders of circulating shares (excluding shares lent through the transfer facility) was as follows:

                                                                                                                                                    Unit: Share
                                                    Increase/
                                                    decrease       Number of
                                                   during the     shares held                                             Pledge or freezing
               Name of Shareholder                  reporting      at the end   Proportion   Class of                 Status of                 Nature of
               (full name)                             period       of period          (%)   shares                   Shares           Number   shareholders


               HKSCC Nominees Limited                 +9,840    5,919,877,320       21.55    H Share without          unknown               –   –
                                                                                               selling restrictions
               Zhejiang Provincial Financial                –   3,452,076,906       12.57    A Share without          –                     –   State-owned
                 Holdings Co., Ltd.                                                            selling restrictions                               Legal Person
               Hengdian Group Holdings                      –   1,615,542,387        5.88    A Share without          –                     –   Domestic
                 Limited                                                                       selling restrictions                               Non-state-owned
                                                                                                                                                  Legal Person
               Zhejiang Provincial Energy          +2,000,000   1,093,531,078        3.98    A Share without          –                     –   State-owned
                 Group Co., Ltd                                                                selling restrictions                               Legal Person
               Xintai Life Insurance Co., Ltd.   +996,325,468    996,325,468         3.63    A Share without          –                     –   State-owned
                 – self owned capital                                                          selling restrictions                               Legal Person
               Taiping life Insurance                       –    921,538,465         3.36    A Share without          –                     –   State-owned
                 Co., Ltd.                                                                     selling restrictions                               Legal Person
               Minsheng life Insurance                      –    768,593,847         2.80    A Share without          –                     –   Domestic
                 Co., Ltd. – self owned                                                        selling restrictions                               Non-state-owned
                 capital                                                                                                                          Legal Person
               Zhejiang Hengyi High-tech                    –    660,490,068         2.40    A Share without          pledged    508,069,283    Domestic
                 Materials Co., Ltd.                                                           selling restrictions                               Non-state-owned
                                                                                                                                                  Legal Person
               Zhejiang Hengyi Group                        –    643,052,319         2.34    A Share without          pledged    643,052,319    Domestic
                 Co., Ltd.                                                                     selling restrictions                               Non-state-owned
                                                                                                                                                  Legal Person
               Xizi Elevator Group Co., Ltd       -10,342,800    601,817,646         2.19    A Share without          –                     –   Domestic
                                                                                               selling restrictions                               Non-state-owned
                                                                                                                                                  Legal Person

               Notes:

               1.      The number of shares held by HKSCC Nominees Limited was the sum of shares of the Company’s holders of
                       H-shares which were trading in its transaction system.
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024      111




                             Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders


      2.   As of the end of the reporting period, among the top ten shareholders mentioned above, Zhejiang Hengyi High –
           tech Material Co., Ltd. and Zhejiang Hengyi Group Co., Ltd. have a connected relationship. Apart from that, the
           Bank is not aware of other connected relationship between the above shareholders or whether they are parties
           acting in concert.

      3.   To the knowledge of the Company, as of the end of the reporting period, none of the shareholders listed in the
           table was involved in participating in securities lending business.

      4.   As of the end of the reporting period, Xintai Life Insurance Co., Ltd. has newly become one of the top ten
           shareholders, while Shandong International Trust Co., Ltd. (holding 572,992,903 A Shares in the Bank at the end
           of the reporting period, representing 2.09% of the total share capital) was not the top ten shareholders anymore.
           None of the aforesaid shareholders was involved in the securities lending business.


(IV) Information on the Controlling Shareholders and De Facto
     Controllers
      As of the end of the reporting period, the Bank had no controlling shareholders or de facto controllers.

(V)   Information on the Company ’s Largest Shareholder of Ordinary
      Share
      As of the end of the reporting period, Zhejiang Provincial Financial Holdings Co., Ltd. held 12.57% of the
      shares of the Company and was the Company’s largest shareholder.

      Zhejiang Provincial Financial Holdings Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “Zhejiang Financial Holdings”)
      was established in September 6, 2012 with the uniform social credit code of 913300000542040763
      and its legal representative was Yang Qiangmin (楊強民). With a registered capital of RMB12.0 billion
      and registered in Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province, Zhejiang Financial Holdings is a financial investment
      management platform of Zhejiang Provincial Government, mainly focuses on Zhejiang’s high-quality
      development and construction of common wealth demonstration area, financial modernization, global
      advanced manufacturing base and innovation curbing construction in accordance with the deployment
      of the Zhejiang Provincial Party Committee and Provincial Government, and mainly operates in such four
      major sectors as the operation and management of the government fund, financial capital investment
      and operation, digital science and technology and data assets, and strategic supportive investment. The
      controlling shareholders and de facto controllers of Zhejiang Financial Holdings is Zhejiang Provincial
      Department of Finance, which holds 100% equity interest of Zhejiang Financial Holdings.
112    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders



      (VI) Information on Substantial Shareholders of Ordinary Shares
               As at December 31, 2024
                                                                                                                                                                Unit: Share, %
                                                                                        Reasons for
                                            Number of       Separately          Jointly being the          Number of                                     Parties     Ultimate
                   Name of                 shares held    shareholding    shareholding Substantial           pledged Controlling         De facto        acting in   beneficial
               No. Shareholder                 (share)            ratio           ratio Shareholders          shares shareholders        controllers     concert     owners


               1    Zhejiang              3,452,076,906           12.57          12.57 Holding 5% or               – Zhejiang        Zhejiang Provincial Nil         Zhejiang
                      Provincial                                                         more of the                   Provincial      Department of                   Provincial
                      Financial                                                          Bank’s shares                 Department of Finance                           Financial
                      Holdings                                                           and dispatch                  Finance                                         Holdings Co.,
                      Co., Ltd.                                                          Directors to                                                                  Ltd.
                                                                                         the Bank
               2    Zhejiang              1,093,531,078            3.98                                            – State-owned                       Nil           Zhejiang
                      Provincial                                                                                       Assets                                          Provincial
                      Energy Group                                                                                     Supervision and                                 Energy Group
                      Co., Ltd.                                                                                        Administration                                  Co., Ltd.
                                                                                       Holding 5%                      Commission of
                                                                                         or more of                    the People’s State-owned
                                                                                                                       Government      Assets
                                                                                         the Bank’s
                                                                                                                       of Zhejiang     Supervision And
                                                                                         shares in
                                                                                                                       Province        Administration
                                                                                         total with the
                                                                                  6.73                                                 Commission of
               3    Zhejiang Energy        475,322,900             1.73                  related parties           – Zheneng Capital                   Nil           Zheneng Capital
                                                                                                                                       the People’s
                      Capital                                                            and jointly                   Holdings                                        Holdings
                                                                                                                                       Government of
                      Investment                                                         dispatch                      Limited                                         Limited
                                                                                                                                       Zhejiang
                      (Hong Kong)                                                        Directors to
                                                                                                                                       Province
                      Limited (H share)                                                  the Bank
               4    Zhejiang Energy        280,075,000             1.02                                            – Zhejiang Energy                     Nil         Zhejiang Energy
                      International                                                                                    Group Co., Ltd.                                 International
                      Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                                        Co., Ltd.
                      (H share)
                                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024             113




                                Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders



                                                                      Reasons for
                          Number of       Separately          Jointly being the       Number of                                       Parties     Ultimate
    Name of              shares held    shareholding    shareholding Substantial        pledged Controlling           De facto        acting in   beneficial
No. Shareholder              (share)            ratio           ratio Shareholders       shares shareholders          controllers     concert     owners


5    Zhejiang Hengyi     660,490,068             2.40                                 508,069,283 Zhejiang Hengyi                     Nil         Zhejiang Hengyi
       High-tech                                                                                    Petrochemical                                   High-tech
       Material                                                                                     Co., Ltd.                                       Material Co.,
       Co., Ltd.                                                     Holding 5% or                                                                  Ltd.
6    Zhejiang            643,052,319             2.34                 more of the 643,052,319 Hangzhou Wan                          Nil           Zhejiang Hengyi
       Hengyi Group                                                   Bank’s shares               Yong Industrial                                   Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                5.88                                              Qiu Jianlin (邱建林)
       Co., Ltd.                                                      in total with               Investment Co.,
                                                                      the related                 Ltd.
7    Zhejiang            312,000,000             1.14                 parties       240,000,000 Heng Yi                             Nil           Zhejiang Hengyi
       Hengyi                                                                                   Petrochemical                                       Petrochemical
       Petrochemical                                                                              Co., Ltd.                                         Co., Ltd.
       Co., Ltd.
8    Hengdian Group     1,615,542,387            5.88           5.88 Holding 5% or             – Dongyang       Dongyang      Nil                 Hengdian Group
      Holdings                                                        more of the                 Hengdian       Hengdian                          Holdings
      Limited                                                         Bank’s shares               Association    Association                       Limited
                                                                      and dispatch                For Economics For Economics
                                                                      Directors to                Corporation    Corporation
                                                                      the Bank
9    Zhejiang Seaport   1,203,410,000            4.38                                          – Zhejiang                             Nil         Zhejiang
       (Hong Kong)                                                                                 Seaport Asset                                    Provincial
       Co., Limited                                                                                Management                                       Seaport
       (H share)                                                                                   Co., Ltd.      State-owned                       Investment
                                                                     Holding 5% or                                  Assets                        & Operation
                                                                      more of the                                   Supervision and               Group Co., Ltd.
10   Zhejiang            175,890,000             0.64           5.02
                                                                      Bank’s shares            – Ningbo Municipal Administration Nil              Zhejiang
       Provincial                                                     in total with                People’s         Commission of                   Provincial
       Seaport                                                        the related                  Government       the People’s                    Seaport
       Investment                                                     parties                      State-owned      Government of                   Investment
       & Operation                                                                                 Assets           Zhejiang Province               & Operation
       Group Co.,                                                                                   Supervision and                                 Group Co., Ltd.
       Ltd. (H share)                                                                               Administration
                                                                                                    Commission
114    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders



                                                                                     Reasons for
                                          Number of      Separately          Jointly being the          Number of                                        Parties     Ultimate
                   Name of               shares held   shareholding    shareholding Substantial           pledged Controlling         De facto           acting in   beneficial
               No. Shareholder               (share)           ratio           ratio Shareholders          shares shareholders        controllers        concert     owners


               11   Xintai Life          996,325,468            3.63                                            –                                                    Xintai Life
                      Insurance                                                                                                                                        Insurance
                      Co., Ltd. – self                                                                                                                                 Co., Ltd.
                      owned capital                                                   Dispatch
                                                                               4.99     Supervisors                 Nil               Nil                 Nil
                    Xintai Life          373,691,000            1.36                    to the Bank
                      Insurance
                      Co., Ltd.
                      (H share)
               12   Zhejiang China       587,298,906            2.14                                            – Shaoxing City                           Nil        Zhejiang China
                      Light & Textile                                                                               Keqiao District                                    Light & Textile
                      Industrial                                                                                    Development                                        Industrial City
                      City Group                                                    Dispatch                        and Operation                                      Group Co., Ltd.
                      Co., Ltd.                                                       Supervisors to                Group Co., Ltd. Shaoxing Keqiao
               13   Shaoxing City        393,891,313            1.43           3.57 the Bank with               – Shaoxing Keqiao       District People’s Nil        Shaoxing City
                      Keqiao District                                                 the related                   District State-     Government                     Keqiao District
                      Development                                                     parties jointly               owned Assets                                       Development
                      and Operation                                                                                 Investment and                                     and Operation
                      Group                                                                                         Operation Co.,                                     Group Co., Ltd.
                      Co., Ltd.                                                                                     Ltd.
               14   Taiping life         921,538,465            3.36           3.36 Dispatch                    – China Taiping       Ministry of Finance Nil        Taiping life
                      Insurance                                                       Directors to                 Insurance           of the People’s                 Insurance Co.,
                      Co., Ltd.                                                       the Bank                     Holdings Ltd.       Republic of China               Ltd.


      (VII) Pledge and Freezing of Ordinary Shares
               As at the end of the reporting period, to the knowledge of the Company, 2,462,185,222 shares of the
               Bank (representing 8.96% of the total ordinary shares in issue) were pledged, of which, 300,912,541
               shares were subject to judicial freezing (including judicial markings).
                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2024          115




                                      Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders



(VIII) Interests in Shares and Short Positions in Accordance with the
       Hong Kong Securities and Futures Ordinance
      As of December 31, 2024, in accordance with the register kept by the Company under section 336 of
      the SFO and so far as the Company is aware, the following persons (excluding the Company’s Directors,
      supervisors and chief executive (as defined in the Hong Kong Listing Rules)) had an interest or short
      position in the Shares or underlying Shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the
      Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or directly or indirectly held 5%
      or more of any class of share capital of the Company:

                                                                                                                                      Approximate
                                                                                                                   Approximate      percentage of
                                             Nature of                                                Number of     Percentage         the relevant
                                             interests and                        Long/short              shares     of interest   class of shares
      Name of Shareholder                    capacity                   Class     position              (shares)             (%)                (%)


      Zhejiang Province Financial Holdings beneficial owner             A-share   long positions   3,452,076,906          12.57              16.02
        Co., Ltd.
      Zhejiang Hengyi Group Co., Ltd.      beneficial owner and         A-share   long positions   1,615,542,387           5.88               7.50
                                              interests in controlled
                                              corporations
      Qiu Jianlin                          interests in controlled      A-share   long positions   1,615,542,387           5.88               7.50
                                              corporations
      Hengdian Group Holdings Limited      beneficial owner             A-share   long positions   1,615,542,387           5.88               7.50
      Hengdian Association for Economic interests in controlled         A-share   long positions   1,615,542,387           5.88               7.50
        Corporation                           corporations
      Zhejiang Provincial Energy Group     beneficial owner             A-share   long positions   1,090,531,078           3.97               5.06
        Co., Ltd
      Zhejiang Provincial Energy Group     interests in controlled      H share   long positions    755,397,900            2.75              12.76
        Co., Ltd                              corporations
      Zhejiang Energy Capital Holdings     interests in controlled      H share   long positions    755,397,900            2.75              12.76
        Limited                               corporations
      Zhejiang Energy Capital Investment beneficial owner               H share   long positions    475,322,900            1.73               8.03
        (Hong Kong) Limited
116    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders


                                                                                                                                             Approximate
                                                                                                                          Approximate      percentage of
                                                   Nature of                                                 Number of     Percentage         the relevant
                                                   interests and                         Long/short              shares     of interest   class of shares
               Name of Shareholder                 capacity                    Class     position              (shares)             (%)                (%)


               Zhejiang Provincial Seaport         beneficial owner and        H share   long positions   1,379,300,000           5.02              23.30
                 Investment & Operation Group        interests in controlled
                 Co., Ltd.                           corporations
               Zhejiang Seaport (Hong Kong)        beneficial owner            H share   long positions   1,203,410,000           4.38              20.33
                 Co., Ltd.
               Zhejiang Seaport Asset Management   interests in controlled     H share   long positions   1,203,410,000           4.38              20.33
                 Co., Ltd.                            corporations
               Yancoal International (Holdings)    beneficial owner            H share   long positions    933,897,000            3.40              15.77
                 Co., Ltd.
               Yanzhou Coal Mining Company         interests in controlled     H share   long positions    933,897,000            3.40              15.77
                 Limited                              corporations
               Yankuang Group Co., Ltd.            interests in controlled     H share   long positions    933,897,000            3.40              15.77
                                                      corporations
               Xintai Life Insurance Co., Ltd.     beneficial owner            H share   long positions    373,691,000            1.36               6.31
               Aeon Life Insurance Co. Ltd.        beneficial owner            H share   long positions    349,611,600            1.27               5.91

               Save as disclosed above, the Company was unaware of any other person (excluding the Company’s
               Directors, Supervisors and chief executive (as defined in the Hong Kong Listing Rules)) who had an
               interest or short position in the Shares or underlying Shares of the Company which would fall to be
               disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or any interest
               or short position as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 336
               of the SFO on December 31, 2024.
                                                                                                Annual Report 2024    117




                            Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders



(IX)   Issue of Bonds
       On September 24, 2021, according to the approvals in the documents issued by the former CBIRC
       (Yin Bao Jian Fu [2021] No. 717) and People’s Bank of China (Yin Xu Zhun Yu Zi [2021] No. 19), the
       Company publicly issued the first tranche of 2021 special financial bonds for small and micro corporate
       loans of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. in the amount of RMB10 billion in the national inter-bank bond
       market. This tranche of bonds has a term of 3 years and bear interest at fixed interest rate, and all
       proceeds from the issue of the bonds will be used specially for extending small and micro corporate
       loans. The Company was awarded an entity credit rating of AAA by China Chengxin International Credit
       Rating Co., Ltd. with a stable rating outlook, and the credit rating for this tranche of financial bonds was
       AAA. The tranche of bonds was matured and redeemed on September 27, 2024.

       On February 23, 2022, according to the approvals in the documents issued by the former CBIRC (Yin
       Bao Jian Fu [2021] No. 717) and People’s Bank of China (Yin Xu Zhun Yu Zi [2021] No. 19), the Company
       publicly issued the first tranche of 2022 special financial bonds for small and micro corporate loans of
       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. in the amount of RMB10 billion in the national inter-bank bond market.
       On April 7, 2022, according to the approvals in the documents issued by the former CBIRC (Yin Bao Jian
       Fu [2021] No. 717) and People’s Bank of China (Yin Xu Zhun Yu Zi [2021] No. 19), the Company publicly
       issued the second tranche of 2022 special financial bonds for small and micro corporate loans of China
       Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. in the amount of RMB10 billion in the national inter-bank bond market. These
       two tranches of bonds have the term of 3 years and bear interest at fixed interest rate, and proceeds
       from the issue of the bonds will be used specially for extending small and micro corporate loans,
       increasing the support for credit availability to small and micro enterprises as well as boosting stable and
       healthy development of the businesses of small and micro enterprises pursuant to applicable laws and
       approval from regulatory authorities. The Company was awarded an entity credit rating of AAA by China
       Chengxin International Credit Rating Co., Ltd. with a stable rating outlook, and the credit rating for these
       two tranches of financial bonds was AAA.

       On October 18, 2022, according to the approvals in the Affirmative Decision of Administrative License
       from People’s Bank of China issued by People’s Bank of China (Yin Xu Zhun Yu Jue Zi [2022] No.
       40), the Company publicly issued the third tranche of 2022 special financial bonds for small and micro
       corporate loans of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. in the amount of RMB10 billion in the national inter-
       bank bond market. This tranche of bonds has a term of 3 years for RMB5 billion and a term of 5 years for
       remaining RMB5 billion and bear interest at fixed interest rate, and proceeds from the issue of the bonds
       will be used specially for extending small and micro corporate loans and supporting the construction of
       Zhejiang Demonstration Zone for Common Prosperity. The Company was awarded an entity credit rating
       of AAA by China Chengxin International Credit Rating Co., Ltd. with a stable rating outlook, and the
       credit rating for this tranche of financial bonds was AAA.

       On December 13, 2022, according to the approvals in the Affirmative Decision of Administrative License
       from People’s Bank of China issued by People’s Bank of China (Yin Xu Zhun Yu Jue Zi [2022] No.
       40), the Company publicly issued 2022 green financial bonds of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. in the
       amount of RMB10 billion in the national inter-bank bond market. This tranche of bonds has a term of
       3 years and bears interest at fixed interest rate, and proceeds from the issue of the bonds will be used
       in the green industrial projects stipulated by Green Bond Endorsed Project Catalogue (2021 Edition)
       pursuant to applicable laws and approval from regulatory authorities. The Company was awarded an
       entity credit rating of AAA by China Chengxin International Credit Rating Co., Ltd. with a stable rating
       outlook, and the credit rating for this tranche of financial bonds was AAA.
118    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders


               On December 13, 2022, according to the approvals in the Affirmative Decision of Administrative License
               from People’s Bank of China issued by People’s Bank of China (Yin Xu Zhun Yu Jue Zi [2022] No. 40),
               the Company publicly issued 2022 special financial bonds for “agriculture, rural areas and farmers” of
               China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. in the amount of RMB5 billion in the national inter-bank bond market.
               This tranche of bonds has a term of 3 years and bears interest at fixed interest rate, and all proceeds
               from the issue of the bonds will be used specially for extending agriculture-related loans, increasing
               the support for credit availability to the fields of “agriculture, rural areas and farmers”, boosting the
               development of issuers’ financial services regarding “agriculture, rural areas and farmers” in a rapid and
               healthy manner, and strengthening the support for financial services regarding rural revitalization pursuant
               to applicable laws and approval from regulatory authorities. The Company was awarded an entity credit
               rating of AAA by China Chengxin International Credit Rating Co., Ltd. with a stable rating outlook, and
               the credit rating for this tranche of financial bonds was AAA.

               On April 24, 2023, according to the approvals in the Affirmative Decision of Administrative License from
               People’s Bank of China issued by People’s Bank of China (Yin Xu Zhun Yu Jue Zi [2023] No. 32), the
               Company publicly issued the first tranche of 2023 special financial bonds for small and micro corporate
               loans of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd in the amount of RMB10 billion in the national inter-bank bond
               market. This tranche of bonds has a term of 3 years and bears interest at fixed interest rate, and all
               proceeds from the issue of the bonds will be used specially for extending small and micro corporate
               loans, increasing the support for credit availability to small and micro enterprises as well as boosting
               stable and healthy development of the businesses of small and micro enterprises. The Company was
               awarded an entity credit rating of AAA by China Chengxin International Credit Rating Co., Ltd. with a
               stable rating outlook, and the credit rating for this tranche of financial bonds was AAA.

               On May 25, 2023, according to the Approvals by CBIRC on the Issuance of Capital Instruments by China
               Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. issued by former CBIRC (Yin Bao Jian Fu [2023] No. 254) and the approvals in
               the Affirmative Decision of Administrative License from People’s Bank of China issued by People’s Bank
               of China (Yin Xu Zhun Yu Jue Zi [2023] No. 32), the Company publicly issued tier 2 capital bonds of 2023
               China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. in an amount of RMB20 billion in the national inter-bank bond market.
               This tranche of bonds has a term of 10 years and bears interest at fixed interest rate, with a conditional
               issuer’s redemption right at the end of the 5th year, which entitles the issuer to redeem the bonds
               partially or wholly at par subject to the approval of the relevant regulatory authorities. All proceeds from
               the issue of the bonds will be used to replenish the tier 2 capital of the Company and optimize its capital
               structure and promote the sound development of its business. The Company was awarded an entity
               credit rating of AAA by China Chengxin International Credit Rating Co., Ltd. with a stable rating outlook,
               and the credit rating for this tranche of tier 2 capital bonds was AAA.

               On July 24, 2023, according to the approvals in the Affirmative Decision of Administrative License from
               People’s Bank of China issued by People’s Bank of China (Yin Xu Zhun Yu Jue Zi [2023] No. 32), the
               Company publicly issued the first tranche of 2023 financial bonds of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd in
               the amount of RMB30 billion in the national inter-bank bond market. This tranche of bonds has a term of
               3 years and bears interest at fixed interest rate, and all proceeds from the issue of the bonds will be used
               to meet the needs of asset liability allocation, enrich funding sources, optimize debt maturity structure,
               and promote stable business development. The Company was awarded an entity credit rating of AAA by
               China Chengxin International Credit Rating Co., Ltd. with a stable rating outlook, and the credit rating for
               this tranche of financial bonds was AAA.
                                                                                          Annual Report 2024    119




                     Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders


On November 3, 2023, according to the approvals in the Affirmative Decision of Administrative License
from People’s Bank of China issued by People’s Bank of China (Yin Xu Zhun Yu Jue Zi [2023] No. 32),
the Company publicly issued the second tranche of 2023 special financial bonds for small and micro
corporate loans of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd in the amount of RMB15 billion in the national inter-
bank bond market. This tranche of bonds has a term of 3 years and bears interest at fixed interest
rate, and all proceeds from the issue of the bonds will be used specially for extending small and micro
corporate loans, increasing the support for credit availability to small and micro enterprises as well as
boosting stable and healthy development of the businesses of small and micro enterprises. The Company
was awarded an entity credit rating of AAA by China Chengxin International Credit Rating Co., Ltd. with a
stable rating outlook, and the credit rating for this tranche of financial bonds was AAA.

On November 23, 2023, according to the Approvals by CBIRC on the Issuance of Capital Instruments
by China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. issued by former CBIRC (Yin Bao Jian Fu [2023] No. 254) and the
approvals in the Affirmative Decision of Administrative License from People’s Bank of China issued by
People’s Bank of China (Yin Xu Zhun Yu Jue Zi [2023] No. 32), the Company publicly issued the second
tranche of tier 2 capital bonds of 2023 China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. in an amount of RMB10 billion in
the national inter-bank bond market. This tranche of bonds has a term of 10 years and bears interest at
fixed interest rate, with a conditional issuer’s redemption right at the end of the 5th year, which entitles
the issuer to redeem the bonds partially or wholly at par subject to the approval of the relevant regulatory
authorities. All proceeds from the issue of the bonds will be used to replenish the tier 2 capital of the
Company and optimize its capital structure and promote the sound development of its business. The
Company was awarded an entity credit rating of AAA by China Chengxin International Credit Rating Co.,
Ltd. with a stable rating outlook, and the credit rating for this tranche of tier 2 capital bonds was AAA.

On March 15, 2024, according to the Approval (Yin Xu Zhun Yu Jue Zi [2024] No. 6) of the People’s
Bank of China, the Company issued RMB20 billion special financial bonds for small and micro enterprise
loans (tranche I) of 2024 China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. in the national inter-bank bond market. The
first tranche of this issue has a term of 3 years and bears interest at fixed interest rate, and the second
tranche of this issue has a term of 5 years and bears interest at fixed interest rate. All proceeds from
the issue will be used to issue loans to small and micro enterprises in Zhejiang Province, supporting the
full implementation of the primary strategy of “deepening Zhejiang development”. The Company was
awarded an entity credit rating of AAA by China Chengxin International Credit Rating Co., Ltd. with a
stable rating outlook, and the credit rating for this tranche of financial bonds was AAA.

On April 17, 2024, according to the Approvals by CBIRC (Yin Bao Jian Fu [2023] No. 254) and by the
People’s Bank of China (Yin Xu Zhun Yu Jue Zi [2024] No. 6), the Company issued 10 billion tier 2 capital
bonds of 2024 China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. in the national inter-bank bond market. The bonds have
a term of 10 years and bears interest at fixed interest rate, and all proceeds from the issue will be used
to replenish the tier 2 capital of the issuer and optimize its capital structure and promote the sound
development of its business. After comprehensive evaluation by China Chengxin International Credit
Rating Co., Ltd., the credit rating of this bond was AAA, with a stable rating outlook, and the credit rating
of the Bank’s entity credit was AAA.
120    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders


               On May 15, 2024, according to the Approval (Yin Xu Zhun Yu Jue Zi [2024] No. 6) of the People’s
               Bank of China, the Company issued RMB20 billion special financial bonds of 2024 for small and micro
               enterprise loans (tranche II) of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. in the national inter-bank bond market.
               The tranche of this issue has a term of 3 years and bears interest at fixed interest rate. All proceeds from
               the issue will be used to issue loans to small and micro enterprises, supporting further the operating
               strategy of “laying assets with low sensitivity to economic cycle as a ballast stone for CZB. The Company
               was awarded an entity credit rating of AAA by China Lianhe Credit Rating Co., Ltd. with a stable rating
               outlook, and the credit rating for this tranche of financial bonds was AAA.

               On September 5, 2024, according to the Approval (Yin Xu Zhun Yu Jue Zi [2024] No. 6) of the People’s
               Bank of China, the Company issued RMB13 billion financial bonds of 2024 China Zheshang Bank Co.,
               Ltd. in the national inter-bank bond market. The tranche of this issue has a term of 3 years and bears
               interest at fixed interest rate. All proceeds from the issue will be used to meet the needs of asset and
               liability allocation, to enrich the sources of capital, to optimize the maturity structure of liabilities, and to
               promote the stable development of our business. The Company was awarded an entity credit rating of
               AAA by China Lianhe Credit Rating Co., Ltd. with a stable rating outlook, and the credit rating for this
               tranche of financial bonds was AAA.

      (X)      Information about Offshore Preference Shares
               As of the end of the reporting period, the Company had no surviving preference shares.

      (XI)     Information about Undated Capital Bond
               As considered and approved at the sixth extraordinary meeting of the fifth session of the Board of the
               Company in 2020 and the Company’s 2021 first extraordinary general meeting and with the approval
               from the former CBIRC and the People’s Bank of China, the Company successfully issued undated
               capital bonds with a total issue amount of RMB25.0 billion on November 25, 2021 in China’s national
               inter-bank bond market. The coupon rate is 3.85% during the first five years and will be adjusted every
               five years. The Company shall be entitled to redeem the bonds, in total or in partial, on every distribution
               payment date since the fifth distribution payment date (inclusive). All the proceeds will be used to
               replenish the Company’s additional tier 1 capital.
                                                                                                                             Annual Report 2024         121




      Information on Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management,
                                     Employees and Institutions

(I)     Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management
1.      Basic information of Directors, Supervisors and senior management as at the end
        of the reporting period
                                                                                                                        Remuneration
                                                                                          Number of                      before taxes       Whether
                                                                                         shares held     Number of            from the remunerated
                                                                                               at the   shares held          Company      by related
                                                                                           beginning     at the end         during the     parties of
        Name            Position           Gender   Date of birth   Term of office          of period     of period   reporting period the Company
                                                                                                                          (RMB in ten
                                                                                            (Shares)       (Shares)         thousand)

        Lu Jianqiang    Chairman,           male    1965.04         2023.08-2027.08                0             0             114.36             No
                          executive
                          director
        Ma Hong         Executive director female   1972.04         2021.11-2027.08          83,070         83,070              89.30             No
        Chen Haiqiang   Executive director, male    1974.10         2021.11-2027.08         754,000        754,000             131.90             No
                          vice president                              (Executive
                                                                      Director)
                                                                    2020.07-2027.08
                                                                      (Vice President)
        Hou Xingchuan   Non-executive      male     1976.07         2022.01-2027.08                0             0                  –            Yes
                          Director
        Ren Zhixiang    Non-executive      male     1969.02         2020.11-2027.08                0             0                  –            Yes
                          Director
        Hu Tiangao      Non-executive      male     1965.09         2004.07-2027.08                0             0                  –            Yes
                          Director
        Ying Yuxiang    Non-executive      male     1988.01         2024.05-2027.08                0             0                  –            Yes
                          Director
        Wang Guocai     Independent        male     1956.11         2018.10-2025.02                0             0              36.50             No
                          Non-executive
                          Director
        Wang Wei        Independent        male     1967.08         2020.11-2027.08                0             0              35.50             No
                          Non-executive
                          Director
        Xu Yongbin      Independent        male     1962.12         2022.02-2027.08                0             0              38.50             No
                          Non-executive
                          Director
        Fu Tingmei      Independent        male     1966.05         2023.05-2027.08                0             0              36.00             No
                          Non-executive
                          Director
        Shi Hao         Independent        male     1964.02         2024.12-2027.08                0             0               2.50             No
                          Non-executive
                          Director
122    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Information on Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees
      and Institutions

                                                                                                                                  Remuneration
                                                                                                    Number of                      before taxes       Whether
                                                                                                   shares held     Number of            from the remunerated
                                                                                                         at the   shares held          Company      by related
                                                                                                     beginning     at the end         during the     parties of
               Name            Position            Gender   Date of birth   Term of office            of period     of period   reporting period the Company
                                                                                                                                    (RMB in ten
                                                                                                      (Shares)       (Shares)         thousand)

               Guo Dingfang  Chairman of the       male     1969.10         2021.07-2027.08                  0             0              86.40             No
                               Supervisory
                               Committee
                               and Employee
                               Supervisor
               Wu Fanghua    Employee              male     1972.08         2023.01-2027.08             52,000        52,000                  –             No
                               Supervisor
               Peng Zhiyuan Employee               male     1976.01         2023.01-2027.08                  0             0                  –             No
                               Supervisor
               Du Quan       Employee              male     1970.10         2024.06-2027.08                  0             0                  –             No
                               Supervisor
               Chen Zhong    Employee              female   1974.07         2024.06-2027.08           126,900        126,900                  –             No
                               Supervisor
               Ma Xiaofeng   Shareholder           male     1977.09         2023.12-2027.08                  0             0                  –            Yes
                               Supervisor
               Wang Junbo    Shareholder           male     1978.09         2024.06-2027.08                  0             0                  –            Yes
                               Supervisor
               Gao Qiang     External supervisor   male     1960.09         2022.06-2027.08                 0              0              32.00            Yes
               Zhang Fanquan External supervisor   male     1960.08         2021.07-2027.08                 0              0              32.00             No
               Chen Sanlian  External supervisor   male     1964.11         2021.07-2027.08                 0              0              30.00             No
               Wang Congcong External supervisor   male     1980.01         2024.08-2027.08                 0              0              12.50             No
               Jing Feng     Vice President,       male     1979.12         2018.12-2024.01           744,900        744,900             131.90             No
                               Former Chief                                   (Chief Financial
                               Financial Officer                              Officer)
                                                                            2021.12-2027.08
                                                                              (Vice President)
               Luo Feng        Vice President,     male     1979.09         2021.12-2027.08           743,990        743,990             131.90             No
                                 Secretary to                                 (Vice President)
                                 the Board                                  2024.06-2027.08
                                                                              (Secretary to
                                                                              the Board)
               Lin Jingran   Vice President      male       1974.06         2023.11-2027.08           234,000        234,000             135.86             No
               Zhou Weixin   Assistant to        male       1971.06         2023.09-2027.08                 0              0             121.90             No
                               President
               Pan Huafeng   Assistant to        male       1972.01         2024.03-2027.08                  0             0             101.65             No
                               President, Chief
                               Risk Officer
               Wang Chaoming Assistant to        male       1970.10         2024.08-2027.08                  0             0              50.90             No
                               President, Former                              (Assistant to
                               Chief Information                              President)
                               Officer                                      2024.08-2025.03
                                                                              (Chief Information
                                                                              Officer)
                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024         123




Information on Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees
                                                    and Institutions

                                                                                                                Remuneration
                                                                                  Number of                      before taxes       Whether
                                                                                 shares held     Number of            from the remunerated
                                                                                       at the   shares held          Company      by related
                                                                                   beginning     at the end         during the     parties of
     Name           Position          Gender   Date of birth   Term of office       of period     of period   reporting period the Company
                                                                                                                  (RMB in ten
                                                                                    (Shares)       (Shares)         thousand)

     Hou Bo        Assistant to       male     1980.02         2024.08-2027.08      110,000        110,000              50.90             No
                     President
     Zhang Rongsen Former Executive   male     1968.10         2021.08-2024.08     1,743,430     1,743,430                  –             No
                     Director and
                     President
     Gao Qinhong   Former             female   1963.07         2004.07-2024.08             0             0                  –            Yes
                     Non-executive
                     Director
     Zhu Weiming   Former             male     1969.03         2016.12-2024.08             0             0                  –            Yes
                     Non-executive
                     Director
     Zhou Zhifang  Former             male     1956.12         2018.10-2024.09             0             0              28.50             No
                     Independent
                     Non-Executive
                     Director
     Chen Zhongwei Former Employee    male     1970.09         2018.05-2024.02             0             0                  –             No
                     Supervisor
     Song Qinghua Former external     male     1965.09         2021.07-2024.08             0             0              20.00             No
                     supervisor

     Notes:

     The nomination of directors by the present shareholders of the seventh session of the Board of Directors of the
     Company is as follows: Hou Xingchuan (Director) is nominated by shareholder Zhejiang Provincial Financial Holdings
     Co., Ltd.; Ren Zhixiang (Director) is nominated by shareholder Zhejiang Provincial Energy Group Co., Ltd., Zhejiang
     Energy Capital Investment (Hong Kong) Limited and Zhejiang Energy International Co., Ltd.; Hu Tiangao (Director) is
     nominated by shareholder Hengdian Group Holdings Limited; and Ying Yuxiang (Director) is nominated by shareholder
     Taiping Life Insurance Co., Ltd.

     The nomination of the present shareholder supervisors of the seventh session of the Supervisory Committee of the
     Company is as follows: Wang Junbo (Supervisor) is nominated by shareholder Xintai Life Insurance Co., Ltd.; Ma
     Xiaofeng (Supervisor) was nominated by shareholder Zhejiang China Textile City Group Co., Ltd., and shareholder
     Shaoxing City Keqiao District Development and Operation Group Co., Ltd.

     The Company’s employee Supervisors receive their remuneration with respect to their posts as employees and do not
     receive any remuneration as employee Supervisors.

     The time of the beginning of the term of Directors and senior management shall be subject to the approval time of the
     regulatory authority, and shall be effective from the date of first appointment for re-elected Directors, Supervisors and
     senior management.

     The aggregate pre-tax remunerations of certain Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the Company are
     still pending verified, and the information about the pre-tax remunerations of other staff will be disclosed separately
     upon confirmation of payment.
124    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Information on Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees
      and Institutions

               All shares of the Company held by Mr. Hou Bo are H Shares; Ms. Chen Zhong holds 126,900 shares of the Company,
               including 16,900 A Shares and 110,000 H Shares; and all shares held by the remaining persons are A shares.


      2.       Changes of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management
               Directors
               On May 14, 2024, Ying Yuxiang was approved by the National Financial Regulatory Administration as an
               Independent Non-executive Director of the Company and officially performed his duties.

               On June 12, 2024, Mr. Wu Zhijun was elected as a Non-executive Director of the sixth session of the
               Board of the Company and Mr. Shi Hao was elected as an Independent Non-executive Director of the
               sixth session of the Board of the Company at the 2023 annual general meeting of the Company.

               On August 9, 2024, due to the expiration of the term of office of the sixth session of the Board, the
               Company held the first extraordinary general meeting for 2024, and elected 18 members including Mr. Lu
               Jianqiang, Mr. Zhang Rongsen, Ms. Ma Hong, Mr. Chen Haiqiang, Mr. Hou Xingchuan, Mr. Ren Zhixiang,
               Mr. Ni Defeng, Mr. Hu Tiangao, Ms. Jin Guorui, Mr. Ying Yuxiang, Mr. WuZhijun, Mr. Zhou Zhifang, Mr.
               Wang Guocai, Mr. Wang Wei, Mr. Xu Yongbin, Mr. Fu Tingmei, Mr. Shi Hao and Mr. Lou Weizhong as
               members of the seventh session of the Board of the Company; Ms. Gao Qinhong and Mr. Zhu Weiming
               ceased to be Non-executive Directors of the Board of the Company. Among the newly appointed
               directors, the qualifications of Mr. Shi Hao and Mr. Lou Weizhong have been approved by the National
               Financial Regulatory Administration, and the qualifications of Mr. Ni Defeng, Ms. Jin Guorui and Mr. Wu
               Zhijun are pending approval by the National Financial Regulatory Administration.

               On August 9, 2024, Mr. Lu Jianqiang was elected as the Chairman of the Company’s seventh session of
               the Board of Directors at the first meeting of the Company’s seventh session of the Board of Directors.

               On September 24, 2024, Mr. Zhou Zhifang and Mr. Wang Guocai resigned as Independent Non-executive
               Directors of the Company and their positions in special committees under the Board of Directors as
               they were about to reach their maximum term of office as independent directors. Mr. Wang Guocai will
               continue to perform his duties as required until the new independent director is qualified for appointment.

               On February 24, 2025, Mr. Wang Guocai ceased to serve as an independent non-executive Directors, the
               Committee Chairman of the Consumer Rights Protection Committee, the member of the Risk and Related
               Party Transaction Control Committee and the member of Nomination and Remuneration Committee of
               the Company, as the qualification of Mr. Shi Hao and Mr. Lou Weizhong’ positions as Directors have
               been approved by the National Financial Regulatory Administration and the members of the special
               committees under the seventh session of Board have been elected.

               Pursuant to Rule 3.09D of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, Mr. Ying Yuxiang as a Non-executive Director
               of the Company, Mr. Shi Hao and Mr. Lou Weizhong as Independent Non-executive Directors of the
               Company obtained the legal opinion referred to in Rule 3.09D on September 9, 2024, and each of the
               above appointed Directors has confirmed that he understands his responsibilities as a Director of the
               Company.
                                                                                           Annual Report 2024   125




Information on Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees
                                                    and Institutions

     Supervisor
     On February 27, 2024, Mr. Chen Zhongwei resigned as an employee supervisor and a member of the
     Supervision Committee of the Supervisory Committee of the Company due to internal post adjustment.

     On June 12, 2024, Mr. Wang Junbo was elected as a shareholder supervisor of the sixth session of the
     Supervisory Committee of the Company at the 2023 annual general meeting of the Company.

     On June 21, 2024, the fourth meeting of the third session of the Workers and Employees’ Congress
     of the Company elected Mr. Du Quan and Ms. Chen Zhong as the employee supervisors of the sixth
     session of the Supervisory Committee of the Company.

     On August 2, 2024, the third Meeting of the fifth Workers and Employees’ Congress of the Company
     elected Mr. Guo Dingfang, Mr. Wu Fanghua, Mr. Peng Zhiyuan, Mr. Du Quan and Ms. Chen Zhong as the
     employee supervisors of the Seventh Supervisory Committee of the Company.

     On August 9, 2024, the first extraordinary general meeting of 2024 of the Company elected Mr. Ma
     Xiaofeng and Mr. Wang Junbo as the shareholder supervisors of the Seventh Supervisory Committee of
     the Company, and Mr. Gao Qiang, Mr. Zhang Fanquan, Mr. Chen Sanlian and Mr. Wang Congcong as
     the external supervisors of the Seventh Supervisory Committee of the Company.

     On August 9, 2024, Mr. Guo Dingfang was elected as the chairman of the seventh session of the
     Supervisory Committee of the Company at the first meeting of the seventh session of the Supervisory
     Committee.

     On August 9, 2024, Mr. Song Qinghua ceased to be a Supervisor and a member of the Nomination
     Committee of the Company due to the expiry of his term of office.

     Senior Management
     On January 19, 2024, Mr. Jing Feng resigned as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company due to a
     division of labor adjustment.

     On January 31, 2024, at the first interim meeting of the sixth session of the Board of Directors of the
     Company in 2024, it was agreed that Mr. Hou Bo be appointed as the Assistant to President of the
     Company.

     On March 7, 2024, Mr. Pan Huafeng’s qualifications for the positions of Assistant to President and Chief
     Risk Officer of the Company were approved by the National Financial Regulatory Administration.

     On June 7, 2024, Mr. Luo Feng was approved by the National Financial Regulatory Administration to
     serve as the Secretary to the Board of Directors of the Company.
126    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Information on Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees
      and Institutions

               On August 9, 2024, the Company convened the first meeting of the seventh session of the Board, and
               appointed Mr. Zhang Rongsen as the President, Mr. Chen Haiqiang, Mr. Jing Feng, Mr. Luo Feng and
               Mr. Lin Jingran as the Vice Presidents, Mr. Zhou Weixin, Mr. Pan Huafeng, Mr. Wang Chaoming and Mr.
               Hou Bo as the President Assistants, Mr. Luo Feng as the Secretary to the Board, Mr. Pan Huafeng as the
               Chief Risk Officer, and Mr. Wang Chaoming as the Chief Information Officer of the Company. On August
               16, 2024, Mr. Wang Chaoming’s qualification to serve as the President Assistant and Chief Information
               Officer, and Mr. Hou Bo’s qualification to serve as the President Assistant were approved by the National
               Financial Regulatory Administration.

               On August 18, 2024, Mr. Zhang Rongsen resigned as Executive Director and President of the Company
               due to personal reasons, and Mr. Lu Jianqiang, the Chairman of the Board of Directors, will act as the
               acting President before the appointment of a new President and the qualification of such position is
               approved by the National Financial Regulatory Administration.

               On March 12, 2025, Mr. Wang Chaoming resigned as the Chief Information Officer of the Company as a
               result of a change in the division of responsibilities.

               On April 10, 2025, the Company convened the second extraordinary meeting of the seventh session of
               the Board in 2025, at which the Resolution on the Appointment of President of China Zheshang Bank
               was considered and approved to appoint Mr. Chen Haiqiang as the President of the China Zheshang
               Bank for a term of office consistent with that of the seventh session of the Board. In accordance with the
               relevant regulations, the eligibility of Mr. Chen Haiqiang to be the President is subject to the approval of
               the National Financial Regulatory Administration. Prior to the approval of his eligibility to be the President,
               Mr. Chen Haiqiang will serve as an acting President, and Mr. Lu Jianqiang, the Chairman, has ceased to
               be an acting President.

      3.       Posts held by incumbent Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management in
               shareholders and those resigned during the reporting period
                                                                                                              Date of          Date of
               Name            Name of shareholder                              Position in shareholders      appointment      termination


               Hou Xingchuan   Zhejiang Provincial Financial Holdings Co., Ltd. Member of the Party           January 2021     To date
                                                                                  Committee, Deputy
                                                                                  General Manager
               Hu Tiangao      Hengdian Group Holdings Limited                  Director and Senior Vice      September 1995   To date
                                                                                  President
               Ma Xiaofeng     Zhejiang China Textile City Group Co., Ltd.      Member of the Party           May 2021         To date
                                                                                  Committee, Director,
                                                                                  Deputy General Manager
               Wang Junbo      Xintai Life Insurance Co., Ltd.                  Member of the Party           December 2023    To date
                                                                                  Committee, Executive
                                                                                  Director, Chief Financial
                                                                                  Officer
                                                                                                               Annual Report 2024   127




Information on Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees
                                                    and Institutions

4.   Posts held by incumbent Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management in other
     companies and those resigned during the reporting period
                                                                   Position in other          Date of             Date of
     Name           Name of other companies                        companies                  appointment         termination


     Ren Zhixiang   Zhejiang Energy Capital Holdings Co., Ltd.     General Manager            October 2019        To date
     Ren Zhixiang   Zhejiang Energy Capital Holdings Co., Ltd.     Director                   June 2020           To date
     Ren Zhixiang   Zhejiang Fuzhe Investment Co., Ltd.            Director                   April 2020          To date
     Ren Zhixiang   Zhejiang Property and Casualty Insurance       Vice Chairman              January 2021        To date
                      Company Limited
     Ren Zhixiang   Orient Securities co., Ltd.                    Director                   March 2021          To date
     Hu Tiangao     Hengdian Group DMEGC Magnetics Co., Ltd.       Director                   March 2008          To date
     Hu Tiangao     Apeloa Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                Director                   May 2008            To date
     Hu Tiangao     Innuovo Technology Co., Ltd.                   Director                   April 2011          To date
     Hu Tiangao     Hengdian Group Tospo Lighting Co., Ltd.        Director                   January 2013        To date
     Hu Tiangao     Hengdian Entertainment Co., Ltd.               Director                   June 2015           To date
     Hu Tiangao     Nanhua Futures Co., ltd.                       Director                   April 2021          To date
     Hu Tiangao     Zhejiang Xinna Material Technology Co., Ltd.   Director                   August 2019         To date
     Ying Yuxiang   Taiping Asset Management Co., Ltd.             Deputy General Manager     February 2024       To date
                                                                     of the Department
                                                                     (in charge of work)
     Ying Yuxiang   Inner Mongolia Dian Tou Energy Corp Ltd        Director                   April 2023          To date
     Wang Wei       Zhejiang University                            Professor                  August 1990         To date
     Wang Wei       Financial Institute of Zhejiang Province       Dean                       September 2017      To date
     Wang Wei       Zhejiang Financial Association                 Executive Vice President   June 2013           To date
     Wang Wei       Betta Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.                 Independent Director       November 2019       To date
     Wang Wei       Sunwave Communications Co., Ltd.               Independent Director       January 2020        To date
     Wang Wei       Zhejiang E-Commerce Bank Co., Ltd.             Independent Director       April 2019          To date
     Wang Wei       Wanxiang Trust Co., Ltd.                       Independent Director       April 2017          To date
     Xu Yongbin     Zhejiang Province Management Postgraduate      Convener                   October 2019        To date
                      Degree Teaching Committee
     Xu Yongbin     Zhejiang Association of CFO                    Vice Chairman              May 2019            To date
     Xu Yongbin     China Business Accounting Institute            Executive member           July 2014           July 2024
     Xu Yongbin     Zheshang Development Group Co., Ltd.           Independent director       August 2019         To date
     Xu Yongbin     Hangzhou Steam Turbine Power Group             Independent director       August 2022         To date
                      Co., Ltd.
128    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Information on Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees
      and Institutions

                                                                             Position in other             Date of          Date of
               Name            Name of other companies                       companies                     appointment      termination

               Xu Yongbin      Hangzhou United Rural Commercial Bank         Independent Director          October 2018     To date
                                 Co., Ltd.
               Fu Tingmei      Guotai Junan International Holdings limited   Independent Director          June 2010        To date
               Fu Tingmei      COFCO Joycome Foods Limited                   Independent Director          May 2016         To date
               Fu Tingmei      China Resources Pharmaceutical                Independent Director          June 2016        To date
                                 Group limited
               Fu Tingmei      China Resources Medical Holdings              Independent Director          February 2023    To date
                                 Company Limited
               Ma Xiaofeng     Shaoxing China Textile City Financial         Manager, Executive Director   October 2018     To date
                                 Holdings Co., Ltd.
               Gao Qiang       Caitong Securities Co., Ltd.                  Independent Director          November 2020    To date
               Gao Qiang       Hangzhou Jiusheng Private Equity Fund         Chairman                      January 2022     January 2025
                                 Management Co., Ltd.
               Gao Qiang       Zhejiang Jingu Financial Consulting Firm      Dean                          January 2025     To date
               Chen Sanlian    Zhejiang Weixing Intelligent Instrument       Independent Director          May 2021         November 2024
                                 Co., Ltd.
               Chen Sanlian    Zhejiang Jinggong Science & Technology        Independent Director          August 2021      To date
                                 Co., Ltd.
               Chen Sanlian    Wuchan Zhongda Group Co., Ltd.                Independent Director          May 2022         To date
               Wang Congcong   Zhejiang Mintai Commercial Bank Co., Lt.      Independent Director          December 2023    To date
               Peng Zhiyuan    CZB Wealth Management Co. Ltd.                Director                      February 2025    To date
               Chen Zhongwei   Zhejiang Zheyin Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.   Supervisor                    June 2020        To date
               Song Qinghua    Hubei Bank                                    Independent Director          November 2022    To date
               Song Qinghua    Ping An Property & Casualty Insurance         Independent Director          September 2023   To date
                                 Company of China
                                                                                             Annual Report 2024    129




Information on Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees
                                                    and Institutions

5.   Profile of Directors, Supervisors and senior management and information of their
     concurrent post as at the end of the reporting period
     Directors
     Lu Jianqiang
     Lu Jianqiang is currently the Secretary of the Party Committee, and Chairman of the Board of Directors
     of the Company. He holds a master of philosophy, and is a chief senior economist. Mr. Lu has previously
     served as the deputy Director of Zhejiang Enterprise Records Management Center, the deputy Director of
     the office of Zhejiang Provincial Administration for Industry and Commerce, the Director of the business
     information management office of Zhejiang Provincial Administration for Industry and Commerce, the
     Director of the office of Zhejiang Provincial Administration for Industry and Commerce, a member of
     the Party Committee and the Director of the office of Zhejiang Provincial Administration for Industry
     and Commerce, the deputy Director of the general office and a member of the Party Committee of
     Zhejiang Provincial Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference, the deputy
     Director of the general office and a member of the Party Committee of Zhejiang Provincial Government,
     a deputy secretary general and a member of the Party Committee of general office of Zhejiang Provincial
     Government, the secretary of the Party Committee and the Chairman of the Board of Caitong Securities
     Co., Ltd.. Currently, he also serves as the Chairman of the second council of Zhejiang Public Offering
     and M&A Association, and Vice Chairman of the second council of Zhejiang Chamber of Commerce.

     Ma Hong
     Ma Hong is currently the deputy secretary of the Party Committee, executive Director, Director of the
     Labor Union and the secretary of the Party Committee of the Intra-organizational Department of the
     Company. She holds a master degree and is a senior economist. Ms. Ma Hong was deputy chief of the
     hygiene section of the logistics department of the Qingdao Garrison (青島警備區); deputy Director and
     Director of the hygiene section of the logistics department of Zhejiang Army Reserve Infantry Division
     (浙江陸軍預備役步兵師), associate consultant of the General Office of Cadres of the Organization
     Department of the Zhejiang Provincial Committee (浙江省委組織部幹部綜合處); associate consultant,
     deputy division chief, consultant and division chief of the Civil Servant Management Office of the
     Organization Department of the Zhejiang Provincial Committee (浙江省委組織部公務員管理處); and
     division chief and primary consultant of the First-division of Civil Servant of the Organization Department
     of the Zhejiang Provincial Committee (浙江省委組織部公務員一處).

     Chen Haiqiang
     Chen Haiqiang is currently a member of the Party Committee, executive director, and Vice President of
     the Company. He holds a master degree and is a chief senior economist. Mr. Chen worked as deputy
     principal staff member at Zhejiang Branch, China Development Bank; deputy Director (in charge of work)
     of Ningbo Beilun Banking Office, President of Ningbo Beilun Branch, member of the Party Committee,
     assistant to President, and Vice President of Ningbo Branch, China Merchants Bank; secretary of the
     Party Committee and President of Ningbo Branch, China Zheshang Bank, the assistant to President
     of China Zheshang Bank, and secretary of the Party Committee and President of Hangzhou Branch of
     China Zheshang Bank, and CRO of China Zheshang Bank. Currently, he also serves as the executive
     Vice President of Zhejiang Chamber of International Commerce.
130    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Information on Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees
      and Institutions

              Hou Xingchuan
              Hou Xingchuan is currently a Non-executive Director of the Company. He holds a master degree and is
              an economist. Mr. Hou used to serve as a cadre of the Information Center (信息中心), associate chief
              officer of the Planning and Finance Division (計劃財務處) and chief officer of the Planning and Finance
              Division of Zhejiang Provincial Tax Service (浙江省地方稅務局), the deputy Director general (temporary
              position) of Jinhua Municipal Taxation Bureau, Jiangbei Branch (金華市地方稅務局江北分局); chief officer
              of the Office (辦公室), deputy Director general of the Planning and Finance Division and deputy Director
              of the Office of Zhejiang Provincial Tax Service; member of the Party Committee and Deputy General
              Manager (temporary position) of Zhejiang Development Asset Operations Co., Ltd. (浙江省發展資產經營
              有限公司); Level 6 management post of Zhejiang Financial Development Co., Ltd. (浙江省財務開發公司)
              and General Manager of the Strategic Development (戰略發展部) of Zhejiang Provincial Financial Holdings
              Co., Ltd.. He is currently a member of the Party Committee and Deputy General Manager of Zhejiang
              Provincial Financial Holdings Co., Ltd.

              Ren Zhixiang
              Ren Zhixiang is currently a Non-executive Director of the Company. He holds a Doctoral degree and
              is a chief senior economist. Mr. Ren worked as the Deputy General Manager of Investment Banking
              Department of Zhejiang International Trust and Investment Co., Ltd. (浙江省國際信託投資有限責任公
              司), senior Director of Asset Management Department and chief economist, deputy Director and Director
              of Strategic Management and Legal Department of Zhejiang Provincial Energy Group Co., Ltd. (浙江
              省能源集團有限公司). He currently serves as director, General Manager and deputy secretary of the
              Party Committee of Zhejiang Energy Capital Holdings Co., Ltd. (浙能資本控股有限公司), a Director of
              Orient Securities Co., Ltd., a Director of Zhejiang Fuzhe Investment Co., Ltd., and the Vice Chairman of
              Zheshang Property and Casualty Insurance Company Limited.

              Hu Tiangao
              Hu Tiangao is currently a Non-executive Director of the Company. He holds an EMBA degree and is
              a senior economist. Mr. Hu served as Vice President of Dongyang Sub-branch, Bank of China. He is
              currently a Director and senior Vice President of Hengdian Group Holdings Limited; Director of Hengdian
              Group DMEGC Magnetics Co., Ltd. (橫店集團東磁股份有限公司); Director of Apeloa Pharmaceutical
              Co., Ltd. (普洛藥業股份有限公司); Director of Innuovo Technology Co., Ltd. (英洛華科技股份有限公
              司); Director of Hengdian Group Tospo Lighting Co., Ltd. (橫店集團得邦照明股份有限公司); Director of
              Hengdian Entertainment Co., Ltd. (橫店影視股份有限公司); Director of Nanhua Futures Co., Ltd. (南華期
              貨股份有限公司) and Director of Zhejiang Xinna Material Technology Co., Ltd. (浙江新納材料科技股份有
              限公司).

              Ying Yuxiang
              Ying Yuxiang, is currently a Non-executive Director of the Company. He holds a master degree and is
              an economist. Mr. Ying served as an officer of the internet finance department and the retail finance
              department of the head office, the deputy manager of the retail finance department of Huangpu Sub-
              branch, the account manager and the deputy manager of the business hall of the business department
              of the head office, and the deputy manager and manager of the financial division II of Changning Sub-
              branch of the Shanghai Rural Commercial Bank (上海農商銀行). He served as the assistant general
              manager and the deputy general manager of the equity investment division of Taiping Asset Management
              Company Limited (太平資產管理有限公司). He is currently the deputy general manager (in charge of work)
              of the equity investment division of Taiping Asset Management Company Limited, and a non-executive
              director of Inner Mongolia Dian Tou Energy Corp Ltd (內蒙古電投能源股份有限公司).
                                                                                            Annual Report 2024   131




Information on Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees
                                                    and Institutions

     Wang Guocai
     Wang Guocai is currently an Independent Non-executive Director of the Company. He is a senior
     economist, with university education level. Mr. Wang held the posts of Vice President and President of
     Yuhuan Sub-branch of Industrial and Commercial Bank of China; President of Wenling Sub-branch of
     Industrial and Commercial Bank of China; Vice President and President of Taizhou Branch of Industrial
     and Commercial Bank of China; and expert of Zhejiang Provincial Branch of Industrial and Commercial
     Bank of China.

     Wang Wei
     Wang Wei is currently an Independent Non-executive Director of the Company. He holds a doctoral
     degree and is a professor and doctoral supervisor. Mr. Wang has been teaching at School of Economics,
     Zhejiang University, being a lecturer, associate professor, professor successively. He served as the
     deputy dean and deputy Director of the Academic Committee of School of Economics, Zhejiang
     University and the executive dean of Institute of Finance, Zhejiang University. He currently serves as a
     professor of School of Economics, Zhejiang University; the chief expert of Institute of Finance, Zhejiang
     University; the executive Vice President of Zhejiang Financial Association (浙江省金融業發展促進會);
     the Dean of Financial Institute of Zhejiang Province (浙江省金融研究院); and an Independent Director of
     Zhejiang E-Commerce Bank Co., Ltd. (浙江網商銀行股份有限公司), Betta Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (貝
     達藥業股份有限公司), Sunwave Communications Co., Ltd. (三維通信股份有限公司) and Wanxiang Trust
     Co., Ltd. (萬向信託股份公司).

     Xu Yongbin
     Xu Yongbin is currently an Independent Non-executive Director of the Company. He holds a doctor
     degree and is a Level-2 professor and doctoral instructor. Mr. Xu has been teaching at the Zhejiang
     Gongshang University (浙江工商大學), and served as a lecturer, associate professor, professor and
     deputy dean of the Accounting Department of Hangzhou Business College (杭州商學院) successively.
     He served as a professor and dean of the Accounting College of Zhejiang Gongshang University. He also
     served as the Vice President of the Accounting Society of Zhejiang Province (浙江省會計學會) and the
     Vice President of the Auditing Society of Zhejiang Province (浙江省審計學會). He is currently the Vice
     President of Zhejiang Association of CFO (a standing member of China Business Accounting Institute),
     the convener of Zhejiang Province Management Postgraduate Degree Teaching Committee, as well as an
     independent director of Zheshang Development Group Co., Ltd. (浙商中拓集團股份有限公司), Hangzhou
     United Rural Commercial Bank Co., Ltd. (杭州聯合農村商業銀行股份有限公司) and Hangzhou Steam
     Turbine Power Group Co., Ltd. (杭州汽輪動力集團有限公司).

     Fu Tingmei
     Fu Tingmei is currently an Independent Non-executive Director of the Company. He holds a doctor
     degree. Mr. Fu has previously served as the Vice President and deputy managing Director of Peregrine
     Capital (China) Limited, Hong Kong Branch, a Director of Peregrine Capital Limited as well as the deputy
     managing Director and the managing Director of BNP Paribas Peregrine Capital Limited, Hong Kong
     Branch. Mr. Fu currently serves as an Independent Director of Guotai Junan International Holdings
     Limited, COFCO Joycome Foods Limited, China Resources Pharmaceutical Group Limited and China
     Resources Medical Holdings Company Limited.
132    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Information on Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees
      and Institutions

              Shi Hao
              Shi Hao is currently an Independent Non-executive Director of the Company. He holds a master degree.
              Mr. Shi was the head of SWIFT (International Settlement Network) Team of Bank of China; director of
              IBM Consulting Team of Bank of Montreal (蒙特利爾銀行); management consultant of Wachovia (美聯
              銀行); operation director of retail banking product of Minsheng Bank (民生銀行); managing director of
              Barclays Capital (Hong Kong) (巴克萊資本(香港)); independent director of Guodian Nanjing Automation
              Co., Ltd. (國電南京自動化股份有限公司); deputy general manager of Investment Banking Department and
              chief representative of Canada Representative Office of Agricultural Bank of China; managing director
              and general manager of China of Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. (China).

               Supervisors
              Guo Dingfang
              Guo Dingfang is currently an employee supervisor of the Company. He holds a master degree and the
              title of senior accountant. He is currently a member of the Party Committee and the Chairman of the
              supervisory committee of the Bank. Mr. Guo previously served as an officer at vice-Director level and an
              officer at Director level of the infrastructure division, an officer at Director level and the deputy division
              chief of the economic construction division (during which he served as a member of the Party Committee
              and deputy Director of the Finance Bureau of Xihu District, Hangzhou under temporary assignment), the
              Director of the Government Procurement Supervision Division (政府採購監管處), and the Director of the
              Budget Enforcement Bureau (預算執行局). Currently, he serves as the vice president of the council of
              Zhejiang Finance Society (concurrent).

              Wu Fanghua
              Wu Fanghua serves as an employee supervisor of the Company. Mr. Wu holds a master degree and is
              a senior economist. Mr. Wu is currently the executive office director of the Supervisory Committee and
              member of the Disciplinary Committee of the Head Office of the Company. Mr. Wu has previously served
              as a loan officer of Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, Shaoxing Branch, the deputy manager of
              the personnel and administration department, the manager of the business department and the manager
              of the marketing department of Shaoxing Central Sub-branch, a General Manager assistant of Huzhou
              Central Sub-branch, the Deputy General Manager of Xiaoshan Sub-branch, the General Manager of
              Huzhou Central Sub-branch, the General Manager of Shaoxing Central Sub-branch and the Deputy
              General Manager of Zhejiang Branch of Ping An Property & Casualty Insurance Company of China. as well
              as the Deputy General Manager of Ping An Annuity Insurance Company of China, Ltd., Zhejiang Branch.
              Mr. Wu successively served as the Deputy General Manager of the Asset Management Department, the
              Deputy General Manager (headquarters) of the Interbank Business Department, the General Manager of
              the Interbank Business Department, the Deputy General Manager of the Financial Institutions Department
              (in charge of work) and the General Manager of the Interbank Business Department of China Zheshang
              Bank, and the secretary of the Party Committee and the President of Lanzhou Branch of China Zheshang
              Bank.
                                                                                           Annual Report 2024   133




Information on Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees
                                                    and Institutions

     Peng Zhiyuan
     Peng Zhiyuan is currently an employee supervisor of the Company. He holds a master degree and is an
     intermediate accountant. He is currently a director of CZB Wealth Management. He once served as an
     accountant of the fund organization department of the business department of Yingtan Branch, a clerk
     and deputy chief clerk of the financial accounting department, the chief of the financial infrastructure
     section of Jiangxi Branch, a member of the Party Committee and Vice President of Ganzhou Branch, the
     Deputy General Manager (in charge of work) and General Manager of the financial accounting department
     of Jiangxi Branch, the secretary of the Party Committee and President of Ganzhou Branch, a member of
     Party committee and Vice President of Dalian Branch of the Agricultural Bank of China. He successively
     served as the General Manager of Nanchang business department, the secretary of Party committee
     and President of Nanchang Branch of China Zheshang Bank., the General Manager of the Planning and
     Finance Department and the General Manager of the Asset and Liability Management Department, the
     General Manager of the Planning and Finance Department and a member of the Party Committee of the
     headquarters of China Zheshang Bank.

     Du Quan
     Du Quan, is currently an employee supervisor of the Company. He holds a master degree and is a chief
     senior economist. He is currently the secretary of the Party Committee and President of the Company’s
     Nanjing Branch. He served as an officer in the Planning and Credit Department and Comprehensive
     Planning Department of CITIC Bank (中信銀行) Hangzhou Branch; the head of the Credit Assessment
     Office under Business Development Department of CITIC Bank Hangzhou Branch; the deputy manager
     of the Credit Assessment and Management Department of CITIC Bank Hangzhou Branch; the deputy
     manager of Business Department II under the Business Department of CITIC Bank Hangzhou Branch;
     the assistant general manager of Corporate Business Management Department of CITIC Bank Hangzhou
     Branch; the deputy general manager of the Credit Assessment Department and general manager of Risk
     Management Department of CITIC Bank Hangzhou Branch; the general manager of International Business
     Department of CITIC Bank Hangzhou Branch; the general manager of Risk Management Department
     and deputy director of the Credit Assessment Committee of CITIC Bank Hangzhou Branch. He served
     as the deputy general manager of Risk Management Department (Compliance Department) and manager
     of the Risk Policy Centre (risk monitoring officers contact center) of China Zheshang Bank; a member of
     the Communist Party of China, the secretary of the Discipline Inspection Commission, a risk monitoring
     officer and vice president of the Shenzhen Branch of China Zheshang Bank; a member of the Communist
     Party of China, the secretary of the Discipline Inspection Commission, a risk monitoring officer, vice
     president and general manager of Credit Assessment Department of the Shenzhen Branch of China
     Zheshang Bank, the general manager of Development and Planning Department of China Zheshang Bank
     and the General Manager of Internal Control Compliance and Legal Department and member of the Party
     Committee of the Head Office.
134    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Information on Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees
      and Institutions

              Chen Zhong
              Chen Zhong is currently an employee supervisor of the Company. She is an assistant economist with
              a bachelor degree. She is currently the Deputy Secretary of the Party Committee of the Company’s
              Shanghai Branch. She served as an employee of Lanzhou Yantan Industrial City Industrial Co, Ltd. (蘭
              州市雁灘工業城實業總公司); an officer of the People’s Bank of China (中國人民銀行) Huining County
              Branch, Supervisory Division I of Baiyin sub-division of the CBRC and State-owned Bank Supervision
              Department II in the CBRC Gansu Bureau; an associate chief officer of State-owned Bank Supervision
              Department II in the CBRC Gansu Bureau; an associate chief officer of On-site Inspection Department
              II in the CBRC Gansu Bureau; the chief officer of On-site Inspection Department II and City Commercial
              Banks Regulatory Department in the CBRC Gansu Bureau. She served as a second level senior manager
              of On-site Audit Centre II under Audit Department of China Zheshang Bank; the general manager of On-
              site Audit Centre II under Audit Department of China Zheshang Bank; the assistant general manager
              of the Audit Department and general manager of On-site Audit Centre II under Audit Department of
              China Zheshang Bank; the assistant general manager of Audit Department of China Zheshang Bank;
              the assistant general manager of Audit Department and general manager of Regulatory Affairs Centre
              of China Zheshang Bank; the deputy general manager of Audit Department and general manager of
              Regulatory Affairs Centre of China Zheshang Bank; the deputy general manager of Audit Department and
              general manager of Audit Department Nanjing Branch, and general manager of the Audit Department and
              member of the Disciplinary Committee of the Head Office.

              Ma Xiaofeng
              Mr. Ma is a shareholder supervisor of the Company. He holds a master degree and is a senior economist.
              He is currently a member of the Party Committee, director, and Deputy General Manager of Zhejiang
              China Textile City Group Co., Ltd. and manager and executive Director of Shaoxing China Textile City
              Financial Holdings. He was the business manager of Shaoxing Branch of PICC Property and Casualty
              Company Limited; project research assistant of the investment management department, an assistant to
              the manager of the corporate management department, a deputy manager of the corporate management
              department (in charge of work) of Zhejiang China Textile City Group Co., Ltd., a Deputy General Manager
              of the Beilian market branch (temporary position), an employee supervisor, a manager of the investment
              securities department and a representative of securities affairs of the company; and Secretary to the
              Board of Directors of Zhejiang China Textile City Group Co., Ltd.

              Wang Junbo
              Mr. Wang Junbo is a shareholder supervisor of the Company. He holds a postgraduate degree and is a
              senior economist. Currently, he is a member of the party committee, executive director and chief financial
              officer of Xintai Life Insurance Co., Ltd. (信泰人壽保險股份有限公司). He served as a staff member
              of the finance center and a deputy director of the finance department of Zhejiang Wuchan Yuantong
              Mechanical and Electrical (Group) Co., Ltd. (浙江物產元通機電(集團)有限公司), the manager of the
              investment department and deputy manager of the finance department of Zhejiang Shunda Import and
              Export Trading Company Limited (浙江順達進出口貿易有限公司),the assistant to the director and deputy
              general manager of the capital operation management center of Zhejiang Wuchan Group Co., Ltd. (浙江
              省物產集團有限公司), member of the Party Branch, deputy general manager, chairman of the labor union
              and employee director of Wuchan Zhongda Group Finance Co., Ltd. (物產中大集團財務有限公司), and
              general manager of the financial department of Wuchan Zhongda Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                                             Annual Report 2024    135




Information on Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees
                                                    and Institutions

     Gao Qiang
     Mr. Gao Qiang is an external supervisor of the Company. He holds a master degree and is a senior
     economist. He currently serves as the Dean of Zhejiang Jingu Financial Consulting Firm and an
     independent director of Caitong Securities Co., Ltd. He has previously held various posts in China
     Construction Bank Corporation, including the Deputy General Manager of the operation department of
     Zhejiang Branch, the President and the secretary of the Party Committee of Hangzhou Zhijiang Sub-
     branch, the assistant to the General Manager, the Deputy General Manager and a member of the Party
     Committee of the operation department of Zhejiang Branch, the General Manager of the Hangzhou
     corporate client department and concurrently the General Manager of the operation department
     of Zhejiang Branch, the General Manager of the corporate business management department and
     concurrently the General Manager of the operation department of Zhejiang Branch, the General Manager
     of the corporate business department; the risk director, the deputy president and a member of the Party
     Committee of Anhui Branch; the President and the secretary of the Party Committee of Shanxi Branch;
     the President and the secretary of the Party Committee of Zhejiang Branch; Chairman of Yijia Life and
     Health Management (Zhejiang) Co., Ltd; and Chairman of Hangzhou Jiusheng Private Equity Fund
     Management Co., Ltd.

     Zhang Fanquan
     Mr. Zhang Fanquan is an external supervisor of the Company. He holds a master degree and is a senior
     accountant. Mr. Zhang previously served as the deputy Director of the credit card department, the vice
     division chief of the funds raising division and deposit division and the Deputy General Manager of the
     market development department of Hangzhou Branch of Agricultural Bank of China; the division chief
     of the finance division of Hangzhou office and a Party member, Deputy General Manager, secretary
     of the commission of discipline inspection of Shenzhen office of China Great Wall Asset Management
     Corporation; the Director and Deputy General Manager of Shenzhen Great Wall Guosheng Investment
     Holding Co., Ltd. (深圳長城國盛投資控股有限公司); the secretary of Party Committee and General
     Manager of Hangzhou office, and the secretary of Party Committee and General Manager of Zhejiang
     Branch (formerly Hangzhou office) of China Great Wall Asset Management Corporation; the chief
     operation officer of China Great Wall Asset Management Co., Ltd.; the secretary of Party Committee and
     Chairman of Great Wall Guofu Real Estate Co., Ltd. (長城國富置業有限公司).

     Chen Sanlian
     Mr. Chen Sanlian is an external supervisor of the Company. He holds a master degree, and is currently
     a Vice Chairman of Zhejiang Lawyers Association, an arbitrator of China International Economic and
     Trade Arbitration Commission, a standing committee member of Zhejiang Chinese People’s Political
     Consultative Conference, an expert committee member of the Judge and Prosecutor Selection and
     Disciplinary Committee of Zhejiang Province, etc.; and also Independent Director of Zhejiang Jinggong
     Science & Technology Co., Ltd. and Wuchan Zhongda Group Co., Ltd. Mr. Chen once served as a cadre
     of the lawyer administration division of the Ministry of Justice of Zhejiang Province; an associate editor-
     in-chief of Lawyer and Legality (《律師與法制》); the general secretary of Zhejiang Lawyers Association;
     and independent director of Hengyi Petrochemical Co., Ltd. as well as independent director of Zhejiang
     Weixing Intelligent Instrument Co., Ltd.
136    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Information on Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees
      and Institutions

              Wang Congcong
              Mr. Wang Congcong is external supervisor of the Company. He is a doctoral candidate and Professor.
              Mr. Wang is currently a professor and doctoral supervisor of the School of Finance, Zhejiang University
              of Finance & Economics (浙江財經大學). He is also a member of the 13th Zhejiang Chinese People’s
              Political Consultative Conference, a member of Zhejiang CDL Provincial Committee, the deputy director
              of the Financial Special Committee of Zhejiang CDL Provincial Committee, the chairman of CDL
              Committee of Zhejiang University of Finance & Economics, the special supervisor of the Zhejiang High
              People’s Court, a member of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference in Qiantang District,
              Hangzhou, and an independent director of Zhejiang Mintai Bank Co., Ltd. (浙江民泰銀行股份有限公
              司). He served as the deputy dean of the School of Finance, the director of International Exchange and
              Cooperation Office (director of Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan Work Office), and the dean of School of
              Finance, Zhejiang University of Finance & Economics.

               Senior Management
              Chen Haiqiang
              Please refer to the biographical details of Mr. Chan Hoi Keung under “Directors” above.

              Jing Feng
              Mr. Jing Feng is currently a Party Committee member and Vice President of the Company, and Secretary
              of the Party Committee and President of Hangzhou Branch. He has a master degree, and is a senior
              economist, and a certified public accountant in the United States. Mr. Jing worked as the Deputy
              General Manager and General Manager of planning and finance department of Suzhou Branch, China
              Minsheng Bank, finance specialist of corporate financial business department of China Minsheng Bank;
              Deputy General Manager of Jiangsu business department of China Zheshang Bank, member of the
              Party Committee and Vice President of Nanjing Branch, China Zheshang Bank; Deputy General Manager
              (in charge of work) and General Manager of finance and accounting department, and also General
              Manager of finance and accounting department and General Manager of asset and liability management
              department, General Manager of the planning & finance department (asset and liability management
              department) of China Zheshang Bank, as well as the CFO of China Zheshang Bank.

              Luo Feng
              Mr. Luo Feng is currently a Party Committee member and the Vice President of the Company, and
              Secretary of the Board of Directors of the Company. He holds a doctor degree. Mr. Luo worked as
              manager assistant of financial market research center of treasury department, manager assistant of
              business management center, deputy manager and manager of business management center (research
              center) of treasury department, risk monitoring officer and General Manager assistant of treasury
              department, manager of risk management center, Deputy General Manager and Deputy General Manager
              (in charge of work) of treasury department of China Zheshang Bank, General Manager of Financial Market
              Department of China Zheshang Bank, assistant to President of China Zheshang Bank.
                                                                                          Annual Report 2024   137




Information on Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees
                                                    and Institutions

     Lin Jingran
     Mr. Lin is the Vice President of the Company and Secretary of the Party Committee and President of
     Shanghai Branch. He has a master degree, and is a chief senior economist. Mr. Lin was the deputy
     Director of Huayuan Road Branch, Director of Zhongnan Branch, Director of Zhujiang Road Branch,
     President of Xuanwu Sub-branch, Vice President of Xingang Sub-branch (in charge of work) of Bank of
     China Nanjing Branch; Deputy General Manager of the Company II Department (in charge of work) of
     Minsheng Bank of China Nanjing Branch, Director of Jiangning Sub-branch, deputy Director of marketing
     of the Mechanical and Electrical Finance Department of East China Region (Nanjing) (in charge of work),
     Director of the Mechanical and Electrical Finance Department of Nanjing Branch, Head of the Preparatory
     Group and President of Wuxi Sub-branch, Member of the Party Committee of Nanjing Branch, Deputy
     Secretary of the Party Committee and Vice President of Kunming Branch (in charge of work), Secretary of
     the Party Committee and President of Suzhou Branch, Secretary of the Party Committee and President
     of Nanjing Branch; Deputy Secretary of the Party Committee, Director and President of Bank of Nanjing;
     Deputy Chairman of the Board of Directors and Member of the Party Committee of Nanjing Southeast
     State-owned Assets Investment Group Co., Ltd.

     Zhou Weixin
     Mr. Zhou is the Assistant to President of the Company. He has a bachelor degree, and is an economist
     and senior certified credit analyst. Mr. Zhou has previously served as the Vice President (in charge
     of work) and President of Lin’an Sub-branch of Bank of China, the President of Gaoxin Sub-branch,
     Hangzhou of Bank of China, the Director of Hangzhou corporate business center under the corporate
     business department of Zhejiang Branch of Bank of China, the President of Qingchun Sub-branch,
     Hangzhou of Bank of China, the secretary of the Party Committee and the President of Zhoushan Branch
     of Bank of China, the General Manager and executive office Director of the risk management department
     and the General Manager of the personal banking department of Zhejiang Branch of Bank of China, as
     well as a member of the Party Committee and the Vice President of Anhui Branch of Bank of China,
     during which period he served as a CPC party member and vice mayor of Bengbu City from November
     2019 to December 2021 under temporary assignment; President of Zhejiang Business Headquarter of
     the Bank.

     Pan Huafeng
     Mr. Pan is the Assistant to President and Chief Risk Officer of the Company. He has a bachelor degree,
     and is an economist. Mr. Pan once served as the Deputy Director of the Credit Management Department
     and the Risk Management Department of Bank of China Ningbo Branch, the Deputy President of Bank of
     China Yinzhou Branch, and the Deputy Director (in charge of work) and Director of the Risk Management
     Department of Bank of China Ningbo Branch; Member of the Party Committee, Deputy Secretary of the
     Discipline Inspection Commission, Risk Monitoring Officer, the Assistant to President, Vice President,
     Secretary of the Discipline Inspection Commission, Party Committee Secretary, and President of
     Zheshang Bank Ningbo Branch, General Manager of the Risk Management Department and Director of
     the New Asset Management Office of Zheshang Bank, and General Manager of the Risk Management
     Department.
138    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Information on Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees
      and Institutions

              Wang Chaoming
              Mr. Wang is the Assistant to President of the Company. He has a master degree and is a senior
              engineer. Mr. Wang was the deputy head of the software section of the technology department of ICBC
              Hangzhou Branch, the deputy head of the technology department, the deputy head of the technology
              security department, the deputy chief engineer of the computer center (technology security department)
              of ICBC Zhejiang Branch, the deputy chief engineer of the computer center (information technology
              department), the Deputy General Manager (in charge of work) and the General Manager, the head of the
              computer system department of ICBC (Asia) Limited, the assistant to the General Manager, the chief
              information officer and the Deputy General Manager of ICBC (Asia) Limited, and the Chief Information
              Officer of China Zheshang Bank.

              Hou Bo
              Mr. Hou is the Assistant to President of the Company. He has a master degree. Mr. Hou once served as
              the Deputy General Manager of the Risk Management Department and the General Manager of the Credit
              Assessment Department of the Shaoxing Branch of CZB, a member of the Party Committee, Secretary
              of the Discipline Inspection Commission, Risk Monitoring Officer, the Assistant to President and vice
              president of Xi’an Branch of CZB. He also served as the Deputy Leader of the Discipline Inspection
              and Supervision Group of the Zhejiang Provincial Commission for Discipline Inspection and Supervision
              stationed at CZB. Mr. Hou once served as the General Manager of the Credit Assessment Department of
              CZB.

      6.       Profile of new or proposed Directors, Supervisors and senior management and
               information of their concurrent post as of the date of this report
              Lou Weizhong
              Mr. Lou is an Independent Non-executive Director of the Company. He holds a master degree and
              is a chief senior economist. Mr. Lou once served as the Deputy Director of the Industrial Statistics
              Department of the Xiaoshan Municipal Bureau of Statistics; Chief of the Comprehensive Department of
              the Office of the People’s Government of Xiaoshan City; Deputy Secretary of the Party Group (in charge
              of work) and President of the Xiaoshan Sub-branch of CITIC Industrial Bank Hangzhou Branch; Member
              of the Party Committee and the Assistant to President of CITIC Industrial Bank Hangzhou Branch, as
              well as the President of Xiaoshan Branch; Member of the Party Committee, Secretary of the Discipline
              Inspection Commission, and Vice President of CITIC Industrial Bank Hangzhou Branch (studied Political
              Economy at the Zhejiang Provincial Party School from September 2002 to July 2005); Member of the
              Party Committee, Vice President, and Risk Director of CITIC Bank Hangzhou Branch; Deputy Secretary
              of the Party Committee, Executive Vice President, and Risk Director of CITIC Bank Hangzhou Branch;
              Deputy Secretary and Vice President of the Party Committee of CITIC Bank Ningbo Branch (in charge of
              work); Secretary of the Party Committee and President of China CITIC Bank Ningbo Branch; Secretary of
              the Party Committee and President of CITIC Bank Hangzhou Branch, and Chief Specialist of CITIC Bank.
                                                                                            Annual Report 2024   139




Information on Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees
                                                    and Institutions

     Ni Defeng
     Mr. Ni Defeng is a Non-executive Director (proposed) of the Company. He is a doctoral candidate and a
     chief senior economist. Mr. Ni worked as an auditor at Zhejiang Pan-China Certified Public Accountants
     (浙江天健會計師事務所), the manager of the finance department, manager of the investment and
     development department and assistant to the president of Zhejiang Hengyi Group Co., Ltd. (浙江恒逸
     集團有限公司), and the investment director of Hengyi Petrochemical Co., Ltd. (恒逸石化股份有限公司).
     He currently serves as the director and president of Zhejiang Hengyi Group Co., Ltd., and also serves
     as a director of Hengyi Petrochemical Co., Ltd., the director and general manager of Hangzhou Hengyi
     Investment Co., Ltd. (杭州恒逸投資有限公司), the executive director and general manager of Hangzhou
     Jinglin Asset Management Co., Ltd. (杭州璟霖資產管理有限公司), the executive director and general
     manager of Hangzhou Jinyi Industry Co., Ltd. (杭州錦繹實業有限公司), the executive director and general
     manager of Zhoushan Hengdu Trading Co., Ltd. (舟山恒渡貿易有限公司), the manager of Ningbo Jingren
     Investment Co., Ltd. (寧波璟仁投資有限公司), a director of Zhejiang Hengyi Jinlun Co., Ltd. (浙江恒逸錦
     綸有限公司), a director of Hainan Hengshengyuan International Tourism Development Co., Ltd. (海南恒盛
     元國際旅遊發展有限公司), a director of Dalian Yishengyuan Real Estate Co., Ltd. (大連逸盛元置業有限公
     司), a director of Zhejiang Xianfeng Data Technology Co., Ltd. (浙江纖蜂數據科技股份有限公司); and the
     practice director of Zhejiang University Strategic Entrepreneur Program (浙江大學戰略型企業家項目) and
     a professor for EMBA courses at Zhejiang University (浙江大學).

     Jin Guorui
     Ms. Jin Guorui is a Non-executive Director (proposed) of the Company. She holds a master degree. Ms.
     Jin served as the deputy head of financial department of Ningbo Zhoushan Port Company Limited (寧
     波舟山港股份有限公司), the Deputy Secretary of the Party Committee, the secretary of the discipline
     inspection commission and the chairwoman of the labor union of Zhejiang Yiwu Port Co., Ltd. (浙江義
     烏港務有限公司). Ms. Jin is currently the head of financial department of Zhejiang Provincial Seaport
     Investment & Operation Group Co., Ltd. (浙江省海港投資運營集團有限公司) and Ningbo Zhoushan Port
     Group Company Limited, the chairwoman of the board of directors of Zhejiang Seaport Group Finance
     Co., Ltd. (浙江海港集團財務有限公司), and the deputy chairwoman of the supervisory committee of
     Ningbo Zhoushan Port Company Limited.

     Wu Zhijun
     Mr. Wu Zhijun is a Non-executive Director (proposed) of the Company. He is a doctoral candidate and
     an economist. Mr. Wu served as a senior staff member of the business department of the Hubei Branch
     of China Construction Bank (中國建設銀行); the deputy director and then director of the statutory
     business department of China Reinsurance Corporation (中國再保險公司); the deputy party secretary and
     deputy general manager of Wuhan Branch of China Continent Property & Casualty Insurance Co., Ltd.
     (中國大地保險公司); the party secretary and general manager of Shenzhen Branch of China Continent
     Property & Casualty Insurance Co., Ltd.; the deputy general manager of corporate business department
     and investment banking department of Agricultural Bank of China (中國農業銀行); the deputy general
     manager of ABC Life Insurance Co., Ltd. (農銀人壽保險公司). He once served as the director, supervisor
     and chairman of supervisory committee of Minsheng Tonghui Asset Management Co., Ltd. (民生通惠資
     產管理有限公司), the chairman of the board of Tonghui Kangyanglv Company (通惠康養旅股份公司), a
     supervisor and chairman of supervisory committee of Shanghai Pu-Xing Energy Limited (普星聚能股份
     公司), and the chief operating officer, executive president, compliance officer, financial officer, interim
     compliance officer and chief risk officer of Minsheng Life Insurance Co., Ltd. (民生人壽保險股份有限公司).
     He is currently an executive director, general manager and compliance officer of Minsheng Life Insurance
     Co., Ltd. as well as a director of Allinpay Network Services Co., Ltd. (通聯支付網絡服務股份有限公司).
140    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Information on Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees
      and Institutions

      7.       Remuneration policies for Directors, Supervisors and senior management
               The remuneration of the Directors of the Company is determined and paid in accordance with the
               relevant laws and regulations as well as the relevant provisions of the Articles of Association. The specific
               remuneration distribution plans should be reviewed by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee
               under the Board of Directors and submitted to the Board of Directors for approval, and submitted to the
               general meeting for approval after being approved by the Board of Directors.

               The remuneration of the Supervisors of the Company is determined and paid in accordance with the
               relevant laws and regulations as well as the relevant provisions of the Articles of Association. The specific
               remuneration distribution plans should be reviewed by the Nomination Committee under the supervisory
               committee and submitted to the supervisory committee for approval, and submitted to the general
               meeting for approval after being approved by the supervisory committee. Non-full-time shareholder
               supervisors of the Company do not receive remuneration from the Company.

               The Company’s appraisal of the senior management is based on their performance in completing the
               decisions, strategic targets and plans of the Board of Directors and whether they are actively and
               effectively protecting the interests of the Company and the Shareholders, and it is implemented by the
               Board of Directors.

               The incentive and restraint mechanism of the Company is mainly embodied in the distribution mechanism
               for the senior management. The remuneration of the senior management is linked with the appraisal
               indicators of the Board of Directors, in order to combine the target incentive with responsibility restraint,
               ensure the alignment of the remuneration payment with the long-term interests of the Company, and
               better encourage the senior management to contribute to the steady and sustainable development of the
               Company. The evaluation and remuneration payment plan for the senior management shall be reviewed
               by the Nomination and Remuneration Committee under the Board of Directors, and then approved and
               implemented by the Board of Directors annually, and disclosed according to the relevant requirements.
               When the Board of Directors reviews resolutions relating to the remuneration of the senior management,
               all related directors will abstain from voting.

      (II)     Employees and Remuneration Policies
               As of the end of the reporting period, the Group had 25,226 employees (including dispatched employees,
               outsourced personnel and employees of the subsidiary of the Company), representing an increase of
               2,331 as compared with that at the end of last year. Divided by the position types, 10,996 employees of
               the Group were categorized as marketing personnel, 1,815 employees as counter personnel, and 12,415
               employees as mid-office and back-office personnel; divided by the educational levels, 6,433 obtained
               post-graduate degree or above (including 105 with doctorate degree), 17,092 obtained bachelor degree,
               and 1,701 obtained college degree or below. All of our employees participate in basic social pension
               insurance, and as of the end of the reporting period, 375 employees had retired from the Company.
                                                                                            Annual Report 2024    141




Information on Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees
                                                    and Institutions

     The Company’s remuneration policy is guided by its growth strategy and the people-oriented concept
     with unified and classified management by adhering to the principle of marketization and in accordance
     with the single-level legal person system. The Company continues to improve the linkage mechanism
     of remuneration level with performance capabilities of individual positions and personal operational
     performance, and strives to set up a remuneration management system that reflects internal fairness and
     external competitiveness, promotes the co-growth of employees and the Company, focuses equally on
     incentives and restraints, gives attention to both position value, contribution and long-term incentives,
     and matches the change in remuneration with the market rate and economic benefits.

     The Company’s remuneration policy coordinates well with the risk management system, and is matched
     with its size as well as the nature and complexity degree of its business. Specifically, the total amount
     of remuneration allocated by the Company to its branches is linked with the realization status of overall
     benefits by such branches and the Company takes into account various kinds of risk factors so that the
     branch outlets would strive for risk-adjusted value creation and that long-term performance would be
     improved. Furthermore, the remuneration paid to employees is linked with the responsibilities and risk
     degree associated with the employee’s post and different kinds of appraisal and performance allocation
     methods are applied to different types of employees, which appropriately tilted to the marketing position,
     and relevant mechanisms for the deferment payment and claw-back of performance-based remuneration
     have been established in accordance with the internal control principles of prudent operations and
     strengthened constraints. During the reporting period, the Company implemented 1,424 claw-backs
     of performance-based remuneration, recovering a total amount of performance-based remuneration
     of RMB30.3378 million. For employees in the risk and compliance departments, their remuneration is
     determined by taking into account their position value, abilities to perform duties and other factors, and
     such remuneration is not directly related to the matters under their regulation and remains independent
     of other business segments.

(III) Employees Training
     In line with its business development strategy, the Company has reshaped the whole life cycle training
     system into a hierarchical and categorized system. On the basis of full staff training, the Company has
     focused on the cultivation of key personnel, comprehensively upgraded the management quality and
     professional competence of its staff, and provided knowledge and talent support for the implementation
     of its strategy. During the reporting period, the Bank organized a total of 1,607 training programs with
     970,172 attendances.
142    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Information on Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees
      and Institutions

      (IV) Information on Institutions
               As at December 31, 2024, the Bank’s institutions were as follows:

                                                                                                       Number of
                                                                                         Number of     employees     Total assets
               Region            Name of institution   Business address                 institutions     (person)   (RMB million)


               Yangtze River     Head Office           No. 1788 Hongning Road,                    1         5,157      1,019,714
                Delta Area                               Xiaoshan Strict,
                                                         Hangzhou, Zhejiang
                                 Small Enterprise      No. 76 Huancheng West                      1           55               –
                                  Credit Center          Road, Gongshu District,
                                                         Hangzhou, Zhejiang
                                 Fund Operation        Floor 30 and 31, No. 1,                    1           88         774,449
                                   Center                Lane 1500, Pudong
                                                         Avenue, Pudong New
                                                         District, Shanghai
                                 Hangzhou Branch       No. 288 Qingchun Road,                    63         3,207        381,447
                                                         Gongshu District,
                                                         Hangzhou, Zhejiang
                                 Shanghai Branch       Floor 501, 6-10, 23, 27-29,               14         1,073        189,570
                                                         32-33, 35-36, No. 1 Lane
                                                         1500 Pudong Avenue,
                                                         and Room 101, Floor 1,
                                                         No. 1558 Pudong Avenue,
                                                         Pudong New District,
                                                         Shanghai
                                 Nanjing Branch        No. 9 Zhongshan North                     32         1,608        162,174
                                                         Road, Nanjing
                                 Ningbo Branch         No. 128 Wenkang Road,                     20          804         104,311
                                                         No. 555 Yangfan Road,
                                                         Gaoxin District, Ningbo
                                 Suzhou Branch         No. 5 Xingdun Lane, Industrial            10          628          64,215
                                                         Park Zone, Suzhou
                                 Hefei Branch          Block A16, Financial                       6          390          35,669
                                                         Harbour Center, No. 4872,
                                                         Huizhou Avenue, Binhu
                                                         New District, Hefei
                                 Shaoxing Branch       No. 1418 Jinkeqiao Avenue,                10          558          63,638
                                                         Keqiao District, Shaoxing
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024    143




Information on Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees
                                                    and Institutions

                                                                                               Number of
                                                                                 Number of     employees     Total assets
     Region              Name of institution   Business address                 institutions     (person)   (RMB million)


                         Wenzhou Branch        Northwest of Land Plot 17-                13          624          57,875
                                                 05, Binjiang CBD, Lucheng
                                                 District, Wenzhou, Zhejiang
                         Jinhua Branch         1/F, 2/F, 10/F, Jiafu Business            10          461          41,405
                                                 Building, No. 358, Binhong
                                                 East Road, Jinhua City
                         Zhoushan Branch       No. 88, Lvdao Road, Qiandao                3          115          10,046
                                                 Streets, Dinghai District,
                                                 Zhoushan, Zhejiang
     Bohai Rim Region    Beijing Branch        Huajia Jinbao Complex,                    24         1,283        175,181
                                                 No. 269, Chaoyangmen
                                                 South Street, Dongcheng
                                                 District, Beijing
                         Jinan Branch          No. 801, Caoshanling South                21         1,095        104,027
                                                 Road, Lixia District, Jinan,
                                                 Shandong
                         Tianjin Branch        Overseas Chinese Building,                12          539          36,392
                                                 Extension No. 1, No. 92,
                                                 Nanjing Road, Heping
                                                 District, Tianjin
                         Shenyang Branch       No. 467, Shifu Road, Shenhe                7          352          25,911
                                                 District, Shenyang
     Pearl River Delta   Guangzhou Branch      No. 921 Guangzhou South                   16         1,102        104,504
      and Western                                Avenue, Haizhu District,
      Coast of                                   Guangzhou
      Taiwan Strait
                         Shenzhen Branch       (1-4/F, 6/F) Lianhezongbu                 16          958          96,988
                                                 Building, Hightech District,
                                                 Xuefu Road, Nanshan
                                                 Street, Nanshan District,
                                                 Shenzhen
                         Fuzhou Branch         Huawei Building, No. 169,                  2          178          25,298
                                                 Binxi Avenue, Nanjiang,
                                                 Cangshan District,
                                                 Fuzhou, Fujian
144    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Information on Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees
      and Institutions

                                                                                                       Number of
                                                                                         Number of     employees     Total assets
               Region             Name of institution   Business address                institutions     (person)   (RMB million)


               Midwestern China   Chengdu Branch        Building 1, Jinjiang Spring,             14          645          60,596
                Region                                    No. 299 Yong ‘an Road,
                                                          Jinjiang District, Chengdu
                                  Xi’an Branch          Building 3, Taihua Jinmao                15          711          60,355
                                                          Guoji, No. 16, Fenghui
                                                          South Road, Yanta
                                                          District, Xi’an
                                  Chongqing Branch      Block 3, No. 67, Middle                  10          615          58,860
                                                          Section of Huangshan
                                                          Avenue, Yubei District,
                                                          Chongqing
                                  Wuhan Branch          Zheshang Bank Building                    7          447          37,407
                                                          (Pacific Finance Plaza),
                                                          No. 548, 550, 552, 556,
                                                          Jianshe Avenue, Jianghan
                                                          District, Wuhan, Hubei
                                  Zhengzhou Branch      No. 8 Middle Ring Road,                   9          447          38,285
                                                          Finance Island, Zhengzhou
                                                          Area (Zhengdong), Henan
                                                          Pilot Free Trade Zone,
                                                          Zhengzhou, Henan
                                  Changsha Branch       Unit 118-129, 1/F, Block 6,               5          363          35,331
                                                          Unit 215-219, 2/F, Block
                                                          6 and 22-23/F, Block 1,
                                                          Huachuang International
                                                          Plaza, No. 109 Furong
                                                          Middle Road Part 1, Kaifu
                                                          District, Changsha, Hunan
                                  Nanchang Branch       1-2/F, 14-20/F, Block 35,                 5          313          28,420
                                                          Alpha X, No. 1, Xuefu Road,
                                                          Honggutan New District,
                                                          Nanchang, Jiangxi
                                  Lanzhou Branch        No. 1888, Nanchang Road,                  9          374          23,842
                                                          Chengguan District,
                                                          Lanzhou
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024    145




Information on Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees
                                                    and Institutions

                                                                                                 Number of
                                                                                   Number of     employees     Total assets
     Region              Name of institution      Business address                institutions     (person)   (RMB million)


                         Hohhot Branch            No. 8, Chilechuan Street,                 2          247          30,183
                                                    Saihan District, Hohhot
                         Guiyang Branch           No. 88, Yan’an Road Central,              2          146          15,379
                                                    Yunyan District, Guiyang
                         Taiyuan Branch           Part of 1/F and 2-7/F, Block              1          143          15,902
                                                    A, No. 163 Jinyang Street,
                                                    Xiaodian District, Taiyuan,
                                                    Shanxi
                         Nanning Branch           20-21/F, Block A, China                   1          126          10,248
                                                    Resources Building,
                                                    No. 136 – 1 Minzu Avenue,
                                                    and No. B1028-1031, -1/F,
                                                    136-6 Xingfu Lane, Qingxiu
                                                    District, Nanning, Guangxi
                                                    Zhuang Autonomous Region
     Overseas            Hong Kong Branch         15/F, Three Exchange Square,              1           96          62,586
      Institution                                   No. 8 Connaught Place,
                                                    Central, Hong Kong
     Subsidiary          Zheyin Financial         No. 368 Yan’an Road,                      1          278          78,327
                           Leasing                  Gongshu District,
                                                    Hangzhou, Zhejiang
     Offset balance and intra-group elimination                                                                   (702,996)

     Total                                                                                364       25,226       3,325,539
146    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Directors’ Report


      (I)      Our Principal Business
               The Company’s principal business is to provide banking and related financial services.

      (II)     Business Review
               For the business review of our Company, please refer to the relevant sections, among others, “Description
               of Major Risks and Uncertainties”, “Future Development” are set out in the section headed “Management
               Discussion and Analysis”; “Major Events Occurred after the Reporting Period” is set out in the section
               headed “Significant Events”; “Key Financial Performance Indicators” is set out in the section headed
               “Financial Summary” and financial statements; “Compliance with Relevant Laws and Regulations Which
               Could Materially Affect the Company” is set out in “Compliance with the Laws and Regulations” in this
               section; and “Explanation on Important Relationship between Employees, Customers and Suppliers”
               is set out in “Major Customers” in this section and the section headed “Information on Directors,
               Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees and Institutions”. Please refer to “Performance of Social
               Responsibilities” in this section for the information on “Environmental Policy and Performance”.

      (III) Profit and Dividend Distribution
      1.       The Company’s profit distribution policy
               According to the Articles of Association, our profit distribution policy is:

      (1)      The Company shall distribute profits after income tax in the following order:
               To make up for the losses of previous years;

               To set aside 10% as statutory reserve fund;

               To make provision for general risk reserve;

               To set aside discretionary reserve fund; and

               To pay dividends to shareholders.

      (2)      The Company may distribute profits in the form of cash, shares or other forms approved by
               competent regulatory authorities.

      (3)      After the profit distribution plan is adopted at the general meeting of the Company, the Board shall
               finish distributing profits within two months after the general meeting.
                                                                                            Annual Report 2024   147




                                                                                  Directors’ Report


(4)   Cash dividends and other payments made by the Company to the holders of A Shares shall be
      denominated, declared and paid in RMB. Cash dividends and other payments made by the Company
      to the holders of H Shares shall be denominated and declared in RMB and paid in Hong Kong dollars.
      The formulation and implementation of policy on cash dividend are in compliance with the requirements
      of the Articles and Association and the resolutions passed at the general meeting. The standards and
      proportion of dividends declaration are clear and explicit and the procedures and mechanism of decision
      making are well-organized, and have been considered and approved by the Independent Non-executive
      Directors. Minority Shareholders may fully express their opinions and requirements, and their legitimate
      interests have been fully protected.

2.    Profit distribution proposal for the year
      The results of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2024 are set out in the section headed
      “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statement” in this report.

      The Board of Directors of the Company has recommended to declare a cash dividend for 2024 at
      RMB1.56 (tax inclusive) for every 10 shares, which shall be paid in RMB to the holders of A Shares and
      in Hong Kong dollars to the holders of H Shares. The above dividend distribution proposal is subject to
      consideration and approval at the 2024 annual general meeting of the Company.

      If approved, the final dividend distribution of the Company for 2024 will be denominated and declared
      in RMB and paid in RMB for A Shares and in equivalent Hong Kong dollars for H Shares. The exchange
      rate of Hong Kong dollar against RMB is calculated based on the average central parity rate of RMB to
      Hong Kong dollars as announced by the People’s Bank of China on the website for seven business days
      immediately before the date of the Company’s 2024 annual general meeting.

      The dividend is expected to be paid before July 31, 2025, subject to the approval of the final dividend
      payment arrangement by the Shareholders by way of ordinary resolution. Information regarding the
      record date and book closure date to determine the entitlement to the final dividend and attendance of
      2024 annual general meeting of the Company will be announced in due course.

3.    Cash dividends for ordinary shares in the past three years

      Item                                                                 2024          2023           2022


      Cash dividend for every 10 shares (tax inclusive, in RMB)            1.56          1.64            2.10
      Cash dividend (tax inclusive, in RMB million)                       4,284         4,504           4,466
      Net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Bank
        (in RMB million)                                                 14,223        14,085         11,817
      Percentage of cash dividend (%)                                     30.12         31.98          37.79
148    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Directors’ Report


      4.       Dividend tax
      (1)      Holders of A Shares
               In accordance with the Notice on Relevant Issues Regarding the Implementation of the Policy of
               Differentiated Individual Income Tax for Stock Dividends from Listed Companies issued by the Ministry
               of Finance, State Administration of Taxation and the CSRC (Cai Shui [2012] No. 85) and the Notice
               on Relevant Issues Regarding the Implementing Differentiated Individual Income Tax Policy for Stock
               Dividends of Listed Companies (Cai Shui [2015] No. 101), for the Relevant Individuals who have held the
               shares, where the holding period is less than one month (inclusive), the full amount of dividends shall be
               counted as taxable income; where the holding period is more than one month and less than one year
               (inclusive), 50% of the dividends shall be counted as taxable income and where the holding period is
               more than one year, the dividends is temporarily exempted from individual income tax. The individual
               income tax rate of 20% shall be applicable for all incomes mentioned above. For the dividends obtained
               from a listed company by a securities investment fund, individual income tax is levied in accordance with
               the requirements above.

               According to Article 26.2 of the Enterprise Income Tax Law of the PRC, dividends, bonuses and other
               equity investment proceeds distributed between qualified resident enterprises shall be tax-free.

               According to Article 83 of the Implementation Rules of Enterprise Income Tax Law of the PRC, dividends,
               bonuses and other equity investment proceeds distributed between qualified resident enterprises as
               referred in Article 26.2 of the Enterprise Income Tax Law of the PRC include those proceeds obtained
               from direct investment of resident enterprises into other resident enterprises, excluding the proceeds
               from holding the stocks of the resident enterprises that were obtained through public offering or through
               trading in the stock market for less than 12 months on a continuing basis.

               According to the Enterprise Income Tax Law of the PRC and its implementation rules, dividend income
               obtained by non-resident enterprises shall be levied at a preferential enterprise income tax rate of 10%.

      (2)      Holders of H Shares
               According to the Enterprise Income Tax Law of the PRC and its implementation rules, both effective on
               January 1, 2008, the Company shall withhold and pay enterprise income tax at the rate of 10% before
               distributing dividends to non-resident enterprise Shareholders whose names appear on the Bank’s
               register of members for H Shares.

               According to the Notice on Collection of Individual Income Tax after the Repeal of Guo Shui Fa No.
               [1993]045 (Guo Shui Han [2011] No. 348), the Company shall withhold and pay individual income tax for
               individual holders of the H Shares.

               If the individual holders of the H Shares are Hong Kong or Macau residents or residents of other
               countries or regions that have a tax rate of 10% under the tax treaties with the PRC, the Company will
               withhold and pay individual income tax at the rate of 10% on behalf of such Shareholders.
                                                                                               Annual Report 2024    149




                                                                                     Directors’ Report


      If the individual holders of the H Shares are residents of countries or regions that have a tax rate lower
      than 10% under the tax treaties with the PRC, the Company will withhold and pay individual income
      tax at the rate of 10% on behalf of such Shareholders. If such Shareholders wish to claim refund of the
      amount in excess of the individual income tax payable under the tax treaties, the Company can apply
      on behalf of the Shareholders according to the relevant tax treaties for the relevant agreed preferential
      tax treatment, provided that the relevant Shareholders submit the relevant documents and information
      in a timely manner required by the Administrative Rules on Enjoying Treatment under Taxation Treaties
      by Non-resident Taxpayers (State Administration of Taxation Announcement 2019, No. 35) and the
      provisions of the relevant tax treaties. The Company will assist with the tax refund subject to the approval
      of the competent tax authority.

      If the individual holders of the H Shares are residents of countries or regions that have a tax rate higher
      than 10% but lower than 20% under the tax treaties with the PRC, the Company will withhold and
      pay individual income tax at the applicable tax rates stated in such taxation treaties on behalf of such
      Shareholders.

      If the individual holders of the H Shares are residents of countries or regions that have a tax rate of 20%
      under the tax treaties with the PRC, or that have not entered into any taxation treaties with the PRC, or
      otherwise, the Company will withhold and pay individual income tax at the rate of 20% on behalf of such
      Shareholders.

(IV) Donations
      During the reporting period, the Group’s external donations amounted to RMB24.2913 million.

(V)   Major Customers
      During the reporting period, the proportion of the Group’s total operating income attributable to our five
      largest customers did not exceed 30% of the total operating income of the Group.

(VI) Purchase and Sale and Redemption of Securities
      During the reporting period, the Company and its subsidiary did not purchase, sell or redeem any of the
      Company’s listing securities (including sale of treasury shares).

      As of the end of the reporting period, the Company did not hold treasury shares.

(VII) Pre-Emptive Rights
      There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the Company’s Articles of Association and the PRC
      laws.

(VIII) Public Float
      Based on the public information available to the Company and to the knowledge of the Directors, as
      of the Latest Practicable Date prior to the issue of this report, the Company had met the public float
      requirement of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.
150    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Directors’ Report



      (IX)     Equity-Linked Agreements
               No equity-linked agreements were entered into by the Company during the year ended December 31,
               2024.

      (X)      Material Connected Transactions
               Connected Transactions Related to Daily Operations
               The Company carried out the connected transactions in accordance with the relevant requirements
               of regulatory authorities at home and abroad, i.e. the Administrative Measures for Related Party
               Transactions of Banking and Insurance Institutions (《銀行保險機構關聯交易管理辦法》), the Rules
               Governing the Listing of Stocks on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, Self-regulatory Guidelines for Listed
               Companies on the Shanghai Stock Exchange No. 5 – Transaction and Related Party Transaction (     《上
               海證券交易所上市公司自律監管指引第 5 號 － 交易與關聯交易》                              ) and the Hong Kong Listing Rules. The
               connected transactions were conducted on normal commercial terms. The terms of transactions were
               fair and reasonable and in the benefits of the Company and the shareholders as a whole.

               During the reporting period, at the twelfth meeting of the sixth session of the Board, the Company
               considered and passed the Proposal on the Bank’s Credit Plan to the Related Parties of Zhejiang Energy
               Group (《關於本行對浙江能源集團關聯方授信方案的議案》                          ), approving to grant maximum comprehensive
               credit lines of RMB8.26 billion to Zhejiang Energy Group and its Related Parties, of which RMB6.4 billion
               was considered and approved at the meeting. For details, please refer to the Announcement on Related
               Party Transactions of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. (Number: 2024-012) published by the Company on
               the Shanghai Stock Exchange (www.sse.com.cn).

               During the reporting period, at the twelfth meeting of the sixth session of the Board, the Company
               considered and passed the Proposal on the Bank’s Credit Plan to the Related Parties of Hengdian Group
              (《關於本行對橫店集團關聯方授信方案的議案》), approving to grant maximum comprehensive credit lines
               of RMB4.7 billion to Hengdian Group, of which RMB4.616 billion was considered and approved at the
               meeting. For details, please refer to the Announcement on Related Party Transactions of China Zheshang
               Bank Co., Ltd. (Number: 2024-012) published by the Company on the Shanghai Stock Exchange
               (www.sse.com.cn).

               During the reporting period, at the twelfth meeting of the sixth session of the Board, the Company
               considered and passed the Proposal on the Bank’s Credit Plan to the Related Parties of Caitong
               Securities Co., Ltd. (《關於本行對財通證券股份有限公司關聯方授信方案的議案》), approving to grant
               maximum comprehensive credit lines of RMB8 billion to Caitong Securities Co., Ltd. For details, please
               refer to the Announcement on Related Party Transactions of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. (Number:
               2024-012) published by the Company on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (www.sse.com.cn).

               During the reporting period, at the twelfth meeting of the sixth session of the Board, the Company
               considered and passed the Proposal on the Bank’s Credit Plan to the Related Parties of Orient Securities
               Co., Ltd. (《關於本行對東方證券股份有限公司關聯方授信方案的議案》), approving to grant maximum
               comprehensive credit lines of RMB8 billion to Orient Securities Co., Ltd. For details, please refer to the
               Announcement on Related Party Transactions of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. (Number: 2024-012)
               published by the Company on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (www.sse.com.cn).
                                                                                      Annual Report 2024   151




                                                                            Directors’ Report


During the reporting period, at the twelfth meeting of the sixth session of the Board, the Company
considered and passed the Proposal on the Pre-approval Amount of Deposit-type Related Transactions
of China Zhejiang Bank Co., Ltd. for the Year 2024 (
                                                  《關於浙商銀行股份有限公司 2024 年度存款類關聯交
易預審批額度的議案》), and agreed with the pre-approval amount of non-call deposits of related parties
for the year 2024 as formulated by the Company. For details, please refer to the Announcement of China
Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. on the Pre-approval Amount of Deposit-type Related Transactions for 2024
(Number: 2024-013) published by the Company on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (www.sse.com.cn).

During the reporting period, at the second meeting of the seventh session of the Board, the Company
considered and passed the Proposal on the Bank’s Credit Plan to the Related Parties of Zhejiang
Provincial Financial Holdings Group (《關於本行對浙江金融控股集團關聯方授信方案的議案》                            ), approving
to grant maximum comprehensive credit lines of RMB14 billion to Zhejiang Provincial Financial Holdings
Group, of which RMB3.8 billion was considered and approved at the meeting. For details, please refer to
the Announcement on Related Party Transactions of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. (Number: 2024-046)
published by the Company on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (www.sse.com.cn).

During the reporting period, at the second meeting of the seventh session of the Board, the Company
considered and passed the Proposal on the Bank’s Credit Plan to the Related Parties of China Taiping
Insurance Group (《關於本行對中國太平保險集團關聯方授信方案的議案》                             ), approving to grant maximum
comprehensive credit lines of RMB21.4 billion to the related parties of China Taiping Insurance Group,
of which RMB20.4 billion was considered and approved at the meeting. For details, please refer to the
Announcement on Related Party Transactions of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. (Number: 2024-046)
published by the Company on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (www.sse.com.cn).

During the reporting period, at the second meeting of the seventh session of the Board, the Company
considered and passed the Proposal on the Increase of Pre-approval Amount of Deposit-type Related
Transactions of China Zhejiang Bank Co., Ltd. for the Year 2024 ( 《浙商銀行股份有限公司關於新增關聯方
2024 年度存款類關聯交易預審批額度的議案》), and agreed with the increase of pre-approval amount of
non-call deposits of related parties for the year 2024 as formulated by the Company. For details, please
refer to the Announcement of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. on the Increase of Pre-approval Amount
of Deposit-type Related Transactions for 2024 (Number: 2024-047) published by the Company on the
Shanghai Stock Exchange (www.sse.com.cn).

During the reporting period, at the fifth extraordinary meeting of the seventh session of the Board in
2024, the Company considered and passed the Proposal on the Bank’s Credit Plan to the Related
Parties of Zhejiang Hengyi Group (
                                 《關於本行對浙江恒逸集團關聯方授信方案的議案》                          ), approving to grant
maximum comprehensive credit lines of RMB5 billion to Zhejiang Hengyi Group. For details, please refer
to the Announcement on Related Party Transactions of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. (No.: 2024-050)
published by the Company on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (www.sse.com.cn).

During the reporting period, at the fifth extraordinary meeting of the seventh session of the Board in
2024, the Company considered and passed the Proposal on the Bank’s Credit Plan to the Related
Parties of Keqiao State-owned Assets Investment and Operation Group (    《關於本行對柯橋國有資產投資
經營集團關聯方授信方案的議案》), approving to grant maximum comprehensive credit lines of RMB7.8
billion to Keqiao State-owned Assets Investment and Operation Group. For details, please refer to
the Announcement on Related Party Transactions of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. (No.: 2024-050)
published by the Company on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (www.sse.com.cn).
152    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Directors’ Report


               During the reporting period, at the fifth extraordinary meeting of the seventh session of the Board in
               2024, the Company considered and passed the Proposal on the Bank’s Credit Plan to the Related
               Parties of Zhejiang Zheyin Financial Leasing Co., Ltd. (《關於本行對浙江浙銀金融租賃股份有限公司關
               聯方授信方案的議案》), approving to grant maximum comprehensive credit lines of RMB12 billion to
               Zhejiang Zheyin Financial Leasing Co., Ltd. For details, please refer to the Announcement on Related
               Party Transactions of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. (No.: 2024-050) published by the Company on the
               Shanghai Stock Exchange (www.sse.com.cn).

               Details of related party transactions entered into by the Company as of December 31, 2024 are set out
               in “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements – Related Party Relationship and Transactions”.

               Connected Transactions in Acquisition and Disposal of Assets or Equity
               During the reporting period, the Bank did not conduct any connected transaction involving the acquisition
               and disposal of assets or equity.

               Connected Transactions in relation to Joint External Investment
               During the reporting period, at the sixth extraordinary meeting of the seventh session of the Board of
               Directors of the Company in 2024, the ‘’Proposal on Connected Transaction of Capital Increase by the
               Bank in Zhejiang Zheyin Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.” was considered and passed, whereby the Company,
               Zhejiang Provincial Financial Holdings Co., Ltd. and Zhoushan Marine Comprehensive Development
               and Investment Co., Ltd. intended to increase the capital of Zhejiang Zhenyin Financial Leasing Co.,
               Ltd. in proportion to the original capital contribution. The Company intended to make a maximum
               capital contribution of not more than RMB1.02 billion this time. For further details, please refer to the
               ‘’Announcement of Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. on Proposed Capital Increase in a Controlling Subsidiary
               and Connected Transaction” (No.: 2024-056) published by the Company on the Shanghai Stock
               Exchange (www.sse.com.cn).

               Connected Creditor’s Rights and Liabilities
               During the reporting period, the Bank did not have any non-operational connected creditor’s rights and
               liabilities.

      (XI)     Transactions, Arrangements or Contractual Interest and Service
               Contracts of Directors and Supervisors
               During the reporting period, the Directors or Supervisors or any entities connected with the Directors or
               Supervisors had no material interest, directly or indirectly, in any significant transactions, arrangements or
               contracts entered into by the Company with respect to the Company’s business. None of the Directors
               and Supervisors has entered into any service contract with the Company that is not terminable by the
               Company within one year without payment of compensation (excluding statutory compensation).

      (XII) Information on Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management
               Details of the Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the Company are set out in the section
               headed “Information on Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Employees and Institutions” in this
               annual report.
                                                                                                Annual Report 2024     153




                                                                                     Directors’ Report



(XIII) Interests Owned by the Directors, Chief Executive and Supervisors
       in the Company
      As at December 31, 2024, the interests and short positions of the Directors, Supervisors and chief
      executives of the Company in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company or its
      associated corporations (as defined in the SFO), which are required to be notified to the Company and
      Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO, including the interests
      or short positions which the Directors, Supervisors and chief executives of the Company are taken or
      deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO, or which are required to be and are recorded in
      the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO or as otherwise
      required to be notified to the Company and Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code set
      out in Appendix C3 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules, were as follows:

                                                                                        Percentage of   Percentage
                                                                                         the relevant   of the total
                                                                                             class of        issued
                                                                                 No. of       shares       ordinary
                                      Class of   Long/short                     Shares       in issue        shares
      Name            Position        shares     position        Capacity      (shares)           (%)           (%)


      Ma Hong         Executive        A Share   Long position   Beneficial     83,070        0.0004         0.0003
                        Director,                                  Owner
      Chen Haiqiang   Executive        A Share   Long position   Beneficial    754,000        0.0035         0.0027
                        Director, Vice                             Owner
                        President

      Wu Fanghua      Employee        A Share    Long position   Beneficial     52,000        0.0002         0.0002
                       Supervisor                                  Owner
      Chen Zhong      Employee        A Share    Long position   Beneficial     16,900        0.0001         0.0001
                       Supervisor                                  Owner
                                      H Share    Long position   Beneficial    110,000        0.0019         0.0004
                                                                   Owner
      Zhang Rongsen   Former          A Share    Long position   Beneficial   1,743,430       0.0081         0.0063
                        Executive                                  Owner
                        Director,
                        President


(XIV) Directors’ Interests in Businesses Competing with the Company
      None of the Directors of the Company hold any interest in any business which, directly or indirectly,
      competes or may compete with businesses of the Company.

(XV) Directors’ and Supervisors’ Rights to Acquire Shares or Debentures
      As of the end of the reporting period, none of the Directors and Supervisors had the rights to acquire
      shares or debentures of the Company and its associated corporations (within the meaning of the SFO).
154    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Directors’ Report



      (XVI) Permitted Indemnity Provisions
               The Company has purchased appropriate liability insurance to indemnify its Directors, Supervisors and
               senior management in respect of the liabilities arising from engaging in the activities of the Company.
               Such arrangements remained effective as at the end of the reporting period.

      (XVII) Management Contracts
               Save as the service contracts entered into with the Directors and employees, the Company has not
               entered into any contract with any person, company or corporation in order to manage or deal with the
               whole or any material portion of any business of the Company.

      (XVIII) Reserves and Distributable Reserves
               For details of the changes in the Group’s reserves and distributable reserves, please see “Financial
               Report – Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity”.

      (XIX) Fixed Assets (Properties and Equipments)
               For details of the changes in the Group’s fixed assets (properties and equipment), please see “Note VI to
               Financial Report – 20 Fixed Assets”.

      (XX) Employment of Accounting Firms and Sponsors
               According to its resolutions passed at the 2023 general meeting, the Company engaged KPMG Huazhen
               LLP and KPMG as the auditors to audit the annual financial statements of the Company for 2024
               prepared in accordance with the China Accounting Standards and International Financial Reporting
               Accounting Standards, respectively. Since 2020, the Company has engaged the above accounting firms
               as the Company’s auditors. Chen Sijie (陳思杰) and Jin Rui (金睿) are the certified public accountants
               who signed the audit report on the Company’s financial statements for 2024 prepared in accordance
               with the China Accounting Standards. Each of Chen Sijie and Jin Rui has been serving as the signing
               certificated public accountant of the Company since 2020 and 2023, respectively.

               The financial statements of the Company for 2024 prepared under the China Accounting Standards and
               the internal control of the Company as at the benchmark date of 2024 were audited by KPMG Huazhen
               LLP, and the financial statements for 2024 prepared under International Financial Reporting Accounting
               Standards were audited by KPMG. The total audit fees amounted to approximately RMB6,980,000,
               among which the audit fees for internal control were approximately RMB1,000,000. The Company paid
               the total non – audit fees of approximately RMB2,140,000 to KPMG Huazhen LLP and KPMG for the
               current year. KPMG Huazhen LLP and KPMG confirmed that the provision of such non-audit services
               would not compromise their audit independence.

      (XXI) Use of Proceeds Raised
               No new ordinary shares were issued during the reporting period.

               In 2023, the Company completed the A+H rights issue and the proceeds were utilized in accordance
               with the disclosed purposes and have been fully utilized to replenish the Company’s core tier 1 capital.
                                                                                              Annual Report 2024   155




                                                                                   Directors’ Report



(XXII) Debentures Issued
      Please refer to “Changes in Shares and Information on Shareholders – Issue of Bonds” of this Report for
      details about the debentures issued by the Company.

(XXIII) Compliance with the Laws and Regulations
      As of the end of the reporting period, to the best knowledge of the Company, we have complied with all
      relevant laws and regulations which could materially affect the Company in all major aspects.

(XXIV) Performance of Social Responsibilities
      The Bank adheres to the vision of a “first-class commercial bank” as its guiding principle and the mission
      of being a “national priority”, integrates the concepts of Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG)
      into its corporate governance and management, and proactively explores the organic integration of
      social responsibility fulfillment and sustainable business development, and continues to promote high-
      quality financial development. The Bank has been ranked A by MSCI ESG Ratings for three consecutive
      years and has been awarded the “First Prize for Outstanding Unit in Supporting Zhejiang’s Economic and
      Social Development” by the Zhejiang Provincial Government.

      For further details, please refer to the “CZB Annual Sustainability Report 2024” published on the
      Shanghai Stock Exchange, the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the Company’s website.

1.    Environmental Information
      The Bank has continued to promote green finance and green operations in line with the National 14th
      Five-Year Plan and the goal of “carbon peak attainment and carbon neutrality”. The Bank has taken
      various measures to improve its green finance and assisted in the development of the economy and
      society with high quality, low carbon and green products. During the reporting period, the Bank did not
      commit any environmental violations.

      We attach great importance to green development and continue to improve the top-level
      design. During the reporting period, we formulated the “CZB Green Finance Development Strategy
      and Implementation Outline” and the “CZB Implementation Plan for High-Quality Development of Green
      Finance” to further clarify the development strategy, medium and long-term goals, implementation
      path, guarantee mechanism and key work measures of green finance, and continued to promote green
      development and dual-carbon construction. We continued to improve the top-level governance structure,
      with the Board of Directors responsible for determining the green finance development strategy of the
      entire Bank, supervising and evaluating the implementation of the green finance development strategy,
      and the senior management setting up a “Green Finance Committee” and a “Carbon Neutral Leadership
      Team”. We proactively supported the construction of pilot zones for green finance reform and innovation
      and the pilot development of climate investment and financing by setting up Huzhou Branch as a
      demonstration bank of green finance reform and innovation, Quzhou Branch as a pilot bank of green
      finance and Lishui Branch as a pilot bank of climate investment and financing to vigorously support the
      professional development of green finance. We continued to strengthen the classified management and
      dynamic assessment of customers’ environmental, social and governance risks, integrated environmental,
      social and governance risks into the comprehensive risk management system and the whole process
      management, and adopted differentiated management measures.
156    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Directors’ Report


               Active deployment of green finance and increased financial support. During the reporting period,
               the Bank accelerated the promotion of green financial business, continuously improved the construction
               of the green financial system, and made various efforts such as green credit, green bonds, and green
               investment, to guide the flow of resources into the green and low-carbon areas. In its basic credit policy,
               the Bank has included green and low-carbon basic industries in its “Priority Support Industries”, and
               planned its credit policy around key green industries. As at the end of 2024, the Bank’s green loans
               amounted to RMB247.737 billion, representing an increase of 21.78% over the beginning of the year,
               which was higher than the growth rate of all the Bank’s loans. The Bank assisted in the issuance of 12
               green bonds, realizing a financing of RMB7.137 billion. 16,000 green and low-carbon credit cards were
               issued. The Bank invested RMB1.315 billion in green bonds.

               Adhering to green operation and practicing green and low-carbon concepts. We have developed
               a digital and intelligent operations management platform, continuously deepened the digitalization of
               seals and vouchers, and fully implemented the requirements of the Ministry of Finance’s pilot program
               for deepening electronic vouchers. We were the first in the industry to develop the electronic voucher
               functionality, thereby supporting green operations. In 2024, we completed 67,929 seal imprint tasks
               for confirmation letters, and the pilot program for electronic voucher accounting data saved 2.4 tons
               of paper throughout the year. We have deeply integrated digital and intelligent methods to create
               the “Zhe e-Service” remote operations service system, which allows “no need to run even once” for
               customers, thereby reducing their carbon footprint from travel. We actively practice green procurement
               by setting environmental and social responsibility criteria in our procurement documents and promoting
               energy-saving, environmental protection, and green and social responsibility concepts to our suppliers.
               We have promoted the construction of green branches, and Huzhou Branch’s business department was
               awarded the “Carbon Neutral” star branch honor by Huzhou Banking Association. We adhere to green
               office practices and strengthen green guidance through multiple measures in water use, electricity use,
               catering, and office supplies. This has firmly established a low-carbon and energy-saving awareness
               among our employees. In 2024, our office system operations saved 46.5 tons of paper.

      2.       Information on Social Responsibility
               Our bank actively fulfills its social responsibilities by integrating ESG (Environmental, Social, and
               Governance) principles into business development, customer service, rural revitalization, human capital
               development, and other areas. We strive to create long-term value for society, the environment, and the
               economy.
                                                                                               Annual Report 2024    157




                                                                                     Directors’ Report


(1)   Serving the real economy
      The Bank reshapes financial logic from the perspective of social value, focusing on innovative
      explorations of “financial services for good” and adhering to the primacy of financial functionality while
      actively exploring a new paradigm of finance with Chinese characteristics. The financial advisor system
      has expanded from Zhejiang to the entire country, with 235 studios established in 24 provinces,
      municipalities, and regions. The financial advisor team has grown to over 4,200 members, cumulatively
      fulfilling financing needs of RMB1.0878 trillion for 103,300 enterprises. The “3386” model for
      comprehensive financial ecosystem construction in counties has moved from pilot to full-scale promotion.
      The first-tier customer base of CSGS is approximately 100,000. The trust services for good project have
      improved in quality and expanded its scope, with a cumulative scale of over RMB37.89 million.

      Focusing on the development of new-quality productive forces, the Bank has solidly advanced the major
      initiative of technology finance, positioning it as a key strategy for the entire bank. We have continuously
      increased support for key areas of technology finance and iteratively upgraded the exclusive product
      systems of technology finance to enhance service quality and efficiency. As of the end of the reporting
      period, we have served 30,712 technology-based enterprises with a financing balance of RMB367.4
      billion and 3,925 high-level talents with a financing balance of RMB34.5 billion.

(2)   Support rural revitalization
      The Bank actively supports the comprehensive advancement of rural revitalization by continuously
      increasing the allocation and investment of financial resources in rural and poverty-stricken areas. We
      have established separate credit plans for agriculture-related and inclusive agriculture-related lending
      and strengthened the guidance of credit policies and preferential incentive policies. As of the end of
      2024, the balance of agriculture-related loans from the Bank reached RMB240.564 billion, an increase of
      8.96% from the beginning of the year; the balance of inclusive agriculture-related loans was RMB51.112
      billion, an increase of 19.55% from the beginning of the year; and the total financial services provided in
      mountainous and island counties amounted to RMB85.5 billion.
158    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Directors’ Report


               The Bank firmly implements the central and provincial governments’ major decisions and deployments
               on high-quality development and the construction of a demonstration zone for common prosperity. We
               adhere to the leadership of the “Thousand Village Demonstration and Ten Thousand Village Renovation
               Project” and adopt measures such as industrial and consumer assistance to solidly advance collaborative
               efforts between the eastern and western regions and other paired assistance programs, achieving
               significant results. For example, in industrial assistance, we supported the development of greenhouse
               farming and cattle breeding projects in two villages in Dazhou, Sichuan. In Longyou, Quzhou, more
               than ten projects, including photovoltaic power generation and grain and oil processing in five villages,
               have been implemented and yielded tangible results. The collective operating income of these villages
               has increased by more than 30 times compared to those before the assistance. We also continuously
               promote the “One Bank, One School” educational support initiative, forming partnerships with 33 rural
               primary schools. To date, we have invested over RMB42 million to provide comprehensive support for
               the schools’ infrastructure, living environment, teaching quality, and quality education. This effort has
               benefited over 10,000 students.

      (3)      Protection of consumer rights and interests
               The Bank upholds the mission of “finance services for good and consumer protection for the people” and
               has established a pre-approval mechanism for the protection of financial consumer rights and interests.
               We continuously strengthen consumer protection reviews on various aspects such as product and
               service design, development, pricing management, agreement formulation, and marketing promotion. The
               head office reviewed a total of 1,191 new (or substantially changed) products and services related review
               issues throughout the year, effectively shifting the risk control checkpoint to an earlier stage.

               We widely conduct financial education and publicity activities, innovating the “Consumer Protection+”
               publicity and education model to continuously enhance consumers’ financial literacy and risk prevention
               capabilities. We actively build the “Wealth Management N Courses” brand for consumer protection
               education and publicity. The bank has conducted over 9,427 financial education activities, reaching
               consumers over 128.57 million times. We also organized 934 training sessions on consumer rights
               protection for employees, with 126,000 participants, achieving a training coverage rate and employee
               participation rate of 100%.

               The Bank has improved the complaint management mechanism, strengthened the construction of
               the complaint management team, handled complaints in a timely and proper manner, and practically
               protected the legitimate rights and interests of consumers. During the reporting period, the Bank had
               received 131,562 complaints, with a 100% acceptance and settlement rate of customer complaints.
                                                                                                            Annual Report 2024   159




                                                                                                 Directors’ Report


             The following table shows the complaints by geographic region (excluding complaints from the head
             office1):

                                         No. of                                 No. of                                No. of
             Institutions in the     complaints     Institutions in the     complaints     Institutions in the    complaints
             jurisdictions              case(s)     jurisdictions              case(s)     jurisdictions             case(s)


             Shanghai Branch               2,100    Shenyang Branch                  629   Huzhou Branch                  189
             Hangzhou Branch               2,067    Ningbo Branch                    605   Jiaxing Branch                 186
             Chongqing Branch              1,897    Changsha Branch                  592   Taizhou Branch                 166
             Beijing Branch                1,411    Tianjin Branch                   536   Hohhot Branch                  118
             Zhengzhou Branch              1,274    Wenzhou Branch                   504   Guiyang Branch                  98
             Guangzhou Branch              1,205    Lanzhou Branch                   466   Fuzhou Branch                   70
             Nanjing Branch                1,070    Wuhan Branch                     368   Quzhou Branch                   68
             Jinan Branch                    975    Shaoxing Branch                  317   Lishui Branch                   58
             Chengdu Branch                  911    Jinhua Branch                    258   Zhoushan Branch                 26
             Xi’an Branch                    793    Hefei Branch                     251   TaiYuan Branch                  23
             Shenzhen Branch                 789    Qingdao Branch                   238   Nanning Branch                  23
             Suzhou Branch                   643    Nanchang Branch                  215

             The following table shows the category of complaints:

                                                             No. of                                                  No. of
                                                         complaints                                              complaints
             Category                                       case(s)       Category                                  case(s)


             Complaints about bank cards                        59,200    Complaints about banking                        984
                                                                           agency
             Complaints about loans                             31,212    Complaints about self-managed                   890
                                                                           wealth management
             Complaints about debt collection                   20,257    Complaints about precious                       875
                                                                           metal
             Complaints about payment                            7,364    Complaints about RMB                            709
               and settlement                                              savings
             Complaints about personal                           5,392    Complaints about foreign                        260
               financial information                                       exchange
             Other complaints                                    3,363    Complaints about treasury                        28
             Complaints about intermediary                       1,009    Complaints about RMB                             19
               business                                                    management




1
    The number of complaints from the head office is 110,423.
160    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Directors’ Report


      (4)      Privacy and data security
               The Bank attaches great importance to customer privacy protection and data security, and has
               established a data security management organizational structure covering the Party Committee, the
               Board of Directors and senior management. The Bank revised the Management Measures for Production
               Data Request of Information System of China Zheshang Bank (2024 Edition) and the Management
               Measures for External Data of China Zheshang Bank (2024 Edition) to further strengthen the safety
               requirements for data collection and use, etc.

               The Bank has established business connectivity, network security and data security incident response
               service system and management system, regularly carries out emergency plan drills and organizes
               related trainings, and clarifies the process of submitting major matters, to strengthen the awareness of
               data security protection of all employees, and effectively improve the emergency response ability and
               awareness of employees. During the reporting period, the Bank’s network and data security-related
               systems have been certified by a number of international standards such as ISO27001, ISO27701,
               ISO20000 and ISO22301.

      (5)      Human resource development
               The Bank advocates a healthy working environment, strictly abides by China’s statutory working hours
               and holiday regulations, and protects employees’ legitimate rights and interests such as rest and vacation
               according to laws; it follows the principles of openness, fairness and fairness, and eliminates gender and
               race discrimination, so as to ensure normative recruitment.

               The Company has continuously improved the employee development and promotion system, established
               an “H” shaped development channel for management position sequence and technical position
               sequence, realized flexible conversion between management position and technical position, and
               effectively broadened the career development of employees through various training programs such as
               “CZ Star Plan”, grass-roots post training for college students, exchange learning, exchange of positions,
               internal open competition, etc.

               Focusing on the Bank’s strategy and staff growth needs, the Bank has established four series of training
               systems for leadership, professional, marketing and technology. It has designed supporting resources
               and projects, implemented 1,607 training programs throughout the year, with 970,000 attendances in the
               trainings. The Bank has made great efforts to reserve a team of excellent lecturers, launched the Good
               Lecturer Good Course Competition, selected 10 gold medal lecturers, certified 100 internal trainers and
               40 excellent courses, helping to build an endogenous training system.

      (XXV) Miscellaneous
               (1)   As of the date of this report, the Company was not aware that any Shareholders had waived or
                     agreed to waive any dividend arrangement.

               (2)   As of the date of this report, none of the Directors waived or agreed to waive the related
                     remuneration arrangements.

               (3)   During the reporting period, there are no collateral and pledges of significant assets of the
                     Company.
                                                                                               Annual Report 2024   161




                                             Report of the Supervisory Committee


During the reporting period, the supervisory committee has proactively and effectively carried out supervision on
the duty performance of the Board of Directors and the senior management of the Company, financial activities,
risk management, internal control and lawful operation pursuant to the Company Law of the People’s Republic of
China, the Articles of Association of the Company and the supervisory duties delegated by relevant supervisory
authorities.

(I)      Legal Operation
         Our Company operated in accordance with law, and our decision-making procedure was compliant with
         the relevant provisions in the Company Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國公司法》),
         the Commercial Banking Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國商業銀行法》) and the
         Articles of Association of the Company. The Directors, President and other Senior Management did not
         violate any laws and regulations or behave against the interests of our Company when they performed
         duties.

(II)     Truthfulness of Financial Statements
         The 2024 annual financial report of our Company truthfully reflected the financial position and the
         operating results of the Company during the reporting period, and had been audited by KPMG Huazhen
         LLP and KPMG, who had issued standard auditing reports without qualified opinion.

(III) Use of Proceeds Raised
         During the reporting period, the application of funds raised by the Company was consistent with the
         purposes committed in the prospectus of the Company.

(IV) Acquisition and Sale of Assets
         No insider trading or behavior harming the interests of some Shareholders was found in the major
         acquisitions of the Company.

(V)      Connected Transactions
         The connected transactions of our Company were conducted in a fair and reasonable way and were in
         compliance with national laws and regulations and the Articles of Association of the Company, and the
         supervisory committee was not aware of any behaviors which were not conducted on an arm’s length
         basis or were detrimental to the interests of the Company and Shareholders.

(VI) Internal Control System
         The supervisory committee had reviewed the “Internal Control Evaluation Report of China Zheshang
         Bank for 2024”, and concurred with the Board of Directors’ representations regarding the completeness,
         reasonableness, effectiveness and implementation of the internal control system of the Company.

(VII) Implementation of Resolutions Passed at Shareholders ’ General
      Meetings
         The supervisory committee had no objection to the reports or proposals submitted by the Board of
         Directors to the Shareholders’ general meeting in 2024. It supervised the implementation of resolutions
         passed at the Shareholders’ general meetings and was of the opinion that the Board of Directors had
         implemented the relevant resolutions earnestly.
162    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Significant Events


      (I)      Material Litigations and Arbitrations
               The Company is involved in a number of legal proceedings/arbitrations in the ordinary course of its
               operations, most of which are initiated by the Company to recover non-performing loans, including
               litigation/arbitration arising from customer disputes and other reasons.

               As of the end of the reporting period, there were totally 41 pending litigations/arbitrations (excluding
               cases involving enforcement opposition and the third parties) where the Company was a defendant, and
               the total value was RMB892.7133 million, which are not expected to have a material adverse impact on
               the Company’s business, financial position or operating results.

      (II)     Material Contracts and Their Performance
      1.       Significant Events Relating to Custody, Contracting and Leasing
               During the reporting period, the Company did not engage in any significant events concerning the
               custody, contracting and lease of other companies’ assets that is required to be disclosed, nor was
               there any such matters where other companies’ custody, contracting and lease of the Company’s assets
               required to be disclosed.

      2.       Significant Guarantees
               Guarantee business is part of the Company’s routine business. During the reporting period, save for
               the financial guarantee business carried out by the Company within the business scope approved by
               the regulatory authorities, the Company did not engage in other significant guarantees required to be
               disclosed.

      (III) Misappropriation of Non-Operating Funds of the Company by
            Controlling Shareholders and Other Related Parties
               During the reporting period, the Company did not have any non-operating misappropriation of the
               Company’s funds by the controlling shareholders and other related parties, and KPMG Huazhen LLP
               (being an auditor of the Company) has issued a special review opinion for this purpose.

      (IV) Significant Acquisitions, Sales or Disposals of Assets and Business
           Combination
               There were no material acquisitions, sales or disposals of assets and no business combinations during
               the reporting period.
                                                                                              Annual Report 2024   163




                                                                                  Significant Events



(V)    Equity Incentive Plan
       During the reporting period, the Company did not implement an equity incentive plan.

(VI) Employee Stock Ownership Plan
       During the reporting period, the Company did not implement an employee stock ownership plan.

(VII) Disciplinary Actions Imposed on the Company or Its Directors,
      Supervisors, Senior Management and Shareholders Holding 5% or
      more Shares in the Company
       No significant administrative penalty was imposed and no notice of criticism was circulated by any
       regulatory authority upon the Company or the Board of Directors and the Directors, supervisory
       committee, the Supervisors and senior management of the Company and Shareholders holding 5% or
       more shares during the reporting period.

(VIII) Performance of the Undertakings
       No.

(IX)   Review of Annual Results
       KPMG Huazhen LLP and KPMG have audited the financial statements of the Company prepared in
       accordance with the China Accounting Standards and the International Financial Reporting Accounting
       Standards respectively, and issued standard unqualified auditing reports. The Board of Directors and
       the Audit Committee have reviewed the results and financial report of the Company for the year ended
       December 31, 2024.

(X)    Annual General Meeting
       For the convening of its 2024 annual general meeting of the Company, the Company will make further
       announcement.

(XI)   Publishing the Annual Report
       The English and Chinese version of the annual report prepared by the Company in accordance with the
       International Financial Reporting Accounting Standards and Hong Kong Listing Rules will be available on
       the website of Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the Company’s website.

       The Chinese version of the annual report prepared by the Company in accordance with the China
       Accounting Standards and the Rules for the Preparation of Annual Reports will be available on the
       website of Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Company’s website.
164     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Independent Auditor’s Report


      To the Shareholders of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.
      (Incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)

      Opinion
      We have audited the consolidated financial statements of China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. (the “Bank”) and its
      subsidiaries (the “Group”), which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position at 31 December 2024,
      the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of
      changes in equity and the consolidated cash flow statement for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated
      financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.

      In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position
      of the Group at 31 December 2024, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows
      for the year then ended in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards issued by the International Accounting
      Standards Board (“IASB”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the
      Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

      Basis for Opinion
      We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (“ISAs”) issued by the International
      Auditing and Assurance Standards Board. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the
      Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are
      independent of the Group in accordance with International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants’ International
      Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including International Independence Standards)(“IESBA Code”)
      together with any ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the consolidated financial statements in
      the People’s Republic of China, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these
      requirements and IESBA Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate
      to provide a basis for our opinion.
                                                                                              Annual Report 2024   165




                                                                 Independent Auditor’s Report



Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit
of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of
our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not
provide a separate opinion on these matters.


 Measurement of allowance for expected credit losses for loans and advances to customers and financial
 investments measured at amortised cost

 Refer to accounting policies in Note IV.6(6) Impairment of financial assets and Note V Significant Accounting
 Judgements and Estimates and Note VI.17 Loans and Advances to Customers and Note VI.18.2 Financial
 investments measured at amortised cost.

 Key audit matter                                     How the matter was addressed in our audit

 The Group uses the expected credit loss (“ECL”)      Our audit procedures in relation to ECL allowance
 model to calculate a loss allowance for expected     for loans and advances to customers and financial
 credit losses for loans and advances to customers    investments measured at amortised cost included the
 and financial investments measured at amortised      following:
 cost.
                                                      •   understanding and assessing the key internal
 The determination of the loss allowance is subject       controls of financial reporting over the process and
 to the application of a number of key parameters         the measurement of ECL allowance for loans and
 and assumptions, including the identification            advances to customers and financial investments
 of loss stages, probability of default, loss given       measured at amortised cost.
 default, exposures at default and discount
 rate, forward-looking adjustments on economic        •   involving KPMG information technology ( “IT”)
 indicators, economic scenarios and weightings            specialists to assess the design, implementation and
 and other adjustment factors. Management                 operating effectiveness of relevant IT systems for
 judgement is involved in the selection of                ECL allowance for loans and advances to customers
 those parameters and the application of the              and financial investments measured at amortised
 assumptions.                                             cost.

 The determination of the ECL model is heavily        •   involving KPMG financial risk management specialists
 dependent on the macroeconomic environment               to assess the appropriateness of the ECL model and
 and the Group’s internal credit risk management          the parameters used, evaluate the key management
 strategy. The ECL of corporate loans and                 judgements involved and management’s impact
 advances, financial investments measured at              assessment on financial statements upon changes.
 amortised cost in stage one and stage two and
 all personal loans and advances are derived from
 estimates including probability of default, loss
 given default, exposures at default and discount
 rate. The ECL of corporate loans and advances
 and financial investments measured at amortised
 cost in stage three are derived from estimates
 whereby taken into consideration cash flows
 expected to be received and discount rate.
166    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Independent Auditor’s Report



      Measurement of allowance for expected credit losses for loans and advances to customers and financial
      investments measured at amortised cost (continued)

      Refer to accounting policies in Note IV.6(6) Impairment of financial assets and Note V Significant Accounting
      Judgements and Estimates and Note VI.17 Loans and Advances to Customers and Note VI.18.2 Financial
      investments measured at amortised cost.

      Key audit matter                                      How the matter was addressed in our audit

      Management also exercises judgement in                •   assessing the completeness and accuracy of data
      determining the quantum of loss given default             used for the key parameters in the ECL model. For
      based on a range of factors. These include                key parameters derived from internal data relating to
      available remedies for recovery, the financial            original agreements, we compared the total balance
      situation of the borrower, the feasible collection        of the loans and advances to customers and financial
      measures, the recoverable amount of collateral,           investments measured at amortised cost list used by
      the seniority of the claim and the existence and          management with the general ledger to assess the
      cooperativeness of other creditors. Management            completeness of data. We also selecting items and
      refers to valuation reports issued by qualified           comparing the information of individual loans and
      third-party valuers and considers the influence           advances to customers and financial investments
      of various factors when assessing the value of            measured at amortised cost with the underlying
      collateral. The enforceability, timing and means of       agreements and other related documentation to
      realisation of collateral can also have an impact         assess the accuracy of data. For key parameters
      on the recoverable amount of collateral and,              derived from external data, we selected items to
      therefore, the amount of allowance for ECL at the         inspect the accuracy of such data by comparing
      end of the reporting period.                              them with public resources.

      We identified the measurement of allowance for        •   for key parameters used in the ECL model which
      ECL for loans and advances to customers and               were derived from system-generated internal
      financial investments measured at amortised cost          data, we involved KPMG IT specialists to assess
      as a key audit matter because of the inherent             the system logics and compilation of the overdue
      uncertainty and management judgement involved             information of loans and advances to customers and
      and because of its significance to the financial          financial investments measured at amortised cost.
      results and capital of the Group.
                                                            •   for key parameters involving judgement, seeking
                                                                evidence from external sources published by
                                                                statistical institutions and comparing to the Group’s
                                                                internal records including historical loss experience,
                                                                to evaluate the consistency of management’s
                                                                application of key assumptions and key parameters.

                                                            •   for economic and market factors used in the model,
                                                                assessing whether they were aligned with market
                                                                expectation and economic development.
                                                                                                Annual Report 2024   167




                                                                Independent Auditor’s Report



Measurement of allowance for expected credit losses for loans and advances to customers and financial
investments measured at amortised cost (continued)

Refer to accounting policies in Note IV.6(6) Impairment of financial assets and Note V Significant Accounting
Judgements and Estimates and Note VI.17 Loans and Advances to Customers and Note VI.18.2 Financial
investments measured at amortised cost.

Key audit matter                                    How the matter was addressed in our audit

                                                    •    evaluating the validity of management’s assessment
                                                         on whether the credit risk of the loans and advances
                                                         to customers and financial investments measure
                                                         at amortised cost has, or has not, increased
                                                         significantly since initial recognition, whether the loan
                                                         is credit-impaired and evaluate the loss allowance for
                                                         expected credit losses for credit-impaired loans and
                                                         advances to customers and financial investments by
                                                         selecting items to perform credit assessments. We
                                                         performed the credit assessments by checking the
                                                         overdue information, making enquiries of the credit
                                                         managers about the borrowers’ business operations,
                                                         checking borrowers’ financial information and
                                                         collaterals’ information about borrowers’ businesses.

                                                    •    assessing the reasonableness of the disclosures
                                                         in the financial statements in relation to the loss
                                                         allowance for expected credit losses for loans and
                                                         advances to customers and financial investments
                                                         measured at amortised cost with reference to
                                                         prevailing accounting standards.
168    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Independent Auditor’s Report



      Recognition of interests in and consolidation of structured entities

      Refer to the accounting policies in Note IV.3 Criteria for Control and the Preparation of Consolidated Financial
      Statements, Note V Significant Accounting Judgements and Estimates and Note VII.2 Interests in Structured
      Entities.

      Key audit matter                                         How the matter was addressed in our audit

      Structured entities are generally created to             Our audit procedures to assess the recognition of interests
      achieve a narrow and well defined objective with         in and consolidation of structured entities included the
      restrictions around their ongoing activities.            following:

      The Group may acquire an ownership interest              •    understanding and assessing the key controls
      in, act as a sponsor to, a structured entity,                 of financial reporting over the consolidation of
      through initiating or investing shares in a                   structured entities;
      wealth management product, a fund, an asset
      management plan, a trust plan, or an asset-              •    selecting items of significant structured entities
      backed security. The Group may also retain                    of key product type and performing the following
      partial interests in derecognized assets due to               procedures for selected items:
      guarantees or securitization structures.
                                                                    –    inspecting the related contracts, internal
      In determining whether the Group should retain                     establishment documents and information
      any partial interests in a structured entity or should             disclosed to the investors to understand the
      consolidate a structured entity, management is                     purpose of the establishment of the structured
      required to consider the power the Group is able                   entity and the involvement the Group has
      to exercise over the activities of the entity, and its             with the structured entity and to assess
      exposure to and ability to influence the Group’s                   management’s judgement over whether the
      own returns from the entity. These factors are not                 Group has the ability to exercise power over the
      purely quantitative and need to be considered                      structured entity.
      collectively in the overall substance of the
      transactions.                                                 –    inspecting the risk and reward structure of
                                                                         the structured entity including any capital or
                                                                         return guarantee, provision of liquidity support,
                                                                         commission paid and distribution of the returns
                                                                         to assess management’s judgement as to
                                                                         exposure, or rights, to variable returns from the
                                                                         Group’s involvement in such an entity.
                                                                                                Annual Report 2024   169




                                                                  Independent Auditor’s Report



Recognition of interests in and consolidation of structured entities (continued)

Refer to the accounting policies in Note IV.3 Criteria for Control and the Preparation of Consolidated Financial
Statements, Note V Significant Accounting Judgements and Estimates and Note VII.2 Interests in Structured
Entities.

Key audit matter                                      How the matter was addressed in our audit

We identified the recognition of interests in and         –    inspecting management’s analysis of the
consolidation of structured entities as a key audit            structured entity, including qualitative analysis
matter because of the complex nature of these                  and the calculation of the magnitude and
structured entities and because of the judgement               variability associated with the Group’s economic
exercised by management in the qualitative                     interests in the structured entity, to assess
assessment of the terms and the nature of each                 management’s judgement over the Group’s
entity.                                                        ability to influence its own returns from the
                                                               structured entity.

                                                          –    assessing management’s judgement over
                                                               whether the structured entity should be
                                                               consolidated or not.

                                                      •   assessing the reasonableness of the disclosures in
                                                          the financial statements in relation to the recognition
                                                          of interests in and consolidation of structured entities
                                                          with reference to prevailing accounting standards.
170    China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Independent Auditor’s Report



      Valuation of financial instruments measured at fair value

      Refer to accounting policies in Note V Significant Accounting Judgements and Estimates and Note XV Fair Value
      of Financial Instruments.

      Key audit matter                                        How the matter was addressed in our audit

      Financial instruments carried at fair value account     Our audit procedures to assess the fair value of financial
      for a significant part of the Group’s assets and        instruments included the following:
      liabilities. The effect of fair value adjustments of
      financial instruments may impact either the profit      •    understanding and assessing the design,
      or loss or other comprehensive income.                       implementation and operating effectiveness of
                                                                   key internal controls of financial reporting over the
      The valuation of the Group’s financial instruments,          valuation of financial instruments.
      held at fair value, is based on a combination of
      market data and valuation models which often            •    evaluating the fair value of level 1 financial
      require a considerable number of inputs. Many of             instruments, by comparing the fair values applied by
      these inputs are obtained from readily available             the Group with publicly available market data.
      data, in particular for level 1 and level 2 financial
      instruments in the fair value hierarchy, the            •    evaluating the fair value of level 2 and level 3
      valuation techniques for which use quoted market             financial instruments on sample basis, by evaluating
      prices and observable inputs, respectively. Where            the Group’s valuation models, obtaining inputs
      one or more significant inputs are unobservable              independently and verifying inputs, comparing
      in the valuation techniques, as in the case of               our valuation results with the Group’s results, and
      level 3 financial instruments, then estimates need           engaging KPMG valuation specialists to conduct
      to be developed which can involve significant                independent valuation.
      management judgement.
                                                              •    assessing the reasonableness of the disclosures
      The Group has applied relevant models to value               in the financial statements in relation to fair value
      certain level 2 and level 3 financial instruments,           of financial instruments with reference to prevailing
      which also involve significant management                    accounting standards.
      judgement.

      We identified the fair value of financial instruments
      as a key audit matter because of the degree of
      complexity involved in valuing certain financial
      instruments and because of the degree of
      judgement exercised by management in
      determining the inputs used in the valuation
      models.
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024    171




                                                                    Independent Auditor’s Report



Information Other Than the Consolidated Financial Statements and
Auditor’s Report Thereon
The Directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all the information included
in the annual report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express
any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated
financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other
information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

Responsibilities of the Directors for the Consolidated Financial Statements
The Directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair
view in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards issued by IASB and the disclosure requirements of the Hong
Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the Directors determine is necessary to enable the
preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or
error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the Directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability
to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going
concern basis of accounting unless the Directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or
have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The Directors are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing the Group’s
financial reporting process.

Auditor ’ s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial
Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a
whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that
includes our opinion. This report is made solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume
responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.

Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance
with ISAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error
and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the
economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.
172       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Independent Auditor’s Report


      As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional
      scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

      •      Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due
             to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks and obtain audit evidence
             that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material
             misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion,
             forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

      •      Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
             appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
             Group’s internal control.

      •      Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
             related disclosures made by the Directors.

      •      Conclude on the appropriateness of the Directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based
             on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that
             may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a
             material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures
             in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our
             conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future
             events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

      •      Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including
             the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and
             events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

      •      Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial
             information of the entities or business units within the group as a basis for forming an opinion on the group
             financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work performed
             for the purpose of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024    173




                                                                      Independent Auditor’s Report


We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the
audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during
our audit.

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence and communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be
thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards
applied.

From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the
key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public
disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be
communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to
outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Pang, Shing Chor, Eric.




Certified Public Accountants

8th Floor, Prince’s Building
10 Chater Road
Central, Hong Kong

28 March 2025
174     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
      For the year ended 31 December 2024
      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                         Notes                2024       2023


      Interest income                                                                       110,697    110,253
      Interest expense                                                                      (65,540)   (62,725)


      NET INTEREST INCOME                                                 VI.1               45,157     47,528


      Fee and commission income                                                               5,961      6,143
      Fee and commission expense                                                             (1,474)    (1,103)


      NET FEE AND COMMISSION INCOME                                       VI.2                4,487      5,040


      Net trading gains                                                   VI.3               10,771      7,396
      Net gains on financial investments                                  VI.4                5,852      2,664
      Other operating income                                              VI.5                1,435      1,136


      OPERATING INCOME                                                                       67,702     63,764


      Operating expenses                                                  VI.6              (21,928)   (20,159)
      Expected credit losses                                              VI.7              (28,195)   (26,113)


      PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION                                                                 17,579     17,492

      Income tax expense                                                  VI.10              (1,886)    (1,999)


      PROFIT FOR THE YEAR                                                                    15,693     15,493


      Attributable to:
        Shareholders of the Bank                                                             15,186     15,048
        Non-controlling interests                                                               507        445




      The notes on pages 181 to 321 form part of these consolidated financial statements.
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024         175




 Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2024
                                                                                 (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                   Notes                   2024                   2023


Other comprehensive income, net of tax                              VI.40
Item that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
Changes in the fair value of financial assets designated to be
   measured at fair value through other comprehensive income                                  57                     23
Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss:
Changes in the fair value of financial assets measured at
   fair value through other comprehensive income                                          3,011                  1,040
Allowance for ECLs of financial assets measured at
   fair value through other comprehensive income                                           (496)                     62
Exchange difference from the translation of foreign operations                              368                      93


Other comprehensive income, net of tax                                                    2,940                  1,218


Total comprehensive income                                                              18,633                  16,711


Total comprehensive income attributable to:
  Shareholders of the Bank                                                              18,125                  16,265
  Non-controlling interests                                                                508                     446

Earnings per share attributable to the shareholders of
  the Bank                                                          VI.11
  Basic (RMB)                                                                              0.52                    0.57
  Diluted (RMB)                                                                            0.52                    0.57




The notes on pages 181 to 321 form part of these consolidated financial statements.
176     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
      At 31 December 2024
      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                     31 December        31 December
                                                                            Notes           2024               2023


      ASSETS
      Cash and balances with the central bank                               VI.12             129,691       164,723
      Precious metals                                                                          16,956         9,756
      Deposits with banks and other financial institutions                  VI.13              51,919        70,856
      Placements with banks and other financial institutions                VI.14              17,366         8,574
      Derivative financial assets                                           VI.15              41,692        21,953
      Financial assets purchased under resale agreements                    VI.16              68,407        74,595
      Loans and advances to customers                                       VI.17           1,812,684     1,673,272
      Financial investments                                                 VI.18
         – Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss                    228,873        233,141
         – Financial assets measured at amortised cost                                       469,159        463,311
         – Financial assets measured at fair value through other
              comprehensive income                                                           357,419        304,185
      Fixed assets                                                          VI.20             31,268         24,741
      Right-of-use assets                                                   VI.21              4,685          4,904
      Intangible assets                                                     VI.22                811            670
      Deferred tax assets                                                   VI.23             20,482         21,184
      Other assets                                                          VI.24             74,127         68,014


      TOTAL ASSETS                                                                          3,325,539     3,143,879


      LIABILITIES
      Due to the central bank                                               VI.26              77,821       119,915
      Deposits from banks and other financial institutions                  VI.27             366,940       358,654
      Placements from banks and other financial institutions                VI.28              95,841        87,681
      Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss            VI.29              21,196        13,432
      Derivative financial liabilities                                      VI.15              36,085        21,034
      Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements                     VI.30              35,287        62,106
      Customer deposits                                                     VI.31           1,922,289     1,868,659
      Employee benefits payable                                             VI.32               6,323         5,985
      Taxes payable                                                         VI.33               1,091         2,909
      Provisions                                                            VI.34               1,094         1,523
      Debt securities issued                                                VI.35             541,533       395,938
      Lease liabilities                                                     VI.21               3,131         3,257
      Other liabilities                                                     VI.36              14,165        13,209


      TOTAL LIABILITIES                                                                     3,122,796     2,954,302




      The notes on pages 181 to 321 form part of these consolidated financial statements.
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024         177




                                            Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                                                                                                    At 31 December 2024
                                                                                (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                               31 December            31 December
                                                                  Notes               2024                   2023

EQUITY
Share capital                                                      VI.37                27,464                 27,464
Other equity instruments                                           VI.38                24,995                 24,995
  – Perpetual bonds                                                                     24,995                 24,995
Capital reserve                                                    VI.39                38,570                 38,570
Other comprehensive income                                         VI.40                 6,347                  3,408
Surplus reserve                                                    VI.41                14,012                 12,546
Statutory general reserve                                          VI.42                35,119                 29,804
Retained earnings                                                  VI.43                52,396                 49,458


Total equity attributable to shareholders of the Bank                                  198,903               186,245
Non-controlling interests                                                                3,840                 3,332


TOTAL EQUITY                                                                           202,743               189,577


TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY                                                          3,325,539           3,143,879

The consolidated financial statements was approved by the board of directors on 28 March 2025:




                      Lu Jianqiang                                                Hou Bo
                       Chairman                                      Principal in-charge of Finance,
                                                                  Director of the Financial Department



The notes on pages 181 to 321 form part of these consolidated financial statements.
178      China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
      For the year ended 31 December 2024
      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                            Attributable to equity holders of the Bank
                                                                              Other                    Other                         Statutory                                  Non-
                                                                 Share        equity   Capital comprehensive           Surplus         general    Retained                Controlling     Total
                                                     Notes      capital instruments    reserve       income            reserve         reserve    earnings    Subtotal      interests    equity


      Balance at 1 January 2024                                 27,464        24,995   38,570             3,408         12,546           29,804     49,458    186,245          3,332    189,577

      Changes in equity for the year

      1. Total comprehensive income
          – Profit for the year                                      –             –        –                 –               –               –     15,186     15,186            507     15,693
          – Other comprehensive income                               –             –        –             2,939               –               –          –      2,939              1      2,940
      2. Appropriation of profits
          – Appropriation to surplus reserve          VI.41          –             –        –                 –           1,466               –     (1,466)          –             –          –
          – Appropriation to statutory general
              reserve                                 VI.42          –             –        –                 –               –           5,315     (5,315)          –             –          –
          – Distributions to ordinary shareholders   VI.43(1)        –             –        –                 –               –               –     (4,504)     (4,504)            –     (4,504)
          – Distributions to perpetual bond
              holders                                VI.43(2)        –             –        –                 –               –               –       (963)      (963)             –       (963)


      Balance at 31 December 2024                               27,464        24,995   38,570             6,347         14,012           35,119     52,396    198,903          3,840    202,743


      Balance at 1 January 2023                                 21,269        24,995   32,289             2,191         11,075           26,457     44,657    162,933          2,997    165,930

      Changes in equity for the year

      1. Total comprehensive income
          – Profit for the year                                      –             –        –                 –               –               –     15,048     15,048            445     15,493
          – Other comprehensive income                               –             –        –             1,217               –               –          –      1,217              1      1,218
      2. Capital invested by shareholders
          – Ordinary shares invested by ordinary
             shareholders                            VI.37       6,195             –    6,281                 –               –               –          –     12,476              –     12,476
      3. Appropriation of profits
          – Appropriation to surplus reserve         VI.41           –             –        –                 –           1,471               –     (1,471)          –             –          –
          – Appropriation to statutory general
              reserve                                VI.42           –             –        –                 –               –           3,347     (3,347)          –             –          –
          – Distributions to ordinary shareholders VI.43(1)          –             –        –                 –               –               –     (4,466)     (4,466)         (111)    (4,577)
          – Distributions to perpetual bond holders VI.43(2)         –             –        –                 –               –               –       (963)       (963)            –       (963)


      Balance at 31 December 2023                               27,464        24,995   38,570             3,408         12,546           29,804     49,458    186,245          3,332    189,577




      The notes on pages 181 to 321 form part of these consolidated financial statements.
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024         179




                                                     Consolidated Cash Flow Statement
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2024
                                                                                 (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                           2024                   2023


Cash flows from operating activities:
Profit before taxation                                                                  17,579                  17,492
Adjustments for:
  – Expected credit losses                                                              28,195                  26,113
  – Depreciation and amortisation                                                        2,472                    2,112
  – Interest income from financial investments                                         (21,981)                (21,136)
  – Net investment income                                                               (9,954)                  (6,664)
  – Net gains from changes in fair value                                                (3,516)                    (294)
  – Net foreign exchange gains                                                             150                     (177)
  – Net gains on disposal of fixed assets                                                  (18)                      (11)
  – Interest expense on debt securities issued                                          11,427                    9,328
  – Interest expense on lease liabilities                                                  137                      146
  – Deferred tax expense                                                                  (155)                    (658)

Net changes in operating assets and operating liabilities:
Net decrease in balances with the central bank                                          15,747                      800
Net increase in deposits with banks and other financial institutions                    (4,755)                  (3,598)
Net decrease in placements with banks and other financial institutions                   4,753                    1,631
Net increase in financial assets purchased under resale agreements                      (1,399)                       –
Net increase in loans and advances to customers                                       (165,447)              (199,876)
Net decrease/(increase) in financial assets held for trading                            20,321                 (21,888)
Net decrease in other operating assets                                                   3,033                  11,933
Net (decrease)/increase in due to the central bank                                     (41,899)                 22,526
Net increase in deposits from banks and other financial institutions                     9,096                115,303
Net increase in placements from banks and other financial institutions                  13,275                    7,897
Net (decrease)/increase in financial assets sold under repurchase agreements           (26,789)                 55,995
Net increase in customer deposits                                                       47,315                181,502
Net (decrease)/increase in other operating liabilities                                 (14,332)                     504


Net cash flows (used in)/generated from operating activities before taxation          (116,745)               198,980

Income tax paid                                                                          (3,733)                (4,613)


Net cash (used in)/generated from operating activities                                (120,478)               194,367




The notes on pages 181 to 321 form part of these consolidated financial statements.
180     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Consolidated Cash Flow Statement
      For the year ended 31 December 2024
      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                          Note                   2024           2023


      Cash flows from investing activities:
      Dividends received                                                                            6              6
      Proceeds from disposal of fixed assets                                                    1,326            966
      Payment for acquisition of fixed assets, intangible assets
        and other long-term assets                                                             (10,703)        (9,880)
      Investment returns received                                                               33,234        28,154
      Proceeds from disposal of investments                                                  2,169,033     1,529,262
      Payment for acquisition of investments                                                (2,237,335)   (1,749,967)


      Net cash used in investing activities                                                    (44,439)     (201,459)


      Cash flows from financing activities:
      Proceeds from issuance of shares                                                              –         12,476
      Proceeds from issuance of debt securities                                               630,284        535,292
      Repayments of principal on debt securities issued                                      (485,633)      (462,592)
      Repayments of interest on debt securities issued                                        (10,578)         (9,202)
      Payment for dividend distribution                                                        (5,469)         (5,683)
      Repayments of principal element of lease liabilities                                       (713)           (705)
      Repayments of interest element of lease liabilities                                        (137)           (146)


      Net cash generated from financing activities                                            127,754         69,440


      Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                                337            365


      Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                                     (36,826)       62,713

      Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year            VI.44 (1)             170,461       107,748


      Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year                  VI.44 (1)             133,635       170,461


      Net cash flows from operating activities include:
        Interest received                                                                       88,105        85,814
        Interest paid                                                                          (48,593)      (45,527)




      The notes on pages 181 to 321 form part of these consolidated financial statements.
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024         181




                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement
                                                                               (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


I    General Information
     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd. (the “Bank”) is a national joint-stock commercial bank established on
     the basis of the original Zhejiang Commercial Bank with the approval from the original China Banking
     Regulatory Commission (hereinafter referred to as “the original CBRC”) and the original Zhejiang
     Commission of China Banking Regulatory Commission (Zhe Yin Jian Fu [2004] No. 48). The Bank
     obtained the Finance License (No. B0010H133010001) with the approval from the original CBRC. On
     26 July 2004, the Bank completed the change of registration in Zhejiang Administration for Industry
     and Commerce and obtained the Business License (No. 330000000013295) in Zhejiang Province, the
     People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”). On 7 November 2016, the Bank obtained the Uniform Social
     Credit Code (No.91330000761336668H). The registered address is 1788 Hongning Road, Xiaoshan
     District, Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province.

     The Bank was listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on 30 March 2016 with stock code of 2016, the
     Bank was listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange on 26 November 2019 with stock code of 601916. At
     31 December 2024, the Bank’s registered capital is RMB27,464,635,963.

     At 31 December 2024, the Bank has established 362 branches in 22 provinces (autonomous regions
     or municipalities) and Hong Kong in China, including 72 branches (30 of them are tier-one branches),
     2 branch-level specialized institution and 288 sub-branches. The principal activities of the Bank include
     corporate and retail banking, treasury business, and other banking service.

     Zhejiang Zheyin Financial Leasing Co., Ltd. (“Zheyin Financial Leasing”) was established on 18 January
     2017. At 31 December 2024, the registered capital of Zheyin Financial Leasing is RMB4 billion. Since the
     Bank has control over Zheyin Financial Leasing, the Bank has included it in the scope of the consolidated
     financial statements. The Bank and its subsidiary, Zheyin Financial Leasing, are collectively referred to as
     “the Group”.

II   Basis of Preparation
1    Statement of Compliance with the IFRS Accounting Standards
     The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the IFRS Accounting
     Standards issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”), applicable disclosure
     requirements of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
     Limited and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622).

2    Basis of Preparation
     The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis.

     The consolidated financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention, except
     for precious metals, derivative financial instruments, lease-in of precious metals in account caption of
     placements from banks and other financial institutions, financial assets and financial liabilities measured
     at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”), financial assets measured at fair value through other
     comprehensive income (“FVOCI”) and financial assets measured at amortised cost (“AC”) designated as
     hedged items in fair value hedge, as further explained in the respective accounting policies below.

     The preparation of financial statements in conformity with IFRS Accounting Standards requires
     management to make judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of policies and
     reported amounts of assets and liabilities, income and expenses. Actual results may differ from these
     estimates. Judgements made by management in the application of IFRS Accounting Standards that have
     significant effect on the financial statements and major sources of estimation uncertainty are discussed in
     Note V.
182       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      III          New Standards or Amendments and Forthcoming Requirements
      1            Standards and Amendments that are Effective in the Current Accounting Period
                   The following IFRS Accounting Standards and amendments issued by the IASB take effect for the current
                   accounting period beginning on or after 1 January 2024:

                   •            Amendments to IAS 1, Presentation of financial statements: Classification of liabilities as
                                current or non-current
                   •            Amendments to IAS 1, Presentation of financial statements: Non-current liabilities with
                                covenants
                   •            Amendments to IFRS 16, Leases: Lease liability in a sale and leaseback
                   •            Amendments to IAS 7, Statement of cash flows and IFRS 7, Financial instruments: Disclosures
                                – Supplier finance arrangements

                   The Group has not applied any new standard or interpretation that is not yet effective for the current
                   accounting period. Impacts of the adoption of these IFRS Accounting Standards and amendments have
                   no material impact on the consolidated financial statements.

      2            Standards and Amendments that are not yet Effective in the Current Accounting
                   Period

                                                                                                         Effective date


                   Amendments to IAS 21                   Lack of exchangeability                        1 January 2025
                   Amendments to IFRS 9 and               Classification and Measurement of              1 January 2026
                     IFRS 7                                 Financial Instruments
                   Annual Improvements to                 Annual Improvements to IFRS Accounting         1 January 2026
                     IFRS Accounting Standards              Standards – Volume 11
                   Amendments to IFRS 18                  Presentation and Disclosure in                 1 January 2027
                                                            Financial Statements
                   Amendments to IFRS 19                  Subsidiaries without Public Accountability     1 January 2027

                   The Group has not early adopted the above new and amendments in the consolidated financial
                   statements. The Group anticipates that the adoption of these standards and amendments will have no
                   material impact on the consolidated financial statements in the foreseeable future.
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024         183




                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


IV   Significant Accounting Policies
1    Accounting Year
     The accounting year starts on 1 January and ends on 31 December.

2    Functional Currency
     The consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), being the functional and
     presentation currency of the Bank’s operations in the Chinese Mainland. The entity operating outside
     the Chinese Mainland determines its own functional currency and the financial statements of the entity
     is presented using that functional currency. The financial statements has been translated in accordance
     with Note IV.5.

3    Criteria for Control and the Preparation of Consolidated Financial Statements
     The scope of consolidated financial statements is based on control and the consolidated financial
     statements comprise the Bank and its subsidiaries (including structured entities). Control exists when
     the investor has all of following: power over the investee; exposure, or rights, to variable returns from
     its involvement with the investee and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the
     investee. When assessing whether the Group has power, only substantive rights (held by the Group and
     other parties) are considered. The financial position, financial performance and cash flows of subsidiaries
     are included in the consolidated financial statements from the date that control commences until the date
     that control ceases.

     Non-controlling interests of a subsidiary are presented separately in the consolidated statement of
     financial position within equity, and net profit or loss attributable to non-controlling shareholders is
     presented separately in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.
     When the amount of loss for the current period attributable to the non-controlling interest of a subsidiary
     exceeds the non-controlling interest’s portion of the opening balance of equity holders’ equity of the
     subsidiary, the excess is allocated against the non-controlling interests.

     When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their
     accounting period and accounting policies in line with the Group’s accounting period and accounting
     policies. Intra-group assets, liabilities, equities, revenue, expense and cash flows arising from intra-group
     transactions are eliminated in full in preparing the consolidated financial statements.

4    Determination of Cash and Cash Equivalents
     Cash and cash equivalents comprise monetary assets that can be readily drawn on demand, and
     short-term and highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into known amounts of cash and are
     subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, such as cash, surplus reserves with the central bank,
     deposits or placements with banks and other financial institutions and financial assets purchased under
     resale agreements with an original tenor of less than 3 months.
184       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      IV           Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
      5            Foreign Currency Business and Translation of Foreign Currency Statements
                   Foreign currency transactions are initially recorded in RMB using the spot exchange rates at the dates of
                   the transactions.

                   Monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are translated to RMB at the spot exchange rate at the
                   balance sheet date. The resulting exchange differences are generally recognized in profit or loss, unless
                   they arise from the re-translation of the principal and interest of specific borrowings for the acquisition
                   or construction of qualifying assets. Non-monetary items that are measured at historical cost in foreign
                   currencies are translated to RMB using the exchange rate at the transaction date. Non-monetary items
                   that are measured at fair value in foreign currencies are translated using the exchange rate at the date
                   the fair value is determined. The resulting exchange differences are recognized in profit or loss, except for
                   the differences arising from the re-translation of non-monetary items denominated in foreign currencies at
                   fair value through other comprehensive income, which are recognized in other comprehensive income.

                   In translating the financial statements of a foreign operation, assets and liabilities of foreign operation
                   are translated to RMB at the spot exchange rate at the balance sheet date. Shareholders’ equity items,
                   excluding retained earnings and the translation differences in other comprehensive income, are translated
                   to RMB at the spot exchange rates at the transaction dates. Income and expenses of foreign operation
                   are translated to RMB at the spot exchange rates or the rates that approximate the spot exchange rates
                   at the transaction dates. The resulting translation differences are recognized in other comprehensive
                   income. The translation differences accumulated in other comprehensive income with respect to a foreign
                   operation are transferred to profit or loss in the period when the foreign operation is disposed.

      6            Financial Instruments
                   Financial instruments are contracts that form the financial assets of one party and the financial liabilities
                   or equity instruments of other parties.

      (1)          Initial recognition and measurement of financial assets and financial liabilities
                   Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognized in the consolidated statement of financial position
                   when the entity becomes a party to the contractual provisions of the instrument.

                   Financial assets and financial liabilities are measured initially at fair value. For financial assets and financial
                   liabilities measured at FVTPL, any related directly attributable transaction costs are charged to profit
                   or loss; for other categories of financial assets and financial liabilities, any related directly attributable
                   transaction costs are included in their initial costs.
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024         185




                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                  (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


IV    Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
6     Financial Instruments (continued)
(2)   Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets
      Classification of financial assets
      The classification of financial assets is generally based on the business model in which a financial asset is
      managed and its contractual cash flow characteristics. On initial recognition, a financial asset is classified
      as measured at amortised cost (“AC”), at FVOCI, or at FVTPL.

      Financial assets are not reclassified subsequent to their initial recognition unless the Group changes its
      business model for managing financial assets in which case all affected financial assets are reclassified
      on the first day of the first reporting period following the change in the business model.

      A financial asset is measured at amortised cost if it meets both of the following conditions and is not
      designated as measured at FVTPL:

      –         it is held within a business model whose objective is to hold assets to collect contractual cash
                flows; and

      –         its contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of
                principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

      A debt investment is measured at FVOCI if it meets both of the following conditions and is not designated
      as measured at FVTPL:

      –         it is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual
                cash flows and selling financial assets; and

      –         its contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of
                principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

      On initial recognition of an equity investment that is not held for trading, the Group may irrevocably
      elect to present subsequent changes in the investment’s fair value in other comprehensive income. This
      election is made on an investment-by-investment basis, and the investment conforms to the definition of
      equity instrument from the perspective of the issuer.

      All financial assets not classified as measured at amortised cost or FVOCI as described above are
      measured at FVTPL. On initial recognition, the Group may irrevocably designate a financial asset that
      otherwise meets the requirements to be measured at amortised cost or at FVOCI as measured at FVTPL
      if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting mismatch that would otherwise arise.

      The business model refers to how the Group manages its financial assets in order to generate cash
      flows. That is, the Group’s business model determines whether cash flows will result from collecting
      contractual cash flows, selling financial assets or both. The Group determines the business model for
      managing the financial assets according to the facts and based on the specific business objective for
      managing the financial assets determined by the Group’s key management personnel.
186       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      IV           Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
      6            Financial Instruments (continued)
      (2)          Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (continued)
                   Classification of financial assets (continued)
                   In assessing whether the contractual cash flows on specific dates are solely payments of principal and
                   interest based on principal unpaid, the Group considers the contractual terms of the instrument. For
                   the purposes of this assessment, ‘principal’ is defined as the fair value of the financial asset on initial
                   recognition. ‘Interest’ is defined as consideration for the time value of money and for the credit risk
                   associated with the principal amount outstanding during a particular period of time and for other basic
                   lending risks and costs, as well as a profit margin. The Group also assesses whether the financial asset
                   contains a contractual term that could change the timing or amount of contractual cash flows such that it
                   would not meet this condition of contractual cash flows.

                   Subsequent measurement of financial assets
                   –            Financial assets measured at FVTPL

                                These financial assets are subsequently measured at fair value after initial recognition. Net
                                gains and losses, including any interest or dividend income, are recognized in profit or loss
                                unless the financial assets are part of a hedging relationship.

                   –            Financial assets measured at amortised cost

                                These assets are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method
                                after initial recognition. A gain or loss on a financial asset that is measured at amortised cost
                                and is not part of a hedging relationship shall be recognized in profit or loss when the financial
                                asset is derecognized, through the amortisation process in effective interest method or in order
                                to recognize impairment gains or losses.

                   –            Debt instruments measured at FVOCI

                                These assets are subsequently measured at fair value after initial recognition. Interest
                                income calculated using the effective interest method, impairment and foreign exchange
                                gains and losses are recognized in profit or loss. Other net gains and losses are recognized
                                in other comprehensive income. On derecognition, gains and losses accumulated in other
                                comprehensive income are reclassified to profit or loss.

                   –            Equity instruments measured at FVOCI

                                These assets are subsequently measured at fair value. Dividends are recognized as income in
                                profit or loss. Other net gains and losses are recognized in other comprehensive income. On
                                derecognition, gains and losses accumulated in other comprehensive income are reclassified to
                                retained earnings.
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024         187




                                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


IV    Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
6     Financial Instruments (continued)
(3)   Classification and subsequent measurement of financial liabilities
      Financial liabilities are classified as measured at FVTPL, measured at amortised cost and financial
      guarantees.

      –        Financial liabilities measured at FVTPL

               A financial liability is classified as measured at FVTPL if it is classified as held-for-trading
               (including a derivative financial instrument) or it is designated as such on initial recognition
               (Including lease-in of precious metals in account caption of placements from banks and other
               financial institutions).

               A financial liability is classified as held for trading if: (i) it has been acquired principally for the
               purpose of repurchasing it in the near term; or (ii) on initial recognition it is part of a portfolio
               of identified financial instruments that the Group manages together and has a recent actual
               pattern of short-term profit-taking; or (iii) it is a derivative, except for a derivative that is a
               financial guarantee contract or a designated and effective hedging instrument.

               A financial liability may be designated as measured at FVTPL upon initial recognition if: (i) such
               designation eliminates or significantly reduces accounting mismatches that would otherwise
               arise; or (ii) the financial liability forms part of a group of financial assets or financial liabilities or
               both, which is managed and its performance is evaluated on a fair value basis, in accordance
               with the Group’s documented risk management or investment strategy, and information about
               the grouping is provided to key management internally on that basis.

               Financial liabilities measured at FVTPL (including derivative financial liability) are subsequently
               measured at fair value after initial recognition and net gains and losses (including any interest
               expense) are recognized in profit or loss, unless the financial liabilities are part of a hedging
               relationship.

      –        Financial liabilities measured at amortised cost

               A financial liability other than a financial liability measured at FVTPL, a financial liability
               not meeting the criteria for derecognition or arising from continuing involvement, credit
               commitments or financial guarantees are recognized at fair value and subsequently measured
               at amortised cost using the effective interest method after initial recognition.
188       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      IV           Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
      6            Financial Instruments (continued)
      (4)          Offsetting financial instruments
                   Financial assets and financial liabilities are generally presented separately in the consolidated statement
                   of financial position and are not offset. However, a financial asset and a financial liability are offset and
                   the net amount is presented in the consolidated statement of financial position when both of the following
                   conditions are satisfied:

                   –            the Group currently has a legally enforceable right to set off the recognized amounts; and

                   –            the Group intends either to settle on a net basis, or to realize the financial asset and settle the
                                financial liability simultaneously.

      (5)          Derecognition of financial instruments
                   A financial asset is derecognized when one of the following conditions is met:

                   –            the Group’s contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial asset expire;

                   –            the financial asset has been transferred and the Group transfers substantially all of the risks
                                and rewards of ownership of the financial asset; or

                   –            the financial asset has been transferred, although the Group neither transfers nor retains
                                substantially all of the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial asset, it does not retain
                                control over the transferred asset.

                   Where a transfer of a financial asset in its entirety meets the criteria for derecognition, the difference
                   between the two amounts below is recognized in profit and loss:

                   –            the carrying amount of the financial asset transferred;

                   –            the sum of the consideration received from the transfer of financial assets and the amount of
                                the derecognized portion of the cumulative fair value changes previously recognized directly in
                                other comprehensive income, for a transferred debt instrument measured at FVOCI.

                   Asset securitization
                   As part of its operational activities, the Group securitizes financial assets, generally through the sale of
                   these assets to structured entities which issue securities to investors. Further details on prerequisites for
                   derecognition of financial assets are set out above. When a securitization of financial assets does not
                   qualify for derecognition, the relevant financial assets are not derecognized, and the consideration paid
                   by third parties are recorded as a financial liability; the Group neither retains nor transfers substantially all
                   of the risks and rewards of ownership of the securitized financial assets, and it retains control over the
                   transferred assets, the Group continues to recognize the transferred assets in the consolidated statement
                   of financial position to the extent of its continuing involvement, determined by the extent to which it is
                   exposed to changes in the value of the securitized assets, and recognize the corresponding liabilities.
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024         189




                                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                    (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


IV    Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
6     Financial Instruments (continued)
(5)   Derecognition of financial instruments (continued)
      Sales of financial assets on condition of repurchase
      The derecognition of financial assets sold on condition of repurchase is determined by the economic
      substance of the transaction. If a financial asset is sold under an agreement to repurchase the same or
      substantially the same asset at a fixed price or at the sale price plus a reasonable return, the Group will
      not derecognize the asset. If a financial asset is sold together with an option to repurchase the financial
      asset at its fair value at the time of repurchase (in the case of the transferor selling such a financial
      asset), the Group will derecognize the financial asset.

      The Group derecognizes a financial liability (or part of it) only when its contractual obligation (or part of it)
      is extinguished.

(6)   Impairment of financial assets
      The Group recognizes loss allowances for expected credit losses (“ECL”) on:

      –         Financial assets measured at amortised cost;

      –         Debt instruments measured at FVOCI;

      –         Lease receivables; and

      –         Credit commitments and financial guarantee contracts.

      Other financial assets measured at fair value, including financial investments measured at FVTPL, equity
      investments designated as measured at FVOCI and derivative financial assets, are not subject to the ECL
      assessment.

      Measurement of ECLs
      ECLs are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. Credit losses are measured as the present
      value of all cash shortfalls (i.e. the difference between the cash flows due to the entity in accordance with
      the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive).

      The maximum period considered when estimating ECLs is the maximum contractual period (including
      extension options) over which the Group is exposed to credit risk.

      Lifetime ECLs are the ECLs that result from all possible default events over the expected life of a financial
      instrument.

      12-month ECLs are the portion of ECLs that result from default events that are possible within the 12
      months after the balance sheet date (or a shorter period if the expected life of the instrument is less than
      12 months) and are parts of lifetime ECLs.

      The Group classifies financial instruments into three stages and makes provisions for ECLs in accordance
      with the accounting policies described in Note XIII.1 Credit Risk.
190       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      IV           Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
      6            Financial Instruments (continued)
      (6)          Impairment of financial assets (continued)
                   Presentation of allowance for ECLs
                   ECLs are remeasured at each balance sheet date to reflect changes in the financial instrument’s credit
                   risk since initial recognition. Any change in the ECL amount is recognized as an impairment gain or loss
                   in profit or loss. The Group recognizes an impairment gain or loss for financial instruments measured
                   at amortised cost with a corresponding adjustment to their carrying amount through a loss allowance
                   account; for debt instruments that are measured at FVOCI, the ECL allowance is recognized in other
                   comprehensive income. The Group recognizes ECL allowances for credit commitments and financial
                   guarantee contracts through provisions (allowance for ECLs on credit commitments).

      (7)          Write-off of financial assets
                   The carrying value of a financial asset is written-off (either partially or in full) to the extent that there is
                   no realistic prospect of recovery. A write-off constitutes a derecognition event. This is generally the
                   case when the Group determines that the debtor does not have assets or sources of income that could
                   generate sufficient cash flows to repay the amounts subject to the write-off. However, financial assets
                   that are written off could still be subject to enforcement activities in order to comply with the Group’s
                   procedures for recovery of amounts due.

                   Subsequent recoveries of an asset that was previously written off are recognized as a reversal of
                   impairment in profit or loss in the period in which the recovery occurs.

      (8)          Equity Instrument
                   An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of the Group after
                   deducting the liabilities. A financial instrument is an equity instrument if, and only if, both conditions
                   below are met: (i) the financial instrument includes no contractual obligation to deliver cash or another
                   financial asset to another entity, or to exchange financial assets or financial liabilities with another entity
                   under conditions that are potentially unfavorable to the Group; and (ii) if the financial instrument will or
                   may be settled in the Group’s own equity instruments, it is a non-derivative instrument that includes no
                   contractual obligations for the Group to deliver a variable number of its own equity instruments; or a
                   derivative that will be settled only by the Group exchanging a fixed amount of cash or another financial
                   asset for a fixed number of its own equity instruments.

                   The consideration received from the issuance of equity instruments net of directly attributable transaction
                   costs is recognized in equity.
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024         191




                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                               (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


IV   Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
7    Preference Shares and Perpetual Bonds
     At initial recognition, the Group classifies the preference shares and perpetual bonds issued or their
     components as financial liabilities or equity instruments based on their contractual terms and their
     economic substance after considering the definition of financial liabilities and equity instruments.

     Preference shares and perpetual bonds issued that are classified as equity instruments are recognized
     in equity based on the actual amount received. Any distribution of dividends or interests during the
     instruments’ duration is treated as profit appropriation. When the preference shares and perpetual bonds
     are redeemed by the Group according to the contractual terms, the redemption price is charged to
     equity.

8    Precious Metals
     Precious metals comprise gold, silver and other precious metals. Precious metals that are not related to
     the Group’s precious metals trading activities are initially measured at acquisition cost and subsequently
     measured at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Precious metals acquired by the Group for trading
     purposes are initially measured at fair value and subsequent changes in fair value at the balance sheet
     date recorded in profit or loss.

     The Group records the precious metals received as a liability. The precious metals deposited with the
     Group are measured at fair value both on initial recognition and in subsequent measurement.

9    Derivative Financial Instruments and hedge accounting
     Derivative Financial Instruments
     Derivative financial instruments are initially recognized at fair value on the date on which a derivative
     contract is entered into and are subsequently remeasured at fair value. Derivatives are carried as assets
     when the fair value is positive and as liabilities when the fair value is negative.

     If the host contract included in a hybrid contract is an asset within the scope of IFRS 9 – Financial
     Instruments, the embedded derivative is not separated from the host contract of the financial asset,
     instead the hybrid financial instrument as a whole is classified under IFRS 9. If the host contract included
     in a hybrid contract is not an asset within the scope of IFRS 9, when their economic characteristics and
     risks of an embedded derivative is not closely related to those of the host contract, a separate instrument
     with the same terms as the embedded derivative would meet the definition of a derivative, and the hybrid
     instrument is not measured at FVTPL, then such an embedded derivative is separated from the hybrid
     contract and accounted for as a derivative. The embedded derivative is measured at fair value with any
     changes in fair value recognized in profit or loss.

     Any gains or losses arising from changes in fair value on derivatives that do not qualify for hedge
     accounting are recognized directly in profit or loss.
192       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      IV           Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
      9            Derivative Financial Instruments and hedge accounting (continued)
                   Hedge Accounting
                   Hedge accounting is a method which recognises in profit or loss (or other comprehensive income)
                   the gain or loss on the hedging instruments and the hedged items in the same accounting period to
                   represent the effect of risk management.

                   Hedged items are items that expose the Group to risks of changes in fair value or cash flows and that
                   are designated as being hedged and can be reliably measured. The Group designates certain fixed-rate
                   bond investments, which expose the Group to the risk of fair value changes, as hedged item. A hedging
                   instrument is a designated financial instrument whose changes in fair value or cash flows are expected to
                   offset changes in the fair value or cash flows of the hedged item.

                   The Group assesses at the inception of a hedging relationship, and on an ongoing basis, whether the
                   hedging relationship meets the hedge effectiveness requirements. A hedging relationship is regarded as
                   having met the hedge effectiveness requirements if all of the following conditions are satisfied:

                   –            There is an economic relationship between the hedged item and the hedging instrument.

                   –            The effect of credit risk does not dominate the value changes that result from the economic
                                relationship.

                   –            The hedge ratio of the hedging relationship is the same as that resulting from the quantity of
                                the hedged item that the entity actually hedges and the quantity of the hedging instrument that
                                the entity actually uses to hedge that quantity of the hedged item.

                   The hedging relationship does not conform to the requirements of the hedging effectiveness due to
                   hedging ratio, however, the risk management objective of existing hedging relationship has not changed.
                   The Group performs the hedging relationship rebalancing and makes the adjustments to the number of
                   hedged items or hedging instruments in the existing hedging relationship, in order to make the hedging
                   ratio conform to the requirements of the hedging effectiveness.

                   The Group discontinues applying hedge accounting in any of the following circumstances:

                   –            The hedging relationship no longer meets the risk management objective on the basis of which
                                it qualified for hedge accounting.

                   –            The hedging instrument expires or is sold, terminated or exercised.

                   –            There is no longer an economic relationship between the hedged item and the hedging
                                instrument or the effect of credit risk starts to dominate the value changes that result from that
                                economic relationship.

                   –            The hedging relationship no longer meets other criteria for applying hedge accounting.
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024         193




                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


IV   Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
9    Derivative Financial Instruments and hedge accounting (continued)
     Hedge Accounting (continued)
     (1)       Fair value hedges
               Fair value hedges are hedges of the exposure to changes in the fair value of a recognised
               asset or liability or an unrecognised firm commitment, or a portion of such an asset, liability or
               firm commitment.

               Gains or losses arising from hedging instruments are recognised in profit or loss. The gain
               or loss on the hedged items attributable to the hedged risk adjusts the carrying amount of
               the recognised hedged item not measured at fair value and is recognised in profit or loss.
               Any adjustment to the carrying amount of a hedged item is amortised to profit or loss if the
               hedged item is a financial instrument (or a component thereof) measured at amortised cost.
               The amortisation is based on a recalculated effective interest rate at the date that amortisation
               begins and is recognised in profit or loss.

10   Repurchase and Reverse Purchase Transactions (including securities borrowing
     and lending)
     Assets sold under agreements to repurchase at a specified future date are not derecognized from the
     consolidated statement of financial position. The corresponding proceed received, including accrued
     interest, is recognized in the consolidated statement of financial position as “financial assets sold under
     purchase agreements”. The difference between the selling and repurchase prices is treated as an interest
     expense and is accrued over the life of the agreement using the effective interest method.

     Conversely, assets purchased under agreements to resell at a specified future date are not recognized in
     the consolidated statement of financial position. The corresponding cash paid, including accrued interest,
     is recognized in the consolidated statement of financial position as “financial assets purchased under
     resale agreements”. The difference between the purchase and resale prices is treated as an interest
     income and is accrued over the life of the agreement using the effective interest method.

     Securities borrowing and lending transactions are usually collateralized by securities or cash. The transfer
     of the securities to counterparties is only reflected in the consolidated statement of financial position
     if the risks and rewards of ownership are also transferred. Cash advanced or received as collateral is
     recorded as an asset or liability.

     Securities borrowed are not recognized in the consolidated statement of financial position, unless they
     are then sold to third parties, in which case the obligation to return the securities is recorded as a
     financial liability held for trading purposes and measured at fair value with any gains or losses included in
     profit or loss.
194     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      IV           Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
      11           Investment in Subsidiary
                   In the Bank’s statement of financial position, long-term equity investment in subsidiary is accounted for
                   using the cost method for subsequent measurement. Dividends declared by subsidiaries are recognized
                   in profit or loss except for cash dividends or profit distributions declared but not yet distributed that have
                   been included in the price or consideration paid-in obtaining the investments. In the Bank’s statement of
                   financial position, interests in subsidiaries are accounted for using the cost less impairment losses (Note
                   IV.16).

                   In the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position, subsidiaries are accounted for in accordance
                   with policies described in Note IV.3.

      12           Fixed Assets and Construction in Progress
                   Fixed assets are tangible assets held by the Group for operation and administration purposes with
                   useful lives more than one year. Construction-in-progress represents properties and buildings under
                   construction and are transferred to fixed assets when they are ready for their intended use.

                   Fixed assets are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment losses (Note IV.16) in the
                   consolidated statement of financial position. Construction-in-progress is stated cost less impairment
                   losses (Note IV.16) in the consolidated statement of financial position.

                   Costs of a purchased fixed asset comprise purchase price, related taxes, and any directly attributable
                   expenditures for bringing the asset to working condition for its intended use. Costs of a self-constructed
                   fixed asset comprise construction materials, direct labor costs, capitalized borrowing cost and those
                   expenditures necessarily incurred for bringing the asset to working condition for its intended use.

                   Where the individual component parts of an item of fixed assets have different useful lives or provide
                   benefits to the Group in different patterns, each part is depreciated separately. They are accounted for
                   as separate items of fixed assets.

                   Any subsequent costs including the cost of replacing part of an item of fixed assets are recognized as
                   assets when it is probable that the economic benefits associated with the costs will flow to the Group,
                   and the carrying amount of the replaced part is derecognized. The costs of the day-to-day servicing of
                   fixed assets are recognized in profit or loss as incurred.

                   The cost of a fixed asset, less its estimated net residual value and accumulated impairment losses,
                   is depreciated using the straight-line method over its estimated useful life. The estimated useful lives,
                   estimated residual value and depreciation rate are as follows:

                                                                      Estimated              Estimated           Depreciation
                                                                     useful lives        residual value                  rate


                   Properties and buildings                         10 – 30 years                    5%       3.17% – 9.50%
                   Office and electronic equipment                    3 – 7 years                    5%     13.57% – 31.67%
                   Motor vehicles                                         5 years                    5%              19.00%
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024         195




                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                 (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


IV   Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
12   Fixed Assets and Construction in Progress (continued)
     Fixed assets in the operating leases are used for the Group’s operating lease activities. The Group
     determines the depreciation period and depreciation method based on actual conditions. The
     depreciation is accrued on a straight-line basis based on the duration of the lease.

     The estimated useful lives, estimated net residual value and depreciation method of fixed assets are
     reviewed at least at each year-end.

     Gains or losses arising from the disposal or retirement of fixed assets are determined as the difference
     between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and are recognized in profit or
     loss on the date of disposal or retirement.

13   Intangible Assets
     Intangible assets are stated in consolidated statement of financial position at cost less accumulated
     amortisation (where the estimated useful life is finite) and impairment losses (Note IV.16). For an intangible
     asset with finite useful life, its cost less estimated net residual value and accumulated impairment losses
     is amortised on a straight-line basis over its estimated useful live.

     The Group amortizes computer software with a licensed period during the authorized period, otherwise it
     is amortised over a period of 10 years.

     The Group reviews the useful life and amortisation method of intangible assets with limited useful lives at
     least at the end of each year.

14   Repossessed Assets
     In the recovery of assets such as impaired loans and lease receivables, the Group may take possession
     of assets held as collateral through court proceedings or voluntary delivery of possession by the
     borrowers. When it is intended to achieve an orderly realization of the impaired assets and the Group
     is no longer seeking repayment of loans and lease receivables from the borrowers, repossessed assets
     except the equity instruments are reported in “other assets”.

     When the Group seizes assets to compensate for the losses of loans, lease receivables and advances
     and interest receivables, the repossessed assets are initially recognized at fair value and any taxes
     that are directly attributable to the assets, litigation expenses advanced and other expenses incurred
     for collecting the repossessed assets. Repossessed assets are recognized at the carrying value in the
     consolidated statement of financial position, net of allowance for impairment losses (Note IV.16).

15   Long-term Prepaid Expenses
     The Group recognises all expenses incurred with a benefit period of more than one year as long-term
     prepaid expenses. Long-term prepaid expenses are presented on the balance sheet as cost minus
     accumulated amortization, and long-term prepaid expenses will be recognized in the balance sheet “Other
     assets”.

     Leased asset improvement expenses are amortised over the lease term, and other long-term prepaid
     expenses are amortised over the benefit period.
196     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      IV           Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
      16           Impairment of Non-financial Assets
                   The carrying amounts of the following assets are reviewed at each balance sheet date based on internal
                   and external sources of information to determine whether there is any indication of impairment:

                   –            fixed assets and construction in progress

                   –            right-of-use assets

                   –            intangible assets

                   –            investment in subsidiaries

                   –            other assets (finance lease receivables excluded), etc

                   If any indication exists that an asset may be impaired, the recoverable amount of the asset is estimated.

                   The recoverable amount of an asset (or asset group, set of asset groups) is the higher of its fair value
                   (Note IV.17) less costs of disposal and its value in use.

                   An asset group is composed of assets directly related to cash generation and is the smallest identifiable
                   group of assets that generates cash inflows that are largely independent of the cash inflows from other
                   assets or asset groups.

                   The present value of expected future cash flows of an asset is determined by discounting the future cash
                   flows, estimated to be derived from continuing use of the asset and from its ultimate disposal, to their
                   present value using an appropriate pre-tax discount rate.

                   An impairment loss is recognized in profit or loss when the recoverable amount of an asset is less than
                   its carrying amount. A provision for impairment of the asset is recognized accordingly. Impairment losses
                   related to an asset group or a set of asset groups are allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of
                   the assets in the asset group or set of asset groups on a pro rata basis. However, such allocation would
                   not reduce the carrying amount of an asset below the highest of its fair value less costs of disposal (if
                   measurable), its present value of expected future cash flows (if measurable) and zero.

                   Once the above asset impairment loss is recognized, it will not be reversed in future accounting periods.
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024         197




                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                 (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


IV    Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
17    Fair Value Measurement
      Unless otherwise specified, the Group measures fair value as follows:

      Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
      transaction between market participants at the measurement date.

      When measuring fair value, the Group takes into account the characteristics of the particular asset or
      liability (including the condition and location of the asset and restrictions, if any, on the sale or use of
      the asset) that market participants would consider when pricing the asset or liability at the measurement
      date, and uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient
      data and other information are available to measure fair value. Valuation techniques mainly include the
      market approach, the income approach and the cost approach.

18    Employee Benefits
(1)   Short-term employee benefits
      Employee wages or salaries, bonuses, social security contributions such as medical insurance, work
      injury insurance, maternity insurance and housing fund, measured at the amount incurred or accrued at
      the applicable benchmarks and rates, are recognized as a liability as the employee provides services,
      with a corresponding charge to profit or loss.

(2)   Post-employment benefits – defined contribution plans
      The Group participates in defined contribution plans including basic pension insurance, unemployment
      insurance and annuity plans in the social insurance system established and managed by government
      organizations, all of which are defined contribution plans. The Group pays a fixed contribution into the
      defined contribution plans and has no obligation to make further contributions if the plans does not hold
      sufficient assets to pay all employee benefits.

      Employees also participate in a defined contribution retirement benefit plan established by the Group (the
      “Annuity Plan”). The Group contributes a certain percentage of the employees’ salaries to the Annuity
      Plan, which is charged to profit or loss when it is incurred.

19    Provisions
      Provisions are recognized when the Group has a present obligation as a result of a past event, and
      it is probable that an outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the
      obligation and a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation. A provision shall be
      initially measured at the best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the related present obligation.
      When the effect of the time value of money is material, a provision shall be determined by discounting
      the related future cash outflows.
198     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      IV           Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
      20           Credit Commitments and Financial Guarantee Contracts
                   The Group issues credit commitments and financial guarantee contracts, including acceptances, letters
                   of credit, letters of guarantee, loan commitments and finance lease commitments, undrawn credit card
                   facility, receivables confirmation and other financial guarantee contracts.

                   A credit commitment is a commitment provided by the Group to customers to extend loans under agreed
                   contractual terms within a certain period. Expected credit losses relating to credit commitments are
                   provided for using the ECL model and included in provisions.

                   Financial guarantees are contracts that require the guarantor to make specified payments to reimburse
                   the beneficiary of the guarantee (the holder) for a loss the holder incurs because a specified debtor fails
                   to make payment when due in accordance with the terms of a debt instrument. The Group is required
                   to make payments only in the event of a default by the debtor in accordance with the terms of the
                   instrument that is guaranteed. Accordingly, the allowance for ECL is the present value of the expected
                   payments to reimburse the holder for a credit loss that it incurs less any amounts that the Group expects
                   to receive from the debtor or any other third party.

      21           Fiduciary Activities
                   The Group acts in fiduciary activities as a manager, a custodian, or an agent for customers. Assets held
                   by the Group under fiduciary capacity and the related undertakings to return such assets to customers
                   are excluded from the consolidated statement of financial position as the risks and rewards of the assets
                   reside with customers.

                   The Group enters into entrusted loan agreements with customers, whereby the customers provide
                   funding to the Group, and the Group grants loans to third parties. The Group has been contracted by
                   those customers to manage the administration and collection of these entrusted loans on their behalf.
                   The Group receives fees in return for the services it provides. As the Group does not assume the risks
                   and rewards of the entrusted loans, the entrusted loans are not recognized as the Group’s assets or
                   liabilities.

                   The Group acts as a custodian, trustee and in other fiduciary capacities to safeguard assets for
                   customers in accordance with custody agreements between the Group and other institutions and
                   individuals. The Group receives fees in return for its services provided under the custody agreements and
                   does not have any interest in the economic risks and rewards related to assets under custody. Therefore,
                   assets under custody are not recognized in the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position.
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024         199




                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                  (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


IV    Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
22    Revenue
      Revenue is recognized to the extent that it is probable that the economic benefits will flow to the Group
      and when the revenue can be reliably measured. The following specific recognition criteria must also be
      met before revenue is recognized:

(1)   Interest income
      For all financial instruments measured at amortised cost and interest-generating financial instruments
      classified as financial assets measured at FVOCI, interest income is calculated using the effective interest
      rate, which is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash payments or receipts through the
      expected life of the financial instrument, where appropriate, to the carrying value of the financial asset, or
      the amortised cost of the financial liability. The calculation takes into account all contractual terms of the
      financial instrument (for example, prepayment options) and includes any fees or transaction costs that are
      attributable to the instrument and are a part of the effective interest rate, but not ECLs.

      Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the carrying value of financial assets
      and is included in “interest income”, except for:

      –         purchased or originated credit-impaired financial assets, whose interest income is calculated,
                since initial recognition, by applying the credit-adjusted effective interest rate to their amortised
                cost;

      –         financial assets that are not purchased or originated credit-impaired but have subsequently
                become credit-impaired, whose interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest
                rate to their amortised cost.

(2)   Fee and commission income
      The Group charges fees and commissions by providing various services to customers. The fee and
      commission income is recognized when its performance obligation in contracts is satisfied and when the
      customer obtains the control right of relevant services.

      If one of the following conditions is met, the Group will perform its performance obligations within a
      certain period of time; otherwise, it will perform its performance obligations at a certain time point:

      –         Customers obtain and consume the economic benefits brought by the Group’s performance at
                the same time as the Group’s performance;

      –         Customers can control the services performed during the performance of the Group;

      –         The goods produced by the Group in the process of performance have irreplaceable uses,
                and the Group has the right to collect payment for the part of performance that has been
                completed so far during the whole contract period.

(3)   Dividend income
      Dividend income from equity instruments is recognized in profit or loss when the right to receive payment
      is established.
200     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      IV           Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
      23           Government Grants
                   Government grants are transfers of monetary assets or non-monetary assets from the government to the
                   Group at no consideration except for any capital contribution from the government as an investor in the
                   Group. Government grants are recognized when there is reasonable assurance that the grants will be
                   received and that the Group will comply with the conditions attaching to the grants.

                   Government grants are measured at the amount received or will be received when recognized as
                   monetary assets. Government grants are measured at fair value when recognized as non-monetary
                   assets.

                   The grants related to assets are government grants whose primary condition is that an entity qualifying
                   for them should purchase, construct or otherwise acquire long-term assets. The grants related to income
                   are government grants other than those related to assets. A government grant related to an asset is
                   recognized initially as deferred income and amortised to profit or loss on a reasonable and systematic
                   method over the useful life of the asset. A grant related to income that compensates the Group for
                   expenses or losses to be incurred in the subsequent periods is recognized initially as deferred income
                   and recognized in profit or loss in the same periods in which the expenses or losses are recognized.
                   A grant that compensates the Group for expenses or losses incurred is recognized in profit or loss
                   immediately.

      24           Income Taxes
                   Current tax and deferred tax are recognized in profit or loss except to the extent that they relate to a
                   business combination or items recognized directly in equity (including other comprehensive income).

                   Current tax is the expected tax payable calculated at the applicable tax rate on the taxable income for
                   the year, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years.

                   At the balance sheet date, current tax assets and liabilities are offset if the Group has a legally
                   enforceable right to set off them and the entity intends either to settle on a net basis or to realize the
                   asset and settle the liability simultaneously.

                   Deferred tax assets and liabilities arise from deductible and taxable temporary differences being the
                   differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and
                   their tax bases, which include the deductible losses and tax credits carried forward to subsequent
                   periods. Deferred tax assets are recognized to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will
                   be available against which deductible temporary differences can be used.

                   If a single transaction is not a business combination, it will not affect accounting profits or taxable income
                   (or deductible losses) when the transaction occurs, and the initially recognized assets and liabilities
                   have not resulted in equal taxable temporary differences and deductible temporary differences, then the
                   temporary differences generated in the transaction will not generate deferred income tax.

                   At the balance sheet date, the amount of deferred tax recognized is measured based on the expected
                   manner of realization or settlement of the carrying amount of the assets and liabilities using tax rates that
                   are expected to be applied in the period when the asset is realized or the liability is settled in accordance
                   with tax laws.
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024         201




                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                  (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


IV    Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
24    Income Taxes (continued)
      The carrying amount of a deferred tax asset is reviewed at the balance sheet date. The carrying amount
      of a deferred tax asset is reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable
      profits will be available to allow the benefit of the deferred tax asset to be utilized. Any such reduction is
      reversed to the extent that it becomes probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available.

      At the balance sheet date, deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset if all the following conditions are
      met:

      –         the taxable entity has a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets against current tax
                liabilities;

      –         they relate to income taxes levied by the same tax authority on either the same taxable entity
                or different taxable entities which intend either to settle current tax liabilities and assets on a
                net basis, or to realize the assets and settle the liabilities, simultaneously, in each future period
                in which significant amounts of deferred tax liabilities or assets are expected to be settled or
                recovered.

25    Leases
(1)   The Group as the lessee
      The Group recognizes a right-of-use asset and a lease liability at the lease commencement date. The
      right-of-use asset is initially measured at cost, which comprises the initial amount of the lease liability,
      any lease payments made at or before the commencement date (less any lease incentives received), any
      initial direct costs incurred and the costs to restore the site. The right-of-use asset is depreciated on a
      straight-line basis subsequently by the Group. If the Group is reasonably certain that the ownership of
      the underlying asset will be transferred to the Group at the end of the lease term, the Group depreciates
      the asset from the commencement date to the end of the useful life of the asset. Otherwise, the Group
      depreciates the assets from the commencement date to the earlier of the end of the useful life of the
      asset and the end of the lease term, whichever is shorter.

      The right-of-use assets shall be subject to the provision for impairment according to the accounting
      policies described in Note IV.16.

      The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at the
      commencement date. The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease.
      If that rate cannot be determined, the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate is used. A constant periodic
      rate is used to calculate the interest on the lease liability in each period during the lease term with a
      corresponding charge to profit or loss or included in the cost of assets where appropriate. Variable lease
      payments not included in the measurement of the lease liability is charged to profit or loss or included in
      the cost of relevant assets where appropriate as incurred.

      The Group has elected not to recognize right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for short-term leases that
      have a lease term of 12 months or less and leases of low-value assets. The Group recognizes the lease
      payments associated with these leases in profit or loss or as the cost of the assets where appropriate
      using the straight-line method over the lease term.
202     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      IV           Significant Accounting Policies (continued)
      25           Leases (continued)
      (2)          The Group as the lessor
                   The Group determines at lease inception whether each lease is a finance lease or an operating lease. A
                   finance lease is a lease that transfers substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of a
                   leased asset to the lessee, irrespective of whether the legal title to the asset is eventually transferred. An
                   operating lease is a lease other than a finance lease.

                   Under a finance lease, at the commencement date, the Group recognizes the finance lease receivable
                   and derecognizes the finance lease asset. The finance lease receivable is initially measured at an amount
                   equal to the net investment in the lease. The net investment in the lease is measured at the aggregate of
                   the unguaranteed residual value and the present value of the lease receivable that are not received at the
                   commencement date, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. The Group calculates and
                   recognizes interest income for each period of the lease term using a fixed periodic interest rate.

                   Under an operating lease, lease receipts are recognized as income using the straight-line method over
                   the lease term. Variable lease payments not included in lease receipts are recognized in profit or loss as
                   they are earned.

      26           Dividends
                   Dividends proposed in the profit appropriation plan which will be authorized and declared after the
                   balance sheet date are not recognized as a liability at the balance sheet date but disclosed separately in
                   the notes of subsequent events to the consolidated financial statements.

      27           Related Parties
                   If a party has the power to control, jointly control or exercise significant influence over another party, or
                   where two or more parties are subject to common control or joint control from another party, they are
                   considered to be related parties. Related parties may be individuals or enterprises. Enterprises with which
                   the Bank is under common control only from the State and that have no other related party relationships
                   are not regarded as related parties.

      28           Segment Reporting
                   The Group determines the business segments based on the internal organizational structure,
                   management requirements and internal reporting system. After considering the principle of importance
                   based on the business segments, it determines the reporting segments and discloses segment
                   information.

                   Inter-segment revenues are measured on the basis of the actual transaction prices for such transactions
                   for segment reporting. Segment accounting policies are consistent with those for the consolidated
                   financial statements.

      29           Methodology in Determination of Materiality and Basis for Selection
                   The Group determines the importance of financial information based on the environment, considering
                   both the nature and amount of the matter. When assessing whether a matter is significant from nature
                   perspective, the Group primarily considers whether it is part of the Group’s operating activities and
                   whether it significantly impacts the Group’s financial position, operating results and cash flows. When
                   assessing whether a matter is significant from amount perspective, the Group considers the proportion
                   of the amount of the matter to the amount of operating income, total assets, total liabilities, total equity,
                   profit for the year and total comprehensive income or to the amount of the account caption.
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024         203




                                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                  (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


V      Significant Accounting Judgements and Estimates
       The preparation of the consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and
       assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and the reported amounts of financial
       statement line items. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical experience and
       other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, including rational expectation
       of future matters. Actual results may differ from these estimates. Estimates as well as underlying
       assumptions and uncertainties involved are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting
       estimates are recognized in the period in which the estimates are revised and in any future periods
       affected.

(i)    Measurement of the ECL Allowance
       The measurement of the ECL allowance for financial assets measured at amortised cost, debt
       instruments measured at FVOCI, credit commitments and financial guarantees is an area that requires
       the use of complex models and significant assumptions about future economic conditions and borrower’s
       credit behaviors (e.g. the likelihood of customers defaulting and the resulting losses).

       A number of significant judgements are required in applying the accounting policies for measuring ECLs,
       such as:

       –         The segmentation of portfolios sharing similar credit risk characteristics for the purposes of
                 measuring ECLs, choosing appropriate models and key inputs for the measurement of ECLs;

       –         Criteria for determining whether there was a significant increase in credit risk, or the credit was
                 impaired;

       –         Economic indicators for forward-looking measurement, and the application of economic
                 scenarios and weightings; and

       –         Discounted cash flows and discount rates applied to corporate loans and advances, and
                 financial assets measured at amortised cost in stage 3.

       For details about the measurement of ECLs, please refer to Note XIII.1(3).

(ii)   Fair Value of Financial Instruments
       If the market for a financial instrument is not active, the Group establishes fair value by using a valuation
       technique. Valuation techniques include using recent arm’s length market transactions between
       knowledgeable and willing parties, if available, reference to the current fair value of another instrument
       that is substantially the same, discounted cash flow analysis and option pricing models. To the extent
       practicable, valuation technique makes the maximum use of market inputs. However, where market
       inputs are not available, management needs to make estimates on such unobservable market inputs.
       Under such circumstance, management needs to make estimates on such unobservable market inputs,
       such as counterparty credit risk, market fluctuations and correlations. Changes in assumptions about
       these factors could affect the estimated fair value of financial instruments.
204     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      V            Significant Accounting Judgements and Estimates (continued)
      (iii)        Consolidation of Structured Entities
                   Management applies its judgement to determine whether the Group is acting as agent or principal in
                   relation to the structured entities in which the Group acts as an asset manager or has interests in so
                   as to determine whether the Group has control over the structured entity. In assessing whether the
                   Group is acting as agent or manager, the Group considers various factors such as the scope of the
                   asset manager’s decision-making authority, rights held by other parties, remuneration to which the
                   Group is entitled for the services it provides and the Group’s exposure to variability of returns of other
                   arrangements (including interests the Group directly holds) in the structured entities. The reassessment of
                   control is made if facts and circumstances indicate changes in any of the factors.

      (iv)         Income Taxes
                   Determining income tax provisions involves judgement on the future tax treatment of certain transactions.
                   The Group carefully evaluates the tax implications of transactions and tax provisions are recognized
                   accordingly. Deferred tax assets are recognized for temporary deductible differences, to the extent that
                   it is probable that future taxable income will be used as deduction which the unused tax credits can
                   be utilized. This requires significant estimation on the tax treatment of certain transactions and also
                   significant assessment on the probability that sufficient taxable income will be available for the deferred
                   tax assets to be deducted.

      (v)          Classification of Financial Assets
                   The critical judgements the Group makes in determining the classification of financial assets include
                   analysis of business models and characteristics of contractual cash flows, etc. The Group determines the
                   business model for managing financial assets at the level of financial asset portfolio based on relevant
                   factors. In the process of assessing the characteristics of contractual cash flows, the Group needs to
                   make judgement on whether the contractual cash flow of financial assets is consistent with the basic
                   lending arrangement.

      (vi)         Derecognition of Financial Assets
                   In the normal course of business, the Group transfers financial assets through various types of
                   transactions including regular sales and transfers, securitization, and selling financial assets under
                   repurchase agreements. The Group applies significant judgement in assessing whether the transfer
                   complies with the conditions for derecognition. Where the Group enters into structured transactions by
                   which it transfers financial asset to special purpose entities, the Group analyzes whether it controls these
                   special purpose entities to determine whether the Group needs to consolidate these special purpose
                   entities.
                                                                                             Annual Report 2024         205




                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                           (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
1    Net Interest Income
                                                                                     2024                   2023


     Interest income:
     Loans and advances to customers
        – Corporate loans and advances                                            52,628                  51,687
        – Personal loans and advances                                             25,460                  26,332
        – Discounted bills                                                         2,367                   2,576
     Financial investments
        – Financial assets measured at amortised cost (“AC”)                      12,460                  14,441
        – Financial assets measured at fair value through
             other comprehensive income (“FVOCI”)                                   9,521                  6,695
     Deposits and placements with banks and other financial institutions
        and financial assets purchased under resale agreements                      2,975                  3,131
     Balances with the central bank                                                 1,908                  2,082
     Finance lease receivables                                                      3,378                  3,309


     Total                                                                      110,697                 110,253


     Interest expense:
     Customer deposits
        – Corporate customers                                                    (31,927)                (33,728)
        – Personal customers                                                      (6,997)                  (5,951)
     Deposits and placements from banks and other financial institutions
        and financial assets sold under repurchase agreements                    (13,522)                (12,023)
     Debt securities issued                                                      (11,427)                  (9,328)
     Due to the central bank                                                      (1,530)                  (1,549)
     Lease liabilities                                                              (137)                    (146)


     Total                                                                       (65,540)                (62,725)


     Net interest income                                                          45,157                  47,528
206       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      2            Net Fee and Commission Income
                                                                                     2024      2023


                   Fee and commission income:
                     Agency and entrustment service                                  2,265    1,849
                     Commitment and guarantee service                                1,031    1,435
                     Underwriting and consultation service                             928    1,076
                     Settlement and clearing business                                  678      725
                     Custodian and other fiduciary service                             637      594
                     Fees from bank cards                                              197      211
                     Others                                                            225      253


                   Total                                                             5,961     6,143
                   Fee and commission expense                                       (1,474)   (1,103)


                   Net fee and commission income                                     4,487    5,040


      3            Net Trading Gains
                                                                                     2024      2023


                   Net gains arising from financial instruments measured at FVTPL    9,030    6,733
                   Exchange gains and related derivatives                            1,769      923
                   Precious metals and related derivatives                             411      218
                   Other derivatives and hedged items                                 (439)    (478)


                   Total                                                            10,771    7,396


      4            Net Gains on Financial Investments
                                                                                     2024      2023


                   Net gains arising from financial assets measured at FVOCI         4,795    2,274
                   Net gains arising from financial assets measured at AC            1,054      420
                   Dividend income from equity instruments designated to be
                     measured at FVOCI                                                   6         6
                   Other investment losses                                              (3)      (36)


                   Total                                                             5,852    2,664
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024         207




                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
5    Other Operating Income
                                                                                                2024                   2023


     Operating lease income                                                                    1,166                     482
     Government grants                                                                            46                     435
     Other miscellaneous income                                                                  223                     219


     Total                                                                                     1,435                  1,136


6    Operating Expense
                                                                       Notes                    2024                   2023


     Staff costs                                                         (1)                 13,737                  12,500
     General and administrative expenses                                                      4,642                   4,631
     Depreciation and amortisation                                                            2,022                   1,895
     Taxes and surcharges                                                                       835                     755
     Operating lease expenses                                                                   512                     225
     Donations                                                                                   22                      23
     Auditors’ remuneration                                                                       7                       7
     Others                                                              (2)                    151                     123


     Total                                                                                   21,928                  20,159

     (1)     Staff costs

                                                                                                2024                    2023

             Salaries, bonuses and allowances                                                   9,674                  8,929
             Other social insurance and benefit costs                                           1,783                  1,645
             Housing funds                                                                        636                    530
             Pension costs – defined contribution plans                                         1,417                  1,183
             Labor union fee and staff education fee                                              227                    213

             Total                                                                            13,737                  12,500

     (2)     During reporting period, the expense relating to short-term leases and leases of low-value assets which were
             simplified processed by the Group are not significant.
208       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      7            Expected Credit Losses (“ECL”s)
                                                                            Note     2024      2023


                   Deposits with banks and other financial institutions                 (5)        (6)
                   Placements with banks and other financial institutions               (2)     (215)
                   Financial assets purchased under resale agreements                   (4)       19
                   Loans and advances to customers
                     – measured at AC                                               25,844    14,235
                     – measured at FVOCI                                               (15)      247
                   Financial investments
                     – measured at AC                                                1,746    11,206
                     – measured at FVOCI                                               158       123
                   Finance lease receivables                                           697       551
                   Others                                                              209       269
                   Off-balance sheet items                                            (433)     (316)


                   Total                                                    VI.25   28,195    26,113
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024         209




                                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                       (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
8    Director’s and Supervisor’s Emoluments
                                                                              2024
                                                                                                Contribution
                                                                  Allowances Discretionary       to pension
     (in RMB thousands)                      Fees       Salaries and benefits    bonuses           schemes               Total


     Executive Directors
       Lu Jianqiang                              –           550            83           276              235           1,144
       Ma Hong                                   –           495            83            80              235             893
       Chen Haiqiang                             –         1,000            84             –              235           1,319
       Zhang Rongsen*                            –             –             –             –                –               –

     Non-Executive Directors
      Hou Xingchuan                              –             –             –              –                –               –
      Ren Zhixiang                               –             –             –              –                –               –
      Hu Tiangao                                 –             –             –              –                –               –
      Ying Yuxiang                               –             –             –              –                –               –
      Gao Qinhong*                               –             –             –              –                –               –
      Zhu Weiming*                               –             –             –              –                –               –

     Independent Non-Executive
       Directors
       Wang Guocai                            365              –             –              –                –             365
       Wang Wei                               355              –             –              –                –             355
       Xu Yongbin                             385              –             –              –                –             385
       Fu Tingmei                             360              –             –              –                –             360
       Shi Hao                                 25              –             –              –                –              25
       Zhou Zhifang*                          285              –             –              –                –             285

     Supervisors
       Guo Dingfang                             –            495            83            51              235              864
       Wu Fanghua                               –              –             –             –                –                –
       Peng Zhiyuan                             –              –             –             –                –                –
       Du Quan                                  –              –             –             –                –                –
       Chen Zhong                               –              –             –             –                –                –
       Ma Xiaofeng                              –              –             –             –                –                –
       Wang Junbo                               –              –             –             –                –                –
       Gao Qiang                              320              –             –             –                –              320
       Zhang Fanquan                          320              –             –             –                –              320
       Chen Sanlian                           300              –             –             –                –              300
       Wang Congcong                          125              –             –             –                –              125
       Chen Zhongwei*                           –              –             –             –                –                –
       Song Qinghua*                          200              –             –             –                –              200


     Total                                   3,040         2,540           333           407              940           7,260

     *       On 31 December 2024, the aforementioned individuals are no longer serving as directors or supervisors.
210       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      8            Director’s and Supervisor’s Emoluments (continued)
                                                                                            2023
                                                                                                              Contribution
                                                                                   Allowances Discretionary    to pension
                   (in RMB thousands)                      Fees        Salaries   and benefits    bonuses        schemes             Total


                   Executive Directors
                     Lu Jianqiang                              –           229            34           575             96              934
                     Zhang Rongsen                             –         1,200            90           720            253            2,263
                     Ma Hong                                   –           495            80           597            231            1,403
                     Chen Haiqiang                             –         1,000            81           600            231            1,912

                   Non-Executive Directors
                    Hou Xingchuan                              –             –              –             –             –                –
                    Ren Zhixiang                               –             –              –             –             –                –
                    Gao Qinhong                                –             –              –             –             –                –
                    Hu Tiangao                                 –             –              –             –             –                –
                    Zhu Weiming                                –             –              –             –             –                –

                   Independent Non-Executive
                     Directors
                     Zhou Zhifang                           380              –              –             –             –             380
                     Wang Guocai                            360              –              –             –             –             360
                     Wang Wei                               340              –              –             –             –             340
                     Xu Yongbin                             360              –              –             –             –             360
                     Fu Tingmei                             230              –              –             –             –             230
                     Zheng Jindu*                           198              –              –             –             –             198

                   Supervisors
                     Guo Dingfang                             –            495            80           569             40            1,184
                     Wu Fanghua                               –              –             –             –              –                –
                     Peng Zhiyuan                             –              –             –             –              –                –
                     Chen Zhongwei                            –              –             –             –              –                –
                     Ma Xiaofeng                              –              –             –             –              –                –
                     Gao Qiang                              320              –             –             –              –              320
                     Zhang Fanquan                          320              –             –             –              –              320
                     Song Qinghua                           300              –             –             –              –              300
                     Chen Sanlian                           300              –             –             –              –              300
                     Pan Huafeng*                             –              –             –             –              –                –


                   Total                                   3,108         3,419           365         3,061            851           10,804

                   *       On 31 December 2023, the aforementioned individuals are no longer serving as directors or supervisors.
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024         211




                                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                       (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
8    Director’s and Supervisor’s Emoluments (continued)
     (1)   The total pre-tax remuneration of some directors and the supervisors of the Bank performing their duties is still
           in the process of confirmation, and the rest will be disclosed separately after confirmation.

     (2)   On 14 May 2024, the National Financial Regulatory Administration has approved Mr. Ying Yuxiang’s qualifications
           as a non-executive director; On 12 June 2024, Mr. Shi Hao was elected as an independent non-executive
           director of the sixth term of the Board of Directors; On 12 June 2024, Mr. Wang Junbo was elected as the
           shareholder supervisor of the sixth Board of Supervisors; On 21 June 2024, Mr. Du Quan and Ms. Chen
           Zhong were by-elected as the staff supervisors of the sixth Board of Supervisors; On 2 August 2024, Mr. Guo
           Dingfang, Mr. Wu Fanghua, Mr. Peng Zhiyuan, Mr. Du Quan and Ms. Chen Zhong were elected as the employee
           supervisors of the seventh Board of Supervisors; On 9 August 2024, Mr. Lu Jianqiang, Mr. Zhang Rongsen, Ms.
           Ma Hong and Mr. Chen Haiqiang were elected as the executive directors of the seventh Board of Directors; Mr.
           Hou Xingchuan, Mr. Ren Zhixiang, Ms. Ni Defeng, Mr. Hu Tiangao, Ms. Jin Guorui, Mr. Ying Yuxiang and Mr.
           Wu Zhijun were elected as the non-executive directors of the seventh Board of Directors; Mr. Zhou Zhifang, Mr.
           Wang Guocai, Mr. Wang Wei, Mr. Xu Yongbin, Mr. Fu Tingmei, Mr. Shi Hao and Mr. Lou Weizhong were elected
           as the non-executive directors of the seventh Board of Directors; Mr. Ma Xiaofeng and Mr. Wang Junbo were
           elected as the shareholder supervisors of the seventh Board of Supervisors; Mr. Gao Qiang, Mr. Zhang Fanquan,
           Mr. Chen Sanlian and Mr. Wang Congcong were elected as the external supervisors of the seventh Board of
           Supervisors; Among the newly appointed directors, the qualifications of Mr. Shi Hao and Mr. Lou Weizhong
           have been approved by the National Financial Regulatory Administration, and the qualifications of Mr. Ni Defeng,
           Ms. Jin Guorui and Mr. Wu Zhijun are pending approval by the National Financial Regulatory Administration; On
           18 December 2024, the National Financial Regulatory Administration has approved Mr. Shi Hao’s qualifications
           as an independent non-executive director (On 12 January 2023, Mr. Wu Fanghua and Mr. Peng Zhiyuan were
           by-elected as the staff supervisors of the sixth Board of Supervisors; On 4 May 2023, the original China Banking
           and Insurance Regulatory Commission (hereinafter refer to as “the original CBIRC”) approved the qualifications of
           Mr. Fu Tingmei as an independent director; On 4 May 2023, Mr. Lou Weizhong was elected as an independent
           non-executive director of the sixth Board of Directors and Mr. Lou Weizhong’s qualifications are subject to
           the approval of the National Financial Regulatory Administration; On 9 August, 2023, the National Financial
           Regulatory Administration has approved Mr. Lu Jianqiang’s qualifications as a director and chairman of the
           Board; On 19 December, 2023, Mr. Ma Xiaofeng was elected as the shareholder supervisor of the sixth Board of
           Supervisors).

     (3)   On 27 February 2024, Mr. Chen Zhongwei resigned as the Bank’s staff supervisor; On 9 August 2024, Ms.
           Gao Qinhong and Mr. Zhu Weiming ceased to be non-executive directors of the Board of the Bank, Mr. Song
           Qinghua ceased to be a supervisor of the Bank; On 18 August 2024, Mr. Zhang Rongsen resigned as the
           executive director of the Bank; On 24 September 2024, Mr. Zhou Zhifang and Mr. Wang Guocai resigned as
           the Bank’s independent director, Mr. Wang Guocai will continue to perform his duties as required until the new
           independent director is qualified for appointment (On 4 May 2023, Mr. Pan Huafeng resigned as the Bank’s staff
           supervisor; On 5 July 2023, Mr. Zheng Jindu resigned as the Bank’s independent director).

     (4)   Employee supervisors of the Bank receive remuneration as staff, and receive no remuneration as supervisors.

     (5)   Supervisors of the Bank receive only remuneration in respect of their services as supervisors. No emoluments
           were paid to or receivable by supervisors.
212       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      9            Five Highest Paid Individuals
                   For the year ended 31 December 2024, the five highest paid individuals in the Group include neither
                   director nor supervisor (2023: neither director nor supervisor). The five highest paid individuals for the
                   year are as follows:

                                                                                                                 2024                2023


                   Salaries and allowances and other benefits                                                        1                   2
                   Discretionary bonuses                                                                            25                  40


                   Total                                                                                            26                  42

                   The emoluments fell within the following bands:

                                                                                                           Number of Individuals
                                                                                                                 2024                2023


                   RMB4,500,001 – RMB5,000,000                                                                       3                   –
                   RMB5,000,001 – RMB5,500,000                                                                       1                   –
                   RMB5,500,001 – RMB6,000,000                                                                       1                   –
                   RMB6,000,001 – RMB6,500,000                                                                       –                   –
                   RMB6,500,001 – RMB7,000,000                                                                       –                   –
                   RMB7,000,001 – RMB7,500,000                                                                       –                   –
                   RMB7,500,001 – RMB8,000,000                                                                       –                   1
                   RMB8,000,001 – RMB8,500,000                                                                       –                   2
                   RMB8,500,001 – RMB9,000,000                                                                       –                   2

                   (1)     No emoluments had been paid or payable by the Group to any of the directors, supervisors or the five highest
                           paid individuals as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office.

                   (2)     During the year ended 31 December 2024, no non-cash benefits (share options, cars, insurance premium, club
                           membership, etc.) were paid to the directors or supervisors (2023: Nil).

                   (3)     During the year ended 31 December 2024, no retirement benefits were paid to the directors or supervisors by a
                           defined benefit pension plan operated by the Group (2023: Nil).

                   (4)     During the year ended 31 December 2024, no termination benefits were paid to the directors or supervisors by
                           the Group (2023: Nil).

                   (5)     During the year ended 31 December 2024, no consideration was provided by the Group to former employers for
                           making available directors’ and supervisors’ services (2023: Nil).

                   (6)     During the year ended 31 December 2024, no loans, quasi-loans or other dealings were provided in favour of
                           directors or their connected entities (2023: Nil).

                   (7)     During the year ended 31 December 2024, no significant transactions, arrangements and contracts were in
                           relation to the corporate in which a director of the Group had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly
                           subsisted (2023: Nil).
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024         213




                                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
10   Income Tax Expense
                                                                        Note                    2024                   2023


     Current income tax expense                                                                2,041                  2,657
     Deferred tax expense                                             VI.23(2)                  (155)                  (658)


     Total                                                                                     1,886                  1,999

     Current income tax is calculated based on the statutory rate of 25% of the taxable income of the Group
     in accordance with PRC income tax regulations.

     The difference between the actual income tax charged in the profit or loss and the amounts which would
     result from applying the statutory tax rate to profit before taxation can be reconciled as follows:

                                                                       Notes                    2024                   2023


     Profit before taxation                                                                  17,579                  17,492

     Tax calculated at statutory tax rate of 25%                                               4,395                  4,373
     Effects of non-taxable income                                       (1)                  (3,287)                (3,067)
     Effects of non-deductible expenses                                  (2)                   1,019                    934
     Effects of perpetual bond interest expense                                                 (241)                  (241)


     Income tax expense                                                                        1,886                  1,999

     (1)     The non-taxable income mainly represents interest income arising from treasury bonds and municipal
             government bonds, and dividend income arising from fund investments, which are income tax free in accordance
             with the PRC tax regulations.

     (2)     The non-deductible expenses mainly include the non-deductible write-off losses assessed and confirmed item by
             item, and certain expenses, which are not deductible before taxation according to PRC tax regulations.
214     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      11           Basic and Diluted Earnings Per Share
                   Basic earnings per share are calculated by dividing the net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders of
                   the Bank by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding. At 31 December 2024, the
                   Group possesses no share with potential dilution effect hence there’s no difference between basic and
                   diluted earnings per share.

                                                                                       Note                    2024                2023


                   Consolidated net profit attributable to
                     shareholders of the Bank                                                               15,186               15,048
                   Less: Net profit attributable to other equity
                         instruments holders of the Bank                                                       (963)                (963)


                   Consolidated net profit attributable to ordinary
                     shareholders of the Bank                                                               14,223               14,085
                   Weighted average number of ordinary shares
                     (in millions of shares)                                            (1)                 27,464               24,857


                   Basic and diluted earnings per share
                     (RMB yuan/share)                                                                          0.52                 0.57

                   (1)   In accordance with the IAS 33, Earnings Per Share, the Group adjusted the weighted average number of ordinary
                         shares when calculating the adjusted basic and diluted earnings per share in consideration of the factors relating
                         to the rights issue.
                                                                                                            Annual Report 2024         215




                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                          (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
12   Cash and Balances with the Central Bank
                                                                                        31 December             31 December
                                                                          Notes                2024                    2023


     Cash                                                                                            996                     865


     Balances with the central bank
       – Statutory deposit reserves                                         (1)                108,572                 125,183
       – Surplus deposit reserves                                           (2)                 15,077                  34,483
       – Foreign exchange risk reserves                                     (3)                  4,946                   4,104
       – Fiscal deposits                                                    (4)                     45                      23


     Subtotal                                                                                  128,640                 163,793


     Interest accrued                                                                                  55                     65


     Total                                                                                     129,691                 164,723

     (1)     The Group is required to place statutory deposit reserves with the People’s Bank of China (the “PBOC”). These
             statutory deposit reserves cannot be used for the daily business operation of the Group. At the balance sheet
             date, rates for statutory deposit reserves were as follows:

                                                                                          31 December             31 December
                                                                                                 2024                    2023

             Statutory deposit reserves rate for deposits denominated in RMB                      6.00%                   7.00%
             Statutory deposit reserves rate for deposits denominated in
               foreign currencies                                                                 4.00%                   4.00%

             The statutory deposit reserves ratios of the subsidiary of the Bank complied with the requirement of the PBOC.

     (2)     Surplus deposit reserves includes the funds deposited in the People’s Bank of China for the purpose of capital
             settlement and other non restrictive funds.

     (3)     At 31 December 2024, the foreign exchange risk reserve ratio of the Bank is 20% (31 December 2023: 20%).

     (4)     Financial deposits refer to the funds originated from financial institutions and deposited in the People’s Bank of
             China according to regulations, which cannot be used for the daily business operation of the Group.
216     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      13           Deposits with Banks and Other Financial Institutions
                   Analyzed by type and location of counterparties
                                                                                         31 December        31 December
                                                                                                2024               2023


                   In Chinese Mainland
                      – Banks                                                                   38,297            55,869
                      – Other financial institutions                                             8,710             8,559
                   Outside Chinese Mainland
                      – Banks                                                                     4,740            6,194
                      – Other financial institutions                                                 83               86
                   Interest accrued                                                                  91              155


                   Gross amount                                                                 51,921            70,863
                   Less: Allowance for ECLs (Note VI.25)                                            (2)               (7)


                   Carrying amount                                                              51,919            70,856

                   At 31 December 2024, the Group and the Bank deposited RMB8,283 million and RMB7,973 million
                   respectively with banks in the PRC with restriction in use, respectively (At 31 December 2023, amounting
                   to RMB8,713 million and RMB8,557 million, respectively).

      14           Placements with Banks and Other Financial Institutions
                   Analyzed by type and location of counterparties
                                                                                         31 December        31 December
                                                                                                2024               2023


                   In Chinese Mainland
                      – Other financial institutions                                            13,795             7,548
                   Outside Chinese Mainland
                      – Banks                                                                     3,548              924
                   Interest accrued                                                                  27              108


                   Gross amount                                                                 17,370             8,580
                   Less: Allowance for ECLs (Note VI.25)                                            (4)               (6)


                   Carrying amount                                                              17,366             8,574
                                                                                                Annual Report 2024         217




                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                              (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
15   Derivative Financial Instruments and hedge accounting
     The Group’s derivative financial instruments include interest rate derivatives, currency derivatives,
     precious metal and other derivatives. At the balance sheet date, the derivative financial instruments held
     by the Group are set out below:

     At 31 December 2024
                                                                                    Fair value
                                                                             Derivative         Derivative
                                                Notional amount        financial assets financial liabilities


     Interest rate derivatives                         1,742,708                 10,348                     (10,634)
     Currency derivatives                              1,757,665                 24,372                     (21,962)
     Precious metal and other derivatives                285,614                  6,972                      (3,489)


     Total                                             3,785,987                 41,692                     (36,085)


     Derivatives designated as
       hedging Instruments:
       – Interest rate derivatives                          7,950                       –                        (10)

     At 31 December 2023
                                                                                     Fair value
                                                                              Derivative              Derivative
                                                 Notional amount        financial assets      financial liabilities


     Interest rate derivatives                         2,343,658                  8,600                      (9,003)
     Currency derivatives                              1,009,226                 11,324                      (9,884)
     Precious metal and other derivatives                155,718                  2,029                      (2,147)


     Total                                             3,508,602                 21,953                     (21,034)

     Under the daily mark-to-market and settlement arrangement, any gains or losses of the Group’s position
     in interest rate swap contracts settled in the Shanghai Clearing House, precious metals futures, precious
     metals (T+D) and standard bond forward were settled daily and the corresponding receipts and payments
     were included in the guaranteed deposits.
218     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      15           Derivative Financial Instruments and hedge accounting (continued)
      (1)          Fair value hedges
                   The Group uses interest rate swap instruments to hedge against changes in the fair value of fixed-rate
                   RMB bonds measured at AC.

                   By hedging its exposure to interest rate changes using derivative financial instruments, the Group also
                   faces credit risk from derivative counterparties, which is not offset by the hedged items. The Group
                   effectively controls the credit risk of derivative counterparties by transacting with counterparties with
                   higher credit ratings.

                   Prior to adopting fair value hedge accounting, the Group assesses, through qualitative or quantitative
                   analysis, whether there is an economic relationship between the hedged items and the hedging
                   instruments. In evaluating the existence of an economic relationship, the Group assesses whether the
                   changes in the fair value of the hedged items and the hedging instruments, resulting from the hedged
                   risks, are similar. Further, the Group uses sensitivity analysis to assess the correlation between the
                   changes in the values of the hedging instruments and the hedged items to support this qualitative
                   assessment.

                   In these hedging relationships, the primary sources of hedge ineffectiveness are:

                   –            The impact of counterparties on the fair value of interest rate swaps, including the influence
                                of counterparties’ credit risk and the Group’s own credit risks on the fair value of interest rate
                                swaps, which is not reflected in the fair value of the hedged items due to interest rate changes.

                   –            The difference in maturity dates between the interest rate swaps and the bonds.

                   During the reporting period, gains and losses arising from the hedge ineffectiveness recognized in the net
                   income from trading activities were not significant.
                                                                                      Annual Report 2024        219




                                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                   (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
16    Financial Assets Purchased Under Resale Agreements
(1)   Analyzed by type and location of counterparties
                                                                  31 December            31 December
                                                                         2024                   2023


      In Chinese Mainland
         – Banks                                                          23,177                   8,480
         – Other financial institutions                                   45,230                  66,070
      Interest accrued                                                        22                      71


      Gross amount                                                        68,429                  74,621
      Less: Allowance for ECLs (Note VI.25)                                  (22)                    (26)


      Carrying amount                                                     68,407                  74,595


(2)   Analyzed by type of collateral
                                                                  31 December            31 December
                                                                         2024                   2023


      Bills                                                                       –                6,782
      Bonds
         – Financial bonds                                                38,301                  40,378
         – Government bonds                                               30,106                  27,390
      Interest accrued                                                        22                      71


      Gross amount                                                        68,429                  74,621
      Less: Allowance for ECLs (Note VI.25)                                  (22)                    (26)


      Carrying amount                                                     68,407                  74,595
220     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      17           Loans and Advances to Customers
                                                                                                         31 December           31 December
                                                                                                                2024                  2023


                   Loans and advances to customers measured at AC                                            1,487,701             1,325,604
                   Loans and advances to customers measured at FVOCI                                           324,983               347,668


                   Total                                                                                     1,812,684             1,673,272


      (1)          Analyzed by classification and nature
                                                                                                         31 December           31 December
                                                                                           Note                 2024                  2023


                   Loans and advances to customers measured at AC
                   Corporate loans and advances                                                              1,054,519               898,657


                   Personal loans and advances
                     – Personal business loans                                                                  183,641              177,685
                     – Residential mortgage loans                                                               168,136              137,853
                     – Personal consumer loans                                                                  117,405              146,710


                   Personal loans and advances                                                                  469,182              462,248


                   Loans and advances to customers measured at FVOCI
                   Corporate loans and advances                                                                 195,047              229,513
                   Discounted bills                                                         (a)                 119,200              102,195
                   Personal loans and advances
                     – Personal business loans                                                                     9,449              14,444


                   Subtotal                                                                                  1,847,397             1,707,057

                   Fair value changes                                                                              1,224                1,417
                   Interest accrued                                                                                8,495                7,766


                   Gross amount                                                                              1,857,116             1,716,240
                   Less: Allowance for ECLs (Note VI.25)                                                       (44,432)              (42,968)


                   Carrying amount                                                                           1,812,684             1,673,272

                   (a)     At the balance sheet date, part of discounted bills are pledged for secured liabilities, please refer to Note XI 1.
                                                                                                Annual Report 2024         221




                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                              (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
17    Loans and Advances to Customers (continued)
(2)   Analyzed by type of collateral
                                                       31 December 2024               31 December 2023
                                                       Amount    Proportion           Amount     Proportion


      Unsecured loans                                  468,309      25.35%            464,799               27.23%
      Guaranteed loans                                 377,355      20.43%            326,813               19.14%
      Collateralized loans
        – Mortgage loans                               813,467      44.03%            752,103               44.06%
        – Pledged loans                                 69,066       3.74%             61,147                3.58%
      Discounted bills                                 119,200       6.45%            102,195                5.99%


      Subtotal                                     1,847,397        100.00%         1,707,057             100.00%

      Fair value changes                                 1,224                            1,417
      Interest accrued                                   8,495                            7,766


      Gross amount                                 1,857,116                        1,716,240
      Less: Allowance for ECLs (Note VI.25)          (44,432)                         (42,968)


      Carrying amount                              1,812,684                        1,673,272


(3)   Overdue loans and advances to customers analyzed by overdue period (fair value changes and interest
      accrued excluded)
                                                                 31 December 2024
                                                          Overdue      Overdue
                                           Overdue        between      between
                                              within     3 months 1 year and      Overdue
                                          3 months      and 1 year      3 years  more than
                                         (inclusive)    (inclusive)  (inclusive)   3 years                     Total


      Unsecured loans                          2,562        3,300         937                 190             6,989
      Guaranteed loans                         1,696        1,287       1,125                 516             4,624
      Collateralized loans
        – Mortgage loans                       8,121        7,613       5,404                  43            21,181
        – Pledged loans                           20          415          88                 194               717


      Total overdue loans                     12,399       12,615       7,554                 943            33,511
222     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      17           Loans and Advances to Customers (continued)
      (3)          Overdue loans and advances to customers analyzed by overdue period (fair value changes and interest
                   accrued excluded) (continued)
                                                                               31 December 2023
                                                                       Overdue        Overdue
                                                        Overdue        between        between
                                                           within    3 months      1 year and    Overdue
                                                      3 months      and 1 year         3 years  more than
                                                      (inclusive)    (inclusive)    (inclusive)   3 years         Total


                   Unsecured loans                        2,468         3,212         1,317           64          7,061
                   Guaranteed loans                       1,186         1,226           435          737          3,584
                   Collateralized loans
                     – Mortgage loans                     4,554         8,292         3,883            49       16,778
                     – Pledged loans                         63            83           147            70          363


                   Total overdue loans                    8,271        12,813         5,782          920        27,786

                   Overdue loans represent loans of which the whole or part of the principal or interest has been overdue
                   for one day or more.
                                                                                              Annual Report 2024         223




                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                            (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
17    Loans and Advances to Customers (continued)
(4)   Analyzed by assessment of allowance for ECLs
(a)   Allowance for ECLs of loans and advances to customers measured at AC (interest accrued excluded)
                                                                31 December 2024
                                                     Stage 1    Stage 2      Stage 3                         Total


      Loans and advances to customers
        measured at AC
        – Corporate loans and advances               979,805     55,953               18,761          1,054,519
        – Personal loans and advances                451,848      9,208                8,126            469,182


      Gross amount                              1,431,653         65,161              26,887          1,523,701
      Less: Allowance for ECLs (Note VI.25)       (12,076)       (14,972)            (17,384)           (44,432)


      Carrying amount                           1,419,577        50,189                 9,503         1,479,269

                                                                31 December 2023
                                                     Stage 1    Stage 2       Stage 3                        Total


      Loans and advances to customers
        measured at AC
        – Corporate loans and advances               831,914     50,117               16,626             898,657
        – Personal loans and advances                448,462      5,059                8,727             462,248


      Gross amount                              1,280,376         55,176              25,353          1,360,905
      Less: Allowance for ECLs (Note VI.25)       (11,404)       (14,776)            (16,788)           (42,968)


      Carrying amount                           1,268,972        40,400                 8,565         1,317,937
224     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      17           Loans and Advances to Customers (continued)
      (4)          Analyzed by assessment of allowance for ECLs (continued)
      (b)          Allowance for ECLs of loans and advances to customers measured at FVOCI (fair value changes and
                   interest accrued excluded)
                                                                              31 December 2024
                                                               Stage 1        Stage 2      Stage 3         Total


                   Loans and advances to customers
                     measured at FVOCI
                     – Corporate loans and advances            194,602           153           292       195,047
                     – Discounted bills                        119,187             –            13       119,200
                     – Personal loans and advances               8,645           431           373         9,449


                   Total                                       322,434           584           678       323,696


                   Allowance for ECLs (Note VI.25)                (689)          (117)         (313)      (1,119)

                                                                              31 December 2023
                                                               Stage 1        Stage 2       Stage 3         Total


                   Loans and advances to customers
                     measured at FVOCI
                     – Corporate loans and advances            228,678           385           450       229,513
                     – Discounted bills                        101,825           357            13       102,195
                     – Personal loans and advances              13,756           234           454        14,444


                   Total                                       344,259           976           917       346,152


                   Allowance for ECLs (Note VI.25)              (1,351)          (101)         (490)      (1,942)
                                                                                              Annual Report 2024         225




                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                            (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
17    Loans and Advances to Customers (continued)
(5)   Movements of the allowance for ECLs of loans and advances to customers
(a)   Movements of the allowance for ECLs of loans and advances to customers measured at AC
                                                                      2024
                                                  Stage 1       Stage 2             Stage 3                  Total


      Balance at 1 January 2024                    11,404        14,776               16,788               42,968
      Transfer
        – to Stage 1                                1,375         (1,338)                (37)                   –
        – to Stage 2                                 (473)           532                 (59)                   –
        – to Stage 3                                 (191)        (2,422)              2,613                    –
      (Reversal)/charge (Note VI.7)                   (52)         3,424              22,472               25,844
      Write-off and transfer out                        –              –             (26,688)             (26,688)
      Recoveries of loans and advances
        previously written off                          –              –                2,389               2,389
      Other movements                                  13              –                  (94)                (81)


      Balance at 31 December 2024                  12,076        14,972               17,384               44,432

                                                                       2023
                                                  Stage 1        Stage 2             Stage 3                 Total


      Balance at 1 January 2023                    13,094        10,428               15,217               38,739
      Transfer
        – to Stage 1                                  330           (297)                 (33)                  –
        – to Stage 2                                 (331)           523                (192)                   –
        – to Stage 3                                 (155)        (1,761)              1,916                    –
      (Reversal)/charge (Note VI.7)                (1,541)         5,883               9,893               14,235
      Write-off and transfer out                        –              –             (11,878)             (11,878)
      Recoveries of loans and advances
        previously written off                          –              –                2,016               2,016
      Other movements                                   7              –                 (151)               (144)


      Balance at 31 December 2023                  11,404        14,776               16,788               42,968
226     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      17           Loans and Advances to Customers (continued)
      (5)          Movements of the allowance for ECLs of loans and advances to customers (continued)
      (b)          Movements of the allowance for ECLs on loans and advances to customers measured at FVOCI
                                                                                      2024
                                                               Stage 1          Stage 2          Stage 3            Total


                   Balance at 1 January 2024                     1,351                101            490            1,942
                   Transfer
                     – to Stage 1                                    –                  –               –               –
                     – to Stage 2                                  (11)                14              (3)              –
                     – to Stage 3                                  (12)                (6)             18               –
                   (Reversal)/charge (Note VI.7)                  (639)                 8             616             (15)
                   Write-off and transfer out                        –                  –            (808)           (808)


                   Balance at 31 December 2024                     689                117            313            1,119

                                                                                         2023
                                                               Stage 1             Stage 2        Stage 3            Total


                   Balance at 1 January 2023                     1,723                 38            225            1,986
                   Transfer
                     – to Stage 1                                      1               (1)               –              –
                     – to Stage 2                                     (7)               8               (1)             –
                     – to Stage 3                                   (18)               (7)             25               –
                   (Reversal)/charge (Note VI.7)                  (348)                63             532             247
                   Write-off and transfer out                          –                –            (291)           (291)


                   Balance at 31 December 2023                   1,351                101            490            1,942


      18           Financial Investments
                                                                                         31 December          31 December
                                                                            Notes               2024                 2023


                   Financial investments measured at FVTPL                  18.1                228,873           233,141
                   Financial investments measured at AC                     18.2                469,159           463,311
                   Financial investments measured at FVOCI                  18.3                357,419           304,185


                   Total                                                                     1,055,451          1,000,637
                                                                                                              Annual Report 2024         227




                                             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                            (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
18     Financial Investments (continued)
18.1   Financial investments measured at FVTPL
                                                                                          31 December             31 December
                                                                             Note                2024                    2023


       Fund investments                                                       (1)                175,096                 147,430
       Bond and ABS investments
         – Government bonds                                                                         2,343                   1,841
         – Financial bonds                                                                         21,862                  28,409
         – Interbank certificates of deposit                                                        2,692                  19,391
         – Asset-backed securities (“ABS”)                                                         13,365                  15,908
         – Other bonds                                                                              8,020                  12,469
       Equity investments                                                                           3,559                   4,336
       Trust schemes and asset management plans                               (1)                   1,815                   3,289
       Wealth management products                                                                     121                      68


       Total                                                                                     228,873                 233,141

       (1)     Including investments that are included in the scope of consolidation in accordance with the definition of control
               set out in Note VII.2.


       Analyzed by listing location:

                                                                                          31 December             31 December
                                                                                                 2024                    2023


       Fund investments
         – Listed outside Hong Kong                                                              175,096                 147,430
       Bond and ABS investments
         – Listed in Hong Kong                                                                      2,417                   9,276
         – Listed outside Hong Kong                                                                45,865                  68,742
       Trust schemes and asset management plans
         – Unlisted                                                                                  1,815                  3,289
       Equity investments
         – Listed outside Hong Kong                                                                  1,976                  3,027
         – Unlisted                                                                                  1,583                  1,309
       Wealth management products
         – Unlisted                                                                                    121                      68


       Total                                                                                     228,873                 233,141

       Bond investments traded on the Mainland interbank bond market are included in the listed outside Hong
       Kong category.
228     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      18           Financial Investments (continued)
      18.1         Financial investments measured at FVTPL (continued)
                   Analyzed by type of issuers:

                                                                                               31 December        31 December
                                                                                                      2024               2023


                   Chinese Mainland issuers
                      – Government                                                                     2,343                678
                      – Banking and other financial institutions                                     210,460            203,526
                      – Corporate entities                                                            12,754             21,146
                   Issuers outside Chinese Mainland
                      – Government                                                                          –             1,163
                      – Banking and other financial institutions                                        2,123             4,354
                      – Corporate entities                                                              1,193             2,274


                   Total                                                                             228,873            233,141


      18.2         Financial investments measured at AC
                                                                                               31 December        31 December
                                                                                  Notes               2024               2023


                   Bond and ABS investments                                         (1)
                      – Government bonds                                                             234,495            192,287
                      – Financial bonds                                                              127,331            147,418
                      – Debt financing plans                                                           3,080              9,329
                      – Asset-backed securities (“ABS”)                                                  696              5,851
                      – Other bonds                                                                   24,457             27,305
                   Trust schemes and asset management plans                         (2)               97,784            101,509
                   Interest accrued                                                                    6,713              7,330


                   Gross amount                                                                      494,556            491,029
                   Less: Allowance for ECLs (Note VI.25)                                             (25,397)           (27,718)


                   Carrying amount                                                                   469,159            463,311

                   (1)     At the balance sheet date, part of bond investments measured at amortised cost are pledged for secured
                           liabilities, please refer to Note XI 1.

                   (2)     Trust schemes and asset management plans, mainly invested in credit assets and equity investments under
                           repurchase agreements, are managed and operated by third-party trustees or asset managers.
                                                                                               Annual Report 2024         229




                                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                             (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
18     Financial Investments (continued)
18.2   Financial investments measured at AC (continued)
       Analyzed by listing location:

                                                                         31 December               31 December
                                                                                2024                      2023


       Bond and ABS investments
          – Listed in Hong Kong                                                    13,494                  15,993
          – Listed outside Hong Kong                                              370,815                 356,364
          – Unlisted                                                                5,750                   9,833
       Trust schemes and asset management plans
          – Unlisted                                                                97,784                101,509
       Interest accrued                                                              6,713                  7,330


       Total                                                                      494,556                 491,029

       Analyzed by type of issuers:

                                                                         31 December               31 December
                                                                                2024                      2023


       Chinese Mainland issuers
          – Government                                                            223,819                 191,336
          – Banking and other financial institutions                              127,708                 147,531
          – Corporate entities                                                    119,717                 135,709
       Issuers outside Chinese Mainland
          – Government                                                                8,275                    951
          – Banking and other financial institutions                                      –                     35
          – Corporate entities                                                        8,324                  8,137
       Interest accrued                                                               6,713                  7,330


       Total                                                                      494,556                 491,029

       The gross amount and allowance for ECLs of financial investments measured at AC are analyzed as
       follows (interest accrued excluded):

                                                                  31 December 2024
                                                       Stage1      Stage2       Stage3                        Total


       Financial investments measured at AC            429,470      6,171              52,202             487,843
       Less: Allowance for ECLs (Note VI.25)              (651)    (1,058)            (23,688)            (25,397)


       Carrying amount                                 428,819      5,113              28,514             462,446
230     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      18           Financial Investments (continued)
      18.2         Financial investments measured at AC (continued)
                                                                               31 December 2023
                                                                 Stage1         Stage2       Stage3        Total


                   Financial investments measured at AC         417,991         12,492        53,216    483,699
                   Less: Allowance for ECLs (Note VI.25)         (1,020)        (3,434)      (23,264)   (27,718)


                   Carrying amount                              416,971          9,058       29,952     455,981

                   Movement of allowance for ECLs of financial investments measured at AC

                                                                                     2024
                                                                Stage 1        Stage 2       Stage 3      Total


                   Balance at 1 January 2024                      1,020          3,434       23,264      27,718
                   Transfer
                     – to Stage 1                                      –              –            –          –
                     – to Stage 2                                    (38)            38            –          –
                     – to Stage 3                                      –         (1,953)       1,953          –
                   (Reversal)/charge (Note VI.7)                    (334)          (461)       2,541      1,746
                   Write-off and transfer out                          –              –       (3,781)    (3,781)
                   Recoveries of financial investments
                     previously written off                             –             –          165        165
                   Other movements                                      3             –         (454)      (451)


                   Balance at 31 December 2024                      651          1,058       23,688      25,397

                                                                                      2023
                                                                 Stage 1        Stage 2      Stage 3       Total


                   Balance at 1 January 2023                        980          3,866       16,202      21,048
                   Transfer
                     – to Stage 1                                       –             –            –          –
                     – to Stage 2                                     (18)           18            –          –
                     – to Stage 3                                       –        (1,973)       1,973          –
                   Charge (Note VI.7)                                  55         1,523        9,628     11,206
                   Write-off and transfer out                           –             –       (5,848)    (5,848)
                   Recoveries of financial investments
                     previously written off                             –             –        1,757      1,757
                   Other movements                                      3             –         (448)      (445)


                   Balance at 31 December 2023                    1,020          3,434       23,264      27,718
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024         231




                                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                    (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
18     Financial Investments (continued)
18.3   Financial investments measured at FVOCI
                                                                                   31 December            31 December
                                                                       Note               2024                   2023


       Bond and ABS investments
          – Government bonds                                                               96,352                105,407
          – Central Bank Bill                                                                   –                    520
          – Financial bonds                                                                82,495                 68,415
          – Interbank certificates of deposit                                              67,398                 38,833
          – Asset-backed securities (“ABS”)                                                44,845                 34,017
          – Other bonds                                                                    61,947                 52,703
       Other debt instruments                                                                  50                    121
       Interest accrued                                                                     2,912                  2,825


       Subtotal                                                                          355,999                 302,841

       Financial investments designated to be measured at
         FVOCI
       Equity investments                                               (1)                  1,420                  1,344


       Total                                                                             357,419                 304,185

       (1)     Certain non-trading equity investments are designated by the Group as financial investments measured at
               FVOCI. For the year ended 31 December 2024, dividend income recognized on such equity investments
               amounted to RMB6 million (For the year ended 31 December 2023: RMB6 million).


       Analyzed by listing location:

                                                                                   31 December            31 December
                                                                                          2024                   2023


       Bond and ABS investments and other debt instruments
          – Listed in Hong Kong                                                           28,802                  41,388
          – Listed outside Hong Kong                                                     269,879                 230,413
          – Unlisted                                                                      54,406                  28,215
       Equity investments
          – Unlisted                                                                         1,420                  1,344
       Interest accrued                                                                      2,912                  2,825


       Total                                                                             357,419                 304,185
232     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      18           Financial Investments (continued)
      18.3         Financial investments measured at FVOCI (continued)
                   Analyzed by type of issuers:

                                                                                     31 December      31 December
                                                                                            2024             2023


                   Chinese Mainland issuers
                      – Government and Central Bank                                       74,724           95,468
                      – Banking and other financial institutions                         123,187           77,708
                      – Corporate entities                                                62,115           60,452
                   Issuers outside Chinese Mainland
                      – Government and Central Bank                                       21,644           10,459
                      – Banking and other financial institutions                          54,656           41,246
                      – Corporate entities                                                16,761           14,683
                   Interest accrued                                                        2,912            2,825


                   Subtotal                                                              355,999          302,841

                   Equity investments                                                      1,420            1,344


                   Total                                                                 357,419          304,185

                   The gross amount and allowance for ECLs of debt instruments measured at FVOCI are analyzed as
                   follows (fair value changes and interest accrued excluded):

                                                                              31 December 2024
                                                                   Stage1      Stage2       Stage3          Total


                   Debt instruments measured at FVOCI              348,711        80          436         349,227


                   Allowance for ECLs (Note VI.25)                    (345)        (8)        (325)          (678)

                                                                              31 December 2023
                                                                    Stage1     Stage2       Stage3           Total


                   Debt instruments measured at FVOCI              298,625      1,347         391         300,363


                   Allowance for ECLs (Note VI.25)                    (224)      (106)        (187)          (517)
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024         233




                                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                 (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
18     Financial Investments (continued)
18.3   Financial investments measured at FVOCI (continued)
       Movement of the allowance for ECLs of debt instruments measured at FVOCI
                                                                             2024
                                                          Stage 1      Stage 2           Stage 3                  Total


       Balance at 1 January 2024                              224         106                  187                  517
       Transfer
         – to Stage 1                                         101        (101)                   –                    –
         – to Stage 2                                           –           –                    –                    –
         – to Stage 3                                           –           –                    –                    –
       Charge (Note VI.7)                                      17           3                  138                  158
       Other movements                                          3           –                    –                    3


       Balance at 31 December 2024                            345           8                  325                  678

                                                                             2023
                                                          Stage 1      Stage 2            Stage 3                 Total


       Balance at 1 January 2023                              391           –                      –                391
       Transfer
         – to Stage 1                                             –         –                    –                    –
         – to Stage 2                                           (11)       11                    –                    –
         – to Stage 3                                             –         –                    –                    –
       (Reversal)/charge (Note VI.7)                          (159)        95                  187                  123
       Other movements                                            3         –                    –                    3


       Balance at 31 December 2023                            224         106                  187                  517


19     Investment in Subsidiary
       The Bank
                                                                             31 December               31 December
                                                                                    2024                      2023


       Zheyin Financial Leasing                                                           2,040                  2,040

       For details of the subsidiary, please refer to Note VII.1.
234     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      20           Fixed Assets
                                                                                            31 December          31 December
                                                                             Notes                 2024                 2023


                   Fixed assets                                                   (1)              28,078             22,345
                   Construction in progress                                       (2)               3,190              2,396


                   Total                                                                           31,268             24,741


      (1)          Fixed assets
                                                                                                 Fixed assets
                                                                                                       leased
                                                      Properties    Office and                      out under
                                                             and     electronic           Motor     operating
                                                       buildings    equipment           vehicles       leases           Total


                   Cost
                     At 1 January 2024                   18,537          2,267              188        6,627          27,619
                     Additions                               36            175               20        7,838           8,069
                     Transfers from construction in
                       progress                             202              –                –             –             202
                     Disposals and other changes            (11)           (41)             (10)       (1,274)         (1,336)


                     At 31 December 2024                 18,764          2,401              198       13,191          34,554


                   Less: Accumulated depreciation
                     At 1 January 2024                    (2,980)       (1,699)            (135)         (460)         (5,274)
                     Charge                                 (707)         (185)             (15)         (449)         (1,356)
                     Disposals and other changes               6            38               10           100             154


                     At 31 December 2024                  (3,681)       (1,846)            (140)         (809)         (6,476)


                   Carrying amount
                     Balance at 31 December 2024         15,083            555               58       12,382          28,078


                     Balance at 1 January 2024           15,557            568               53        6,167          22,345
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024         235




                                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
20    Fixed Assets (continued)
(1)   Fixed assets (continued)
                                                                                   Fixed assets
                                                                                         leased
                                           Properties    Office and                   out under
                                                  and     electronic        Motor     operating
                                            buildings    equipment        vehicles       leases                  Total


      Cost
        At 1 January 2023                     15,895          2,079           177            2,700             20,851
        Additions                              2,582            206            21            4,832              7,641
        Transfers from construction in
          progress                                60              –              –                –                 60
        Disposals and other changes                –            (18)           (10)            (905)              (933)


        At 31 December 2023                   18,537          2,267           188            6,627             27,619


      Less: Accumulated depreciation
        At 1 January 2023                     (2,350)        (1,500)          (130)            (306)           (4,286)
        Charge                                  (630)          (217)            (14)           (217)           (1,078)
        Disposals and other changes                –             18               9              63                90


        At 31 December 2023                   (2,980)        (1,699)          (135)            (460)           (5,274)


      Carrying amount
        Balance at 31 December 2023           15,557            568             53           6,167             22,345


        Balance at 1 January 2023             13,545            579             47           2,394             16,565

      At the balance sheet date, there is no significant idle assets held by the Group.

      At 31 December 2024, the Group’s properties and buildings with carrying amount of RMB910 million (31
      December 2023: RMB1,817 million) were still in progress of obtaining the legal titles.
236     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      20           Fixed Assets (continued)
      (2)          Construction in progress

                                                                            Construction
                                                                             in progress


                   Balance at 1 January 2024                                      2,396
                   Additions for the year                                         1,111
                   Transfers to fixed assets                                       (202)
                   Transfers to long-term prepaid expenses                         (115)


                   Balance at 31 December 2024                                    3,190

                                                                            Construction
                                                                             in progress


                   Balance at 1 January 2023                                      1,829
                   Additions for the year                                           760
                   Transfers to fixed assets                                         (60)
                   Transfers to long-term prepaid expenses                         (133)


                   Balance at 31 December 2023                                    2,396
                                                                                           Annual Report 2024         237




                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                         (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
21    Lease
(1)   Right-of-use assets
                                                           Properties
                                               Land use           and
                                                  rights    buildings              Others                 Total


      Cost
        At 1 January 2024                         1,950        5,910                     53              7,913
        Additions                                     –          610                     16                626
        Reductions                                    –         (464)                    (4)              (468)


        At 31 December 2024                       1,950        6,056                     65              8,071


      Less: Accumulated depreciation
        At 1 January 2024                          (321)       (2,663)                  (25)            (3,009)
        Charge                                      (49)         (747)                  (10)              (806)
        Reductions                                    –           426                     3                429


        At 31 December 2024                        (370)       (2,984)                  (32)            (3,386)


      Carrying amount
        Balance at 31 December 2024               1,580        3,072                     33              4,685


        Balance at 1 January 2024                 1,629        3,247                     28              4,904
238     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      21           Lease (continued)
      (1)          Right-of-use assets (continued)
                                                                                  Properties
                                                                   Land use              and
                                                                      rights       buildings             Others            Total


                   Cost
                     At 1 January 2023                                1,950            5,684                56            7,690
                     Additions                                            –              696                 2              698
                     Reductions                                           –             (470)               (5)            (475)


                      At 31 December 2023                             1,950            5,910                53            7,913


                   Less: Accumulated depreciation
                     At 1 January 2023                                   (272)        (2,379)               (23)         (2,674)
                     Charge                                                (49)         (700)                 (7)          (756)
                     Reductions                                              –           416                   5            421


                      At 31 December 2023                                (321)        (2,663)               (25)         (3,009)


                   Carrying amount
                     Balance at 31 December 2023                      1,629            3,247                28            4,904


                      Balance at 1 January 2023                       1,678            3,305                33            5,016

                   At the balance sheet date, there is no land use rights held by the Group for which the title certificate has
                   not been issued.

      (2)          Lease liabilities
                   Analysis of undiscounted lease payments on the maturity date of lease liabilities:

                                                                                            31 December             31 December
                                                                                                   2024                    2023


                   Within 1 year (inclusive)                                                             837                766
                   1 – 2 years (inclusive)                                                               711                764
                   2 – 3 years (inclusive)                                                               534                743
                   3 – 4 years (inclusive)                                                               414                412
                   4 – 5 years (inclusive)                                                               343                337
                   Above 5 years                                                                         640                619


                   The total amount of undiscounted lease payments                                      3,479             3,641


                   Carrying amount of lease liabilities at 31 December                                  3,131             3,257
                                                                                 Annual Report 2024         239




                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                               (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
22   Intangible Assets
                                                                                         Computer
                                                                                          software


     Cost
       At 1 January 2024                                                                       1,197
       Additions                                                                                 254


       At 31 December 2024                                                                     1,451


     Less: Accumulated amortisation
       At 1 January 2024                                                                         (527)
       Charge                                                                                    (113)


       At 31 December 2024                                                                       (640)


     Carrying amount
       Balance at 31 December 2024                                                                811


       Balance at 1 January 2024                                                                  670

                                                                                          Computer
                                                                                           software


     Cost
       At 1 January 2023                                                                       1,049
       Additions                                                                                 148


       At 31 December 2023                                                                     1,197


     Less: Accumulated amortisation
       At 1 January 2023                                                                         (432)
       Charge                                                                                      (95)


       At 31 December 2023                                                                       (527)


     Carrying amount
       Balance at 31 December 2023                                                                670


       Balance at 1 January 2023                                                                  617
240     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      23           Deferred Tax Assets and Liabilities
      (1)          Deferred tax assets and liabilities before offsetting
                                                                    31 December 2024               31 December 2023
                                                                Deductible/                     Deductible/
                                                                   (taxable)     Deferred          (taxable)      Deferred
                                                                 temporary    tax assets/        temporary    tax assets/
                                                                 difference    (liabilities)     difference     (liabilities)


                   Allowance for ECLs and provisions                 89,800          22,450          82,323           20,581
                   Employee benefits payable                          2,280             570           2,394              598
                   Unrealized losses of financial
                      instruments measured at FVTPL
                      and precious metals                                47              12           1,298              324
                   Others                                             3,780             945           4,085            1,021


                   Deferred tax assets before offsetting             95,907          23,977          90,100           22,524


                   Depreciation of fixed assets                            (559)       (140)           (499)            (125)
                   Unrealized gains of financial
                     instruments measured at FVTPL
                     and precious metals                              (1,203)          (301)                 –              –
                   Unrealized gains of financial
                     investments measured at FVOCI                    (5,480)        (1,370)         (1,388)            (347)
                   Unrealized gains of derivative
                     financial instruments                            (3,611)          (903)           (172)              (43)
                   Others                                             (3,126)          (781)         (3,305)            (825)


                   Deferred tax liabilities before offsetting       (13,979)         (3,495)         (5,364)          (1,340)


                   Net amount after offsetting                       81,928          20,482          84,736           21,184


      (2)          Changes in deferred tax
                                                                                           31 December           31 December
                                                                                                  2024                  2023


                   Balance at the beginning of the year                                            21,184             20,901
                   Charge to profit or loss for the year                                              155                658
                   Charge to other comprehensive income                                              (857)              (375)


                   Balance at the end of the year                                                  20,482             21,184

                   At the balance sheet date, the Group has no significant unrecognized deferred tax assets and liabilities.
                                                                                  Annual Report 2024         241




                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
24    Other Assets
                                                               31 December            31 December
                                                       Notes          2024                   2023


      Finance lease receivables                         (1)            61,096                  55,921
      Guaranteed deposits                                               2,620                   1,760
      Settlement and clearing accounts                                  1,704                   2,093
      Deductible input Value Added Tax (“VAT”)                          1,459                     864
      Long-term prepaid expenses                        (2)             1,435                   1,014
      Interest receivable                                               1,260                   1,245
      Continuing involvement assets (Note VI.45 (1))                    1,212                   1,212
      Prepayment                                                          729                     685
      Fee receivables                                                     709                     662
      Non-financial repossessed assets                  (3)               604                   1,105
      Others                                                            1,299                   1,453


      Total                                                            74,127                  68,014


(1)   Finance lease receivables
                                                               31 December            31 December
                                                       Note           2024                   2023


      Finance lease receivables                         (a)              6,782                  4,759
      Less: Unrecognized finance income                                 (1,223)                  (655)


      Balance of finance lease receivables                              5,559                   4,104
      Finance leaseback receivables                                    57,180                  53,205


      Subtotal                                                         62,739                  57,309

      Interest accrued                                                     485                    506
      Less: Allowance for ECLs (Note VI.25)                             (2,128)                (1,894)


      Carrying amount                                                  61,096                  55,921
242     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      24           Other Assets (continued)
      (1)          Finance lease receivables (continued)
                   The undiscounted finance lease receivables to be received by the Group in each of the five consecutive
                   accounting years after the balance sheet date are as follows:

                                                                 31 December 2024               31 December 2023
                                                                 Amount    Proportion           Amount     Proportion


                   Within 1 year (inclusive)                       1,742         25.69%           1,976         41.53%
                   1 – 2 years (inclusive)                         1,778         26.22%           1,304         27.40%
                   2 – 3 years (inclusive)                           691         10.18%             393          8.26%
                   3 – 4 years (inclusive)                           447          6.59%             199          4.18%
                   4 – 5 years (inclusive)                           272          4.01%             152          3.19%
                   Above 5 years                                   1,852         27.31%             735         15.44%


                   Total                                           6,782       100.00%            4,759       100.00%

                   Analyzed by assessment of allowance for ECLs of finance lease receivables (interest accrued
                   excluded)
                                                                                31 December 2024
                                                                  Stage1         Stage2       Stage3              Total


                   Finance lease receivables                      59,320           2,622            797         62,739
                   Less: Allowance for ECLs (Note VI.25)          (1,138)           (457)          (533)        (2,128)


                   Carrying amount                                58,182           2,165            264         60,611

                                                                                31 December 2023
                                                                  Stage1         Stage2       Stage3              Total


                   Finance lease receivables                      55,218           1,364            727         57,309
                   Less: Allowance for ECLs (Note VI.25)          (1,230)           (192)          (472)        (1,894)


                   Carrying amount                                53,988           1,172            255         55,415
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024         243




                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                  (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
24    Other Assets (continued)
(1)   Finance lease receivables (continued)
      Movements of the allowance for ECLs of finance lease receivables

                                                                            2024
                                                      Stage 1         Stage 2             Stage 3                  Total


      Balance at 1 January 2024                          1,230             192                  472               1,894
      Transfer
        – to Stage 1                                         –               –                    –                    –
        – to Stage 2                                       (38)             60                  (22)                   –
        – to Stage 3                                       (21)            (18)                  39                    –
      (Reversal)/charge (Note VI.7)                        (33)            223                  507                  697
      Write-off and transfer out                             –               –                 (585)                (585)
      Recoveries of finance lease receivables
        previously written off                               –                –                 122                  122


      Balance at 31 December 2024                        1,138             457                  533               2,128

                                                                             2023
                                                       Stage 1         Stage 2             Stage 3                 Total


      Balance at 1 January 2023                            916              58                  532               1,506
      Transfer
        – to Stage 1                                         4              (4)                    –                   –
        – to Stage 2                                       (29)             71                   (42)                  –
        – to Stage 3                                       (15)             (1)                   16                   –
      Charge (Note VI.7)                                   354              68                  129                  551
      Write-off                                              –               –                 (317)                (317)
      Recoveries of finance lease receivables
        previously written off                               –                –                 154                  154


      Balance at 31 December 2023                        1,230             192                  472               1,894

      (a)       At the balance sheet date, part of finance lease receivables are pledged for secured liabilities,
                please refer to Note XI 1.
244     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      24           Other Assets (continued)
      (2)          Long-term prepaid expense
                                                                                                  2024             2023


                   Balance at 1 January                                                          1,014               768
                   Additions                                                                       502               296
                   Transfers from construction in progress                                         115               133
                   Less: Accumulated amortisation                                                 (196)             (183)


                   Balance at 31 December                                                        1,435            1,014


      (3)          Non-financial repossessed assets
                                                                                         31 December       31 December
                                                                                                2024              2023


                   Properties and buildings                                                        801            1,418
                   Less: Impairment losses                                                        (197)            (313)


                   Carrying amount                                                                 604            1,105

                   The Group plans to dispose of non-financial repossessed assets through auction, bidding and transfer in
                   a certain coming period.
                                                                                                             Annual Report 2024         245




                                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                           (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
25   Allowance for ECLs
                                                                   (Reversal)/
                                                     1 January         charge      Write-off and         Others 31 December
                                         Notes            2024    for the year      transfer out       (Note (1))      2024


     Deposits with banks and
       other financial institutions      VI.13               7              (5)                –                –                2
     Placements with banks and
       other financial institutions      VI.14               6              (2)                –                –                4
     Financial assets purchased
       under resale agreements           VI.16              26              (4)                –                –               22
     Loans and advances to customers     VI.17
       – measured at AC                                 42,968         25,844           (26,688)           2,308           44,432
       – measured at FVOCI                               1,942            (15)             (808)               –            1,119
     Financial investments               VI.18
       – measured at AC                                 27,718          1,746             (3,781)            (286)         25,397
       – measured at FVOCI                                 517            158                  –                3             678
     Finance lease receivables          VI.24(1)         1,894            697               (585)             122           2,128
     Other assets                                          624            209               (245)              19             607
     Off-balance sheet items             VI.34           1,523           (433)                 –                4           1,094


     Total                                              77,225         28,195           (32,107)           2,170           75,483

                                                                    (Reversal)/
                                                      1 January         charge     Write-off and          Others     31 December
                                         Notes            2023     for the year     transfer out        (Note (1))          2023


     Deposits with banks and
       other financial institutions      VI.13              13               (6)               –                –                7
     Placements with banks and
       other financial institutions      VI.14             220            (215)                –                1                6
     Financial assets purchased
       under resale agreements           VI.16               7              19                 –                –               26
     Loans and advances to customers     VI.17
       – measured at AC                                 38,739         14,235           (11,878)           1,872           42,968
       – measured at FVOCI                               1,986            247              (291)               –            1,942
     Financial investments               VI.18
       – measured at AC                                 21,048         11,206             (5,848)          1,312           27,718
       – measured at FVOCI                                 391            123                  –               3              517
     Finance lease receivables          VI.24(1)         1,506            551               (317)            154            1,894
     Other assets                                          417            269               (103)             41              624
     Off-balance sheet items             VI.34           1,838           (316)                 –               1            1,523


     Total                                              66,165         26,113           (18,437)           3,384           77,225

     (1)     Others include the recoveries of financial assets previously written off and the effect of changes in exchange
             rates.
246     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      26           Due to the Central Bank
                                                                                  31 December   31 December
                                                                                         2024          2023


                   Bonds sold under repurchase agreements with the Central Bank        63,328       100,806
                   Bills sold under repurchase agreements with the Central Bank        14,222        18,643
                   Interest accrued                                                       271           466


                   Total                                                               77,821       119,915


      27           Deposits from Banks and Other Financial Institutions
                   Analyzed by type and location of counterparties
                                                                                  31 December   31 December
                                                                                         2024          2023


                   In Chinese Mainland
                      – Banks                                                          50,864        61,743
                      – Other financial institutions                                  294,020       283,099
                   Outside Chinese Mainland
                      – Banks                                                             354           361
                      – Other financial institutions                                   19,699        10,638
                   Interest accrued                                                     2,003         2,813


                   Total                                                              366,940       358,654
                                                                                                              Annual Report 2024         247




                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                            (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
28   Placements from Banks and Other Financial Institutions
     Analyzed by accounting treatment, type and location of counterparties
                                                                                          31 December             31 December
                                                                            Note                 2024                    2023


     Measured at amortised cost:
     In Chinese Mainland
        – Banks                                                                                    63,648                  50,340
        – Other financial institutions                                                                867                   2,000
     Outside Chinese Mainland
        – Banks                                                                                      8,103                  7,003
     Interest accrued                                                                                  645                    618


     Subtotal                                                                                      73,263                  59,961


     Designated as at fair value through profit or loss:                      (1)
     In Chinese Mainland
        – Banks                                                                                    22,578                  26,208
        – Other financial institutions                                                                  –                   1,512


     Subtotal                                                                                      22,578                  27,720


     Total                                                                                         95,841                  87,681

     (1)     There were no significant changes in the credit spread of the Group during the year and therefore the amounts
             of changes in fair value of the financial liabilities designated as at fair value through profit or loss arising from
             changes in credit risk were not considered significant. The changes in fair value of the financial liabilities were
             mainly attributable to changes in other market factors.
248     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      29           Financial Liabilities at Fair Value through Profit or Loss
                                                                                                           31 December           31 December
                                                                                            Notes                 2024                  2023


                   Financial liabilities designated as at fair value
                     through profit or loss                                                   (1)
                   – Financial liabilities related to precious metals                                                4,180                  120
                   – Others                                                                   (2)                   17,016               13,312


                   Total                                                                                            21,196               13,432

                   (1)     The Group manages and evaluates the financial liability portfolio or financial assets and financial liability portfolio
                           on the basis of fair value according to the enterprise risk management or investment strategy stated in the official
                           written documents, and reports to key management personnel within the enterprise on this basis.There were no
                           significant changes in the credit spread of the Group during the year and therefore the amounts of changes in
                           fair value of the financial liabilities designated as at fair value through profit or loss arising from changes in credit
                           risk were not considered significant. The changes in fair value of the financial liabilities were mainly attributable to
                           changes in other market factors.

                   (2)     Others mainly represent shares held by other parties rather than the Group and liabilities of consolidated
                           structured entities.


      30           Financial Assets Sold Under Repurchase Agreements
                   Analyzed by type of collateral
                                                                                                           31 December           31 December
                                                                                                                  2024                  2023


                   Bonds sold under repurchase agreements                                                           35,253               62,042
                   Interest accrued                                                                                     34                   64


                   Total                                                                                            35,287               62,106
                                                                                       Annual Report 2024         249




                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                     (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
31   Customer Deposits
                                                                    31 December            31 December
                                                                           2024                   2023


     Demand deposits
       – Corporate customers                                              434,291                 653,026
       – Personal customers                                                64,951                  52,363


     Subtotal                                                             499,242                 705,389


     Time deposits
       – Corporate customers                                            1,148,911                 914,175
       – Personal customers                                               239,681                 217,157


     Subtotal                                                           1,388,592              1,131,332


     Other deposits                                                             372                  4,170


     Interest accrued                                                       34,083                  27,768


     Total                                                              1,922,289              1,868,659

     Pledged deposits of customer deposits are listed as follows:

                                                                    31 December            31 December
                                                                           2024                   2023


     Acceptances deposits                                                   25,562                  22,640
     Letters of credit and guarantee deposits                               36,114                  26,917
     Other pledged deposits                                                 40,657                  82,601


     Total                                                                102,333                 132,158
250     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      32           Employee Benefits Payable
                                                                           Accrual   Payments
                                                              1 January     during      during 31 December
                                                                   2024   the year    the year        2024


                   Salaries, bonuses and allowances               5,824     9,674       (9,336)           6,162
                   Staff welfare                                      –     1,217       (1,217)               –
                   Housing fund                                       –       636         (636)               –
                   Social insurance
                     – Medical insurance                             –        356         (356)              –
                     – Work-related injury insurance                 –         10          (10)              –
                     – Maternity insurance                           –          8           (8)              –
                   Commercial insurance                              –        192         (192)              –
                   Labour union fee and staff education fee        161        227         (227)            161
                   Basic pension insurance                           –        697         (697)              –
                   Unemployment insurance                            –         26          (26)              –
                   Annuity                                           –        694         (694)              –


                   Total                                          5,985    13,737      (13,399)           6,323

                                                                           Accrual   Payments
                                                              1 January     during      during      31 December
                                                                  2023    the year    the year             2023


                   Salaries, bonuses and allowances               5,646     8,929       (8,751)           5,824
                   Staff welfare                                      –     1,146       (1,146)               –
                   Housing fund                                       –       530         (530)               –
                   Social insurance
                     – Medical insurance                             –        292         (292)              –
                     – Work-related injury insurance                 –          7             (7)            –
                     – Maternity insurance                           –          9             (9)            –
                   Commercial insurance                              –        191         (191)              –
                   Labour union fee and staff education fee        140        213         (192)            161
                   Basic pension insurance                           –        544         (544)              –
                   Unemployment insurance                            –         19           (19)             –
                   Annuity                                           –        620         (620)              –


                   Total                                          5,786    12,500      (12,301)           5,985
                                                                                     Annual Report 2024         251




                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                   (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
33   Taxes Payable
                                                                  31 December            31 December
                                                                         2024                   2023


     Income tax payable                                                       187                  1,878
     Value added tax (“VAT”) payable                                          654                    812
     Others                                                                   250                    219


     Total                                                                  1,091                  2,909


34   Provisions
                                                                  31 December            31 December
                                                                         2024                   2023


     Allowance for ECLs of off-balance sheet items (Note VI.25)             1,094                  1,523
252     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      35           Debt Securities Issued
                                                                              31 December   31 December
                                                                      Notes          2024          2023


                   Fixed-rate small and micro businesses
                      financial bonds – 2024                           (1)              –        10,000
                   Fixed-rate small and micro businesses
                      financial bonds – 2025                           (2)         10,000        10,000
                   Fixed-rate small and micro businesses
                      financial bonds – 2025                           (3)         10,000        10,000
                   Fixed-rate small and micro businesses
                      financial bonds – 2025                           (4)          5,000         5,000
                   Fixed-rate small and micro businesses
                      financial bonds – 2026                           (5)         10,000        10,000
                   Fixed-rate small and micro businesses
                      financial bonds – 2026                           (6)         15,000        15,000
                   Fixed-rate small and micro businesses
                      financial bonds – 2027                           (7)          5,000         5,000
                   Fixed-rate small and micro businesses
                      financial bonds – 2027                           (8)         15,000             –
                   Fixed-rate small and micro businesses
                      financial bonds – 2027                           (9)         20,000             –
                   Fixed-rate small and micro businesses
                      financial bonds – 2029                          (10)          5,000             –
                   Fixed-rate financial bonds – 2026                  (11)         30,000        30,000
                   Fixed-rate financial bonds – 2027                  (12)         13,000             –
                   Fixed-rate green financial bonds – 2025            (13)         10,000        10,000
                   Fixed-rate special financial bonds for
                      “agriculture, rural areas and farmers” – 2025   (14)          5,000         5,000
                   Fixed-rate asset-backed securities – 2025          (15)          3,369             –
                   Fixed-rate offering – tier 2 capital bond – 2033   (16)         20,000        20,000
                   Fixed-rate offering – tier 2 capital bond – 2033   (17)         10,000        10,000
                   Fixed-rate offering – tier 2 capital bond – 2034   (18)         10,000             –
                   Fixed-rate financial bonds – 2024                  (19)              –         1,500
                   Fixed-rate financial bonds – 2025                  (20)          1,400         1,400
                   Fixed-rate financial bonds – 2027                  (21)          1,500             –
                   Fixed-rate USD medium term note – 2024             (22)              –         3,554
                   Certificates of deposit                            (23)              –         1,860
                   Interbank certificates of deposit                  (24)        339,739       245,948


                   Subtotal                                                       539,008       394,262

                   Interest accrued                                                 2,525         1,676


                   Total                                                          541,533       395,938
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024         253




                                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                       (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
35   Debt Securities Issued (continued)
     (1)   Fixed-rate small and micro businesses financial bonds of RMB10 billion was issued on 24 September 2021, with
           a maturity of 3 years and a fixed coupon rate of 3.00%. The bond matured on 27 September 2024.

     (2)   Fixed-rate small and micro businesses financial bonds of RMB10 billion was issued on 23 February 2022, with a
           maturity of 3 years and a fixed coupon rate of 2.83%.

     (3)   Fixed-rate small and micro businesses financial bonds of RMB10 billion was issued on 7 April 2022, with a
           maturity of 3 years and a fixed coupon rate of 2.93%.

     (4)   Fixed-rate small and micro businesses financial bonds of RMB5 billion was issued on 18 October 2022, with a
           maturity of 3 years and a fixed coupon rate of 2.47%.

     (5)   Fixed-rate small and micro businesses financial bonds of RMB10 billion was issued on 24 April 2023, with a
           maturity of 3 years and a fixed coupon rate of 2.80%.

     (6)   Fixed-rate small and micro businesses financial bonds of RMB15 billion was issued on 3 November 2023, with a
           maturity of 3 years and a fixed coupon rate of 2.82%.

     (7)   Fixed-rate small and micro businesses financial bonds of RMB5 billion was issued on 18 October 2022, with a
           maturity of 5 years and a fixed coupon rate of 2.85%.

     (8)   Fixed-rate small and micro businesses financial bonds of RMB15 billion was issued on 15 March 2024, with a
           maturity of 3 years and a fixed coupon rate of 2.43%.

     (9)   Fixed-rate small and micro businesses financial bonds of RMB20 billion was issued on 15 May 2024, with a
           maturity of 3 years and a fixed coupon rate of 2.23%.

     (10) Fixed-rate small and micro businesses financial bonds of RMB5 billion was issued on 15 March 2024, with a
          maturity of 5 years and a fixed coupon rate of 2.53%.

     (11) Fixed-rate financial bonds of RMB30 billion was issued on 24 July 2023, with a maturity of 3 years and a fixed
          coupon rate of 2.62%.

     (12) Fixed-rate financial bonds of RMB13 billion was issued on 5 September 2024, with a maturity of 3 years and a
          fixed coupon rate of 2.01%.

     (13) Fixed-rate green financial bonds of RMB10 billion was issued on 13 December 2022, with a maturity of 3 years
          and a fixed coupon rate of 3.05%.

     (14) Fixed-rate special financial bonds for “agriculture, rural areas and farmers” of RMB5 billion was issued on 13
          December 2022, with a maturity of 3 years and a fixed coupon rate of 3.05%.

     (15) Fixed-rate asset-backed securities of RMB5,554 million was issued on 15 October 2024. At 31 December
          2024, the subordinate principal of the asset-backed securities was RMB1.214 billion which was all held by the
          Bank. According to the terms of the contract related to the securitization transactions, the Bank has retained
          substantially almost all the risks and rewards of these financial assets, thus continuing to recognize, instead of
          derecognizing, the transferred financial assets. The liabilities are recognized as debt securities issued.

     (16) Fixed-rate offering – tier 2 capital bonds of RMB20 billion were issued on 25 May 2023, with a maturity of 10
          years and a fixed coupon rate of 3.47%. The Bank has an option to redeem the bond at its par value in 2028.
254     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      35           Debt Securities Issued (continued)
                   (17) Fixed-rate offering – tier 2 capital bonds of RMB10 billion were issued on 23 November 2023, with a maturity
                        of 10 years and a fixed coupon rate of 3.50%. The Bank has an option to redeem the bond at its par value in
                        2028.

                   (18) Fixed-rate offering – tier 2 capital bonds of RMB10 billion were issued on 17 April 2024, with a maturity of 10
                        years and a fixed coupon rate of 2.54%. The Bank has an option to redeem the bond at its par value in 2029.

                   (19) Zheyin Financial Leasing issued fixed-rate financial bonds of RMB1.5 billion on 22 July 2021, with a maturity of 3
                        years and a fixed coupon rate of 3.48%. The bond matured on 26 July 2024.

                   (20) Zheyin Financial Leasing issued fixed-rate financial bonds of RMB1.4 billion on 2 June 2022, with a maturity of 3
                        years and a fixed coupon rate of 2.97%.

                   (21) Zheyin Financial Leasing issued fixed-rate financial bonds of RMB1.5 billion on 15 August 2024, with a maturity
                        of 3 years and a fixed coupon rate of 2.09%.

                   (22) Fixed-rate USD medium term note of USD0.5 billion (At 31 December 2023, the amount is equivalent to
                        RMB3,554 million) was issued by the Hong Kong Branch on 16 March 2021 with a maturity of 3 years. This note
                        matured on 16 March 2024 with a fixed coupon rate of 1.10%.

                   (23) At 31 December 2024, there was no unpaid certificate of deposit issued in RMB at Hong Kong Branch (At 31
                        December 2023, there were 7 unpaid certificates of deposit at Hong Kong Branch, the amount of face value is
                        equivalent to RMB1,860 million with maturity less than one year).

                   (24) At 31 December 2024, the Bank has issued a total of 106 interbank certificates of deposit in the interbank
                        market but not yet due, with maximum maturity of one year (At 31 December 2023, the Bank has issued a total
                        of 121 interbank certificates of deposit in the interbank market but not yet due, with maximum maturity of one
                        year).


      36           Other Liabilities
                                                                                                    31 December          31 December
                                                                                                           2024                 2023


                   Settlement and clearing accounts                                                          4,310               3,231
                   Deposits related to finance lease                                                         4,194               4,178
                   Account payable                                                                           1,869               1,749
                   Continuing involvement liabilities (Note VI.45 (1))                                       1,212               1,212
                   Deferred income                                                                             728                 665
                   Dividends payable                                                                            49                  51
                   Others                                                                                    1,803               2,123


                   Total                                                                                    14,165              13,209
                                                                                            Annual Report 2024         255




                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                          (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
37    Share Capital
                                                                         31 December            31 December
                                                                                2024                   2023


      Ordinary shares listed in Chinese Mainland (A share)                       21,544                  21,544
      Ordinary shares listed outside Chinese Mainland (H share)                   5,920                   5,920


      Total                                                                      27,464                  27,464

      On 27 June 2023, the Bank received the proceeds raised from the A share Rights Issue. The net
      proceeds from the A share Rights Issue amounted to RMB9,722 million, of which RMB4,829 million was
      credited to share capital and RMB4,893 million was credited to capital reserve.

      On 28 July 2023, the Bank received the proceeds raised from the H share Rights Issue. The net
      proceeds from the H share Rights Issue amounted to RMB2,754 million, of which RMB1,366 million was
      credited to share capital and RMB1,388 million was credited to capital reserve.

38    Other Equity Instruments
                                                                         31 December            31 December
                                                                  Note          2024                   2023


      Perpetual bonds                                             (1)            24,995                  24,995


(1)   Perpetual bonds
(a)   List of perpetual bonds issued at the end of the year
      Equity instruments in issue                                                            Perpetual bond
      Issue date                                                                         25 November 2021
      Accounting treatment                                                                 Equity instrument
      Initial interest rate                                                                            3.85%
      Issuance price per share (RMB/share)                                                                100
      Number (In millions)                                                                                250
      Amount (In RMB millions)                                                                        25,000
      Issuance fee (In RMB millions)                                                                        5
      Maturity date                                                                        No maturity date
      Conversion condition                                                                              None
      Conversion status                                                                                 None
256     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      38           Other Equity Instruments (continued)
      (1)          Perpetual bonds (continued)
      (b)          Main terms of perpetual bonds
                   The duration of the perpetual bonds is the same as the continuing operation of the Bank. The perpetual
                   bonds issuance sets conditional redemption rights for the issuer. The Bank shall have the right to redeem
                   all or part of the perpetual bonds on each annual interest payment date (including the fifth interest
                   payment date since the date of issuance) five years after the date of issuance. If, after the issuance
                   of the perpetual bonds, unpredictable changes in regulations result in that the perpetual bonds is no
                   longer classified in other tier-one capital, the Bank shall have the right to redeem all, but not part, of the
                   perpetual bonds.

                   The Bank shall exercise the right of redemption subject to the approval of the original CBIRC and on the
                   condition that the following conditions are satisfied: (1) replacing the redeemed instrument with a capital
                   instrument of equal or higher quality, and such replacement shall only be carried out at conditions which
                   are sustainable for the income capacity; (2) or the capital position of the Bank after the redemption right
                   is exercised will remain significantly higher than the regulatory capital requirements stipulated by the
                   original CBIRC.

                   The claims in respect of the perpetual bonds will be subordinated to the claims of depositors, general
                   creditors, and subordinated debts that rank senior to the perpetual bonds, and will rank in priority to
                   all classes of shares held by the Bank’s shareholders and rank pari passu with the claims in respect
                   of any other additional tier-one capital instruments of the Bank that rank pari passu with the bonds. If
                   subsequent amendments to the PRC Enterprise Bankruptcy Law or relevant regulations are applicable,
                   such relevant laws and regulations shall prevail.

                   Upon the occurrence of a Non-Viability Trigger Event, the Bank has the right to write-down/write-off part
                   or all of the principal of the perpetual bonds without the consent of the bondholders. The amount of the
                   write-down/write-off shall be determined by the ratio of the outstanding principal amount of the Bonds
                   to the aggregate principal amount of all additional tier 1 capital instruments with the identical Trigger
                   Event. A Non-Viability Trigger Event refers to the earlier occurrence under the following circumstances:
                   (1) the original CBIRC deems that the Bank would become non-viable without a write-down/write-off; (2)
                   the relevant authorities deem that the Bank would become non-viable without a public sector injection of
                   capital or equivalent support. The write-down/write-off will not be restored.

                   The coupon rate of the perpetual bonds will be adjusted at defined intervals with a coupon rate
                   adjustment period which is every 5 years since the payment settlement date. In any coupon rate adjusted
                   period, the interest payments on the perpetual bonds will be made at a prescribed fixed coupon rate.
                   The coupon rate at the time of issuance will be determined by book running and centralised allocation.

                   The coupon rate is determined by a benchmark rate plus a fixed spread. The benchmark rate is the
                   arithmetic average of the yields to maturity of the 5-year bond yield curve published on www.ChinaBond.
                   com.cn (or other websites recognized by the China Central Depository & Clearing Co., Ltd.) 5 trading
                   days prior to the Announcement Date of the Subscription Agreement or the adjustment date of the
                   benchmark interest rate (excluding the current day) (rounded up to 0.01%). The fixed spread is the
                   difference between the coupon rate and the benchmark rate as determined at the time of issuance. The
                   fixed spread will not be adjusted once determined.
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024         257




                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
38    Other Equity Instruments (continued)
(1)   Perpetual bonds (continued)
(b)   Main terms of perpetual bonds (continued)
      The Bank shall have the right to cancel all or part of the interest distribution of the perpetual bonds and
      any such cancellation shall not constitute an event of default. When exercising such right, the Bank will
      take into full consideration the interest of the bondholders. The Bank may, at its sole discretion, use
      the proceeds from the cancelled distribution to meet other obligations as they fall due. The cancellation
      of all or part of interest distribution on the perpetual bonds will not impose any other restriction on the
      Bank, except in relation to dividend distributions to ordinary shareholders. Any cancellation of any all
      or part or interest distribution on the perpetual bonds will require the deliberation and approval of the
      general shareholders meeting. The Bank shall give notice to the investors on such cancellation in a timely
      manner.

      In the case of cancelling all or part of interest distributions on the perpetual bonds, the Bank shall not
      make any distribution to the ordinary shareholders from the next day following the resolution being
      approved by the general shareholders meeting, until its decision to resume the interest distribution
      in whole to the holders of the perpetual bonds. The Dividend Stopper on ordinary shares will not
      compromise the Bank’s discretion to cancel distributions, and will not impede the Bank from replenishing
      its capital.

      The interest distributions on the perpetual bonds must come from distributable items, and will not be
      affected by the rating of the Bank, nor will be reset based on any change to such rating. The interest
      distribution on the perpetual bonds are non-cumulative, namely, upon cancellation, any amount of
      distribution unpaid to the bondholders in the applicable period will not accumulate or compound to the
      subsequent distribution period thereafter. The perpetual bonds do not have any step-up mechanism or
      any other incentive to redeem. Investors are not allowed to sell the perpetual bonds.

(c)   Changes in perpetual bonds outstanding at the end of the year
      There was no change in the perpetual bonds outstanding at the end of the year during the year.

(2)   Information related to the holders of the equity instruments
                                                                              31 December             31 December
                                                                                     2024                    2023


      Equity attributable to shareholders of the Bank
        – Ordinary shareholders of the Bank                                          173,908                 161,250
        – Other equity instruments holders of the Bank                                24,995                  24,995
      Non-controlling interests
        – Ordinary shareholders of non-controlling interests                             3,840                  3,332
258     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      38           Other Equity Instruments (continued)
      (3)          Changes in other equity instruments outstanding at the end of the year
                                                           31 December                                 31 December
                                                                  2023         Increase     Decrease          2024


                   Perpetual Bond
                   Number of shares (In millions)                    250              –            –           250
                   Amount                                         24,995              –            –        24,995


      39           Capital Reserve
                                                              1 January                                31 December
                                                                   2024        Increase     Decrease          2024


                   Share premium                                  38,570              –            –        38,570

                                                               1 January       Increase                31 December
                                                                   2023    (Note VI. 37)    Decrease          2023


                   Share premium                                  32,289          6,281            –        38,570
                                                                                                                                                               Annual Report 2024               259




                                                                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                                                                     (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
40   Other Comprehensive Income
                                                  Other comprehensive income in the                Other comprehensive income in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and
                                               consolidated statement of financial position              other comprehensive income for the year ended 31 December 2024
                                                                                                                                                                             Net-of-tax
                                                                                                                                                                                amount
                                                                 Net-of-tax                                     Previously                                   Net-of-tax attributable to
                                                                   amount                                      recognized                                      amount shareholders
                                                            attributable to                     Before-tax         amount                     After-tax attributable to of the Non-
                                                  1 January shareholders 31 December            amount of transferred to Income tax amount of shareholders Controlling
                                                       2024 of the Bank         2024              the year profit or loss       expense        the year of the Bank            interests

     Items that will not be reclassified to
        profit or loss
        – Changes in fair value of financial
          investments designated to be
          measured at FVOCI                             240               57              297           76               –              (19)             57              57                –
     Items that may be reclassified to
        profit or loss
        – Changes in fair value of financial
          assets measured at FVOCI                      803            3,011            3,814        8,815          (4,801)         (1,003)           3,011           3,011                –
        – Allowance for ECLs of financial
          assets measured at FVOCI                    1,845             (496)           1,349         (661)              –             165             (496)            (496)              –
        – Exchange differences from the
          translation of foreign operations             520              367              887         368                –                –             368             367                1

     Total                                            3,408            2,939            6,347        8,598          (4,801)           (857)           2,940           2,939                1

                                                   Other comprehensive income in the                 Other comprehensive income in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and
                                                consolidated statement of financial position               other comprehensive income for the year ended 31 December 2023
                                                                                                                                                                                  Net-of-tax
                                                                                                                                                                                     amount
                                                                 Net-of-tax                                      Previously                                      Net-of-tax attributable to
                                                                   amount                                       recognized                                         amount shareholders
                                                            attributable to                     Before-tax         amount                         After-tax attributable to of the Non-
                                                  1 January shareholders 31 December            amount of transferred to Income tax             amount of shareholders            Controlling
                                                      2023 of the Bank          2023              the year profit or loss         expense          the year of the Bank             interests

     Items that will not be reclassified to
        profit or loss
        – Changes in fair value of financial
          investments designated to be
          measured at FVOCI                             217               23              240           31               –               (8)             23              23                –
     Items that may be reclassified to
        profit or loss
        – Changes in fair value of financial
          assets measured at FVOCI                     (237)           1,040              803        3,661          (2,274)           (347)           1,040           1,040                –
        – Allowance for ECLs of financial
          assets measured at FVOCI                    1,783               62            1,845           82               –              (20)             62              62                –
        – Exchange differences from the
          translation of foreign operations             428               92              520           93               –                –              93              92                1

     Total                                            2,191            1,217            3,408        3,867          (2,274)           (375)           1,218           1,217                1
260     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      41           Surplus Reserve
                                                                                                                   Statutory
                                                                                                             surplus reserve


                   Balance at 1 January 2023                                                                          11,075
                   Appropriation (Note VI.43)                                                                          1,471


                   Balance at 31 December 2023                                                                        12,546
                   Appropriation (Note VI.43)                                                                          1,466


                   Balance at 31 December 2024                                                                        14,012

                   Pursuant to the Company Law of the PRC and the Articles, the Bank is required to appropriate 10% of
                   its net profit to the statutory surplus reserve.

      42           Statutory General Reserve
                                                                                                                   Statutory
                                                                                                             general reserve


                   Balance at 1 January 2023                                                                          26,457
                   Appropriation (Note VI.43)                                                                          3,347


                   Balance at 31 December 2023                                                                        29,804
                   Appropriation (Note VI.43)                                                                          5,315


                   Balance at 31 December 2024                                                                        35,119

                   Pursuant to the Administrative Measures on Accrual of Provisions by Financial Enterprises (Caijin [2012]
                   No. 20), financial enterprises establish a statutory general reserve within equity through the appropriation
                   of profit to address unidentified potential impairment risks. The statutory general reserve of the Group
                   and the Bank should not be less than 1.5% of the year-end balance of its risk assets.

      43           Profit Appropriations
                                                                               Notes                 2024               2023


                   Balance at the beginning of the year                                            49,458             44,657
                   Add: Net profit attributable to shareholders of the Bank                        15,186             15,048
                   Less: Appropriation to surplus reserve                                          (1,466)            (1,471)
                         Appropriation to statutory general reserve                                (5,315)            (3,347)
                         Distribution to ordinary shareholders                   (1)               (4,504)            (4,466)
                         Distribution to perpetual bonds holders                 (2)                 (963)              (963)


                   Balance at the end of the year                                                  52,396             49,458
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024         261




                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
43    Profit Appropriations (continued)
(1)   Approved and distributed dividends of ordinary shareholders
      As approved by shareholders in 2023 Annual General Meeting on 12 June 2024, based on the Bank’s
      total ordinary shares amounting to 27,465 million shares on the record date of profit distribution, the
      Bank declared a cash dividend of RMB1.64 for each 10 ordinary shares, with total amount of RMB4,504
      million.

      As approved by shareholders in 2022 Annual General Meeting on 4 May 2023, based on the Bank’s
      total ordinary shares amounting to 21,269 million shares on the record date of profit distribution, the
      Bank declared a cash dividend of RMB2.10 for each 10 ordinary shares, with total amount of RMB4,466
      million.

(2)   Announcement and distribution to perpetual bonds holders
      On 21 November 2024, the Bank announced the interest of perpetual bonds issued amounting to
      RMB963 million at the initial annual interest rate of 3.85% prior to the interest rate reset date determined
      by the terms of the bond. The distribution date was 26 November 2024.

      On 20 November 2023, the Bank announced the interest of perpetual bonds issued amounting to
      RMB963 million at the initial annual interest rate of 3.85% prior to the interest rate reset date determined
      by the terms of the bond. The distribution date was 26 November 2023.

44    Notes to Consolidated Cash Flow Statements
(1)   Cash and cash equivalents
                                                                               31 December            31 December
                                                                                      2024                   2023


      Cash                                                                                996                     865
      Surplus deposit reserves with the central bank                                   15,077                  34,483
      Deposits with banks and other financial institutions with original
        maturities of less than three months                                           36,103                  59,736
      Placements with banks and other financial institutions with original
        maturities of less than three months                                           14,548                      924
      Financial assets purchased under resale agreements with original
        maturities of less than three months                                           66,911                  74,453


      Total                                                                          133,635                 170,461
262     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      44           Notes to Consolidated Cash Flow Statements (continued)
      (2)          Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities
                   The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities from financing activities, including both cash
                   and non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash flows were
                   classified in the Group’s consolidated cash flow statement as cash flows from financing activities.

                                                                       Debt
                                                                  securities            Lease      Dividend
                                                                     issued          liabilities    payable          Total


                   At 1 January 2024                                395,938              3,257          51        399,246
                   Cash changes:
                   Proceeds from issuance of
                     debt securities                                630,284                   –           –       630,284
                   Repayments of principal on debt
                     securities issued                             (485,633)                  –           –      (485,633)
                   Repayments of interest on debt
                     securities issued                              (10,578)                  –           –       (10,578)
                   Payment for dividend distribution                      –                   –      (5,469)       (5,469)
                   Payment for principal element of
                     lease liabilities                                     –              (713)           –           (713)
                   Payment for interest element of
                     lease liabilities                                     –              (137)           –           (137)

                   Non-cash changes:
                   Interest expense (Note VI.1)                      11,427                137            –        11,564
                   Dividends declared                                     –                  –        5,467         5,467
                   Net increase of lease liabilities                      –                587            –           587
                   Exchange difference                                   95                  –            –            95


                   At 31 December 2024                              541,533              3,131          49        544,713
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024         263




                                          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VI    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
44    Notes to Consolidated Cash Flow Statements (continued)
(2)   Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities (continued)
                                                            Debt
                                                       securities          Lease              Dividend
                                                          issued        liabilities            payable                 Total


      At 1 January 2023                                 323,033            3,318                    194            326,545
      Cash changes:
      Proceeds from issuance of
        debt securities                                 535,292                  –                      –          535,292
      Repayments of principal on debt
        securities issued                              (462,592)                 –                      –         (462,592)
      Repayments of interest on debt
        securities issued                                 (9,202)                –                    –              (9,202)
      Payment for dividend distribution                        –                 –               (5,683)             (5,683)
      Payment for principal element of
        lease liabilities                                      –             (705)                      –               (705)
      Payment for interest element of
        lease liabilities                                      –             (146)                      –               (146)

      Non-cash changes:
      Interest expense (Note VI.1)                        9,328              146                      –               9,474
      Dividends declared                                      –                –                  5,540               5,540
      Net increase of lease liabilities                       –              644                      –                 644
      Exchange difference                                    79                –                      –                  79


      At 31 December 2023                               395,938            3,257                      51           399,246


45    Transfer of Financial Assets
      The Group enters into transactions in the normal course of business by which it transfers recognized
      financial assets to third parties or to special purpose vehicles. In some cases where these transfers
      may give rise to full or partial derecognition of the financial assets concerned, the Group fully or partially
      derecognize the transferred financial assets. In other cases where these transferred assets do not qualify
      for derecognition as the Group has retained substantially all the risks and rewards of these financial
      assets, the Group continued to recognize the transferred financial assets.
264     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VI           Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (continued)
      45           Transfer of Financial Assets (continued)
      (1)          Securitization transactions
                   In the process of securitization of credit assets, the Group transfers credit assets to structured entities
                   and issues asset-backed securities as issuers. The Group would determine whether or not to derecognize
                   the associated credit assets by evaluating the extent to which it retains the risks and rewards of the
                   assets.

                   With respect to the credit assets that were securitised and qualified for derecognition, the Group
                   derecognised the transferred credit assets in their entirety. For the year ended 31 December 2024, the
                   Group has transferred the ownership of the loans, the principal of which amounted to RMB6,160 million
                   (2023: RMB9,813 million), as well as substantially all the risks and rewards of the loans have been
                   transferred, the full amount of such securitised loans were derecognised.

                   For those in which the Group has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards
                   of the transferred credit assets, and retained control of the credit assets, the Group recognised the
                   assets on the statement of financial position in accordance with the Group’s continuing involvement
                   and the rest is derecognised. The extent of the Group’s continuing involvement is the extent of risks
                   and rewards undertaken by the Group with value changes of the transferred financial assets. For the
                   year ended 31 December 2024, there is no Group’s continuing involvement (2023: Nil). At 31 December
                   2024, the carrying amount of the assets and liabilities that the Group continues to recognise on the
                   statement of financial position was RMB1,212 million (31 December 2023: RMB1,212 million). The
                   Group also recognised other assets and other liabilities of the same amount arising from such continuing
                   involvement.

      (2)          Non-performing assets transfer
                   For the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group transferred non-performing loans principal amounting
                   to RMB20,144 million (2023: RMB5,375 million), non-performing financial investments principal amounting
                   to RMB1,366 million (2023: RMB6,553 million) and non-performing finance lease receivables principal
                   amounting to RMB48 million (2023: Nil) to the asset management companies. For the year ended 31
                   December 2024, the Group has transferred the ownership of non-performing loans, the principal of which
                   amounted to RMB6,160 million (2023: RMB4,202 million) through securitization transactions. For the
                   year ended 31 December 2024, the Group has transferred the ownership of non-performing loans, the
                   principal of which amounted to RMB1,914 million (2023: Nil) through divestiture of beneficial interest. As
                   the Group transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of these non-performing loans and financial
                   investments, the Group derecognized these non-performing loans and financial investments.

      (3)          Repurchase and securities lending transactions
                   Transferred financial assets that do not qualify for derecognition mainly include securities delivered as
                   collateral in a repurchase transaction to a counterparty and debt securities lent to counterparties under
                   securities lending agreements. The counterparties are allowed to sell or repledge those securities lent
                   under agreements to repurchase in the absence of default by the Group, but have obligations to return
                   the securities at the maturity of the contracts. In some cases, if the value of the relevant securities rises
                   or falls, the Group may require the counterparty to pay additional cash as collateral or need to return part
                   of the cash collateral to the counterparty. The Group determined that it retained substantially all the risks
                   and rewards of these securities and therefore had not derecognized them. At 31 December 2024, there
                   is no Group’s debt securities lent to counterparties (31 December 2023: RMB26,550 million).
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024        265




                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                 (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VII   Interests in Other Entities
1     Interests in Subsidiary
(1)   Composition of the Group
      At the balance sheet date, details of the subsidiary included in the consolidated financial statements are
      as follows:

                                                                                                           Proportion of
                                             Place of    Registered      Business        Registered        equity/voting
      Name                              incorporation      address         nature           capital               rights


      Zheyin Financial Leasing               Zhejiang     Zhoushan        Financial              RMB                51%
                                             Province                    institution          4 billion


(2)   Important non wholly-owned subsidiary and main financial information
      An important non wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group is Zheyin Financial Leasing. The following table
      lists the main financial information of Zheyin Financial Leasing. The main financial information of the
      subsidiary is the amount before the Group’s internal transactions are offset, but it has been adjusted by
      the unified accounting policy:

                                                                               31 December                31 December
                                                                                      2024                       2023


      Total assets                                                                      78,327                  68,381
      Total liabilities                                                                 70,490                  61,580

                                                                                           2024                   2023


      Operating income                                                                    2,361                  2,181
      Profit for the year                                                                 1,034                    909
      Total comprehensive income                                                          1,037                    911
      Net cash generated from operating activities                                        4,694                  5,153
266       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VII          Interests in Other Entities (continued)
      2            Interests in Structured Entities
                   The Group manages or invests in multiple structured entities, which include fund investments, trust
                   schemes and asset management plans, asset-backed securities and wealth management products.
                   To determine whether the Group controls such structured entities, the Group assesses the overall
                   interests (including direct income and expected management fees) in the structured entities through its
                   participation in the decisions on the establishment of the structured entities, the extent of its participation
                   and related contractual arrangements, as well as its decision-making power over the structured entities.

      (1)          Consolidated structured entities directly held by the Group
                   If the Group has power over structured entities through investment contracts and other arrangements,
                   has variable interests through its involvement in the structured entities and has the ability to affect
                   those interests through its power over the structured entities, the Group considers that it controls the
                   structured entities and then consolidates them in the consolidated financial statements.

      (2)          Unconsolidated structured entities directly held by the Group
                   If the Group does not have substantive rights to the primary activities of the structured entities, or the
                   Group only has insignificant proportion of the overall interests in the structured entities over which the
                   Group has power, the Group does not consolidate the structured entities in the consolidated financial
                   statements.

                   The unconsolidated structured entities directly held by the Group include investment funds, trust
                   schemes and asset management plans, asset-backed securities and wealth management products
                   initiated and established by third-party institutions.

                   Considering the relevant agreements and the Group’s investments in the structured entities, the Group
                   does not consolidate the above structured entities in the consolidated financial statements.

                   On the balance sheet date, the relevant balance sheet items, book value and maximum loss exposure
                   of the Group’s equity in the structured entity initiated and established by a third party institution through
                   direct holding of investment in the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position are listed as
                   follows:

                                                                                     31 December 2024
                                                                   Financial        Financial    Financial
                                                                investments      investments investments
                                                                measured at      measured at measured at
                                                                      FVTPL              AC         FVOCI                 Total


                   Fund investments                                   88,154                 –                –          88,154
                   Trust schemes and asset
                     management plans                                  1,815           75,456                –           77,271
                   Asset-backed securities                            10,939              695           45,100           56,734
                   Wealth management products                            121                –                –              121


                   Total                                             101,029           76,151           45,100         222,280
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024         267




                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VII   Interests in Other Entities (continued)
2     Interests in Structured Entities (continued)
(2)   Unconsolidated structured entities directly held by the Group (continued)
                                                                    31 December 2023
                                                    Financial      Financial     Financial
                                                 investments    investments   investments
                                                 measured at    measured at  measured at
                                                      FVTPL             AC          FVOCI                        Total


      Fund investments                                86,468                –                     –            86,468
      Trust schemes and asset
        management plans                               3,289          77,646                   –               80,935
      Asset-backed securities                         14,696           5,831              34,124               54,651
      Wealth management products                          68               –                   –                   68


      Total                                          104,521          83,477              34,124             222,122

      The maximum exposures to loss in the above unconsolidated structured entities directly held by the
      Group are the fair value or amortised cost of the assets held by the Group in the consolidated statement
      of financial position.

(3)   Structured entities which the Group is the sponsor, but which are not included in the consolidated
      financial statements
      The types of unconsolidated structured entities sponsored by the Group include non-principal-guarantee
      wealth management products. The nature and purpose of these structured entities are to generate fees
      from managing assets on behalf of investors. These structured entities are financed through the issue
      of wealth management products to investors. Interest held by the Group are fees charged by providing
      management services.

      At 31 December 2024, the amount of assets held by the unconsolidated non-principal-guaranteed wealth
      management products which are sponsored by the Group was RMB144,574 million (31 December 2023:
      RMB149,182 million). For the year ended 31 December 2024, the commission income recognised by
      the Group for providing asset management services for such financial products was RMB518 million
      (2023: RMB435 million). At the balance sheet date, the balance of service charges receivable for asset
      management services of the Group was not material.
268       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VIII Segment Reporting
      1            Business Segment
                   For management purposes, the Group is organized into different operating segments, namely corporate
                   banking, retail banking and treasury operations, based on internal organizational structure, management
                   requirement and internal reporting system.

                   Corporate banking
                   The corporate banking segment covers the provision of financial products and services to corporations,
                   government agencies and other institutions. The products and services include corporate loans and
                   advances, trade financing, corporate deposits, credit commitments and financial guarantee, underwriting
                   of debt instruments and various types of corporate intermediary services, etc.

                   Retail banking
                   The retail banking segment covers the provision of financial products and services to individual
                   customers. The products and services include personal loans and advances, personal deposits, wealth
                   management businesses, card businesses and various types of retail banking services, etc.

                   Treasury operations
                   The treasury operations segment covers the Group’s treasury operations which include money market
                   transactions, repurchase transactions, debt instruments investments, equity instruments investments,
                   financial derivatives businesses for proprietary trading or on behalf of customers, as well as financial
                   products and services provided to other financial institutions. The division also manages the liquidity level
                   of the Group, including the issuance of debt securities.

                   Other business
                   Other business segments refer to other businesses not included in the above reporting segments and
                   related businesses of the subsidiary.

                   The accounting policies adopted in the preparation of segment reports are consistent with those adopted
                   in the preparation of the Group’s consolidated financial statements.

                   Transactions between segments mainly represent the provision of funding to and from individual
                   segments. These transactions are conducted on terms determined with reference to the average cost of
                   funding and have been reflected in the performance of each segment. Net interest income and expense
                   arising on internal fund transfer are referred to as internal net interest income/expense. Net interest
                   income and expense relating to third parties are referred to as external net interest income/expense.

                   Segment revenues, expenses, profits, assets and liabilities include items directly attributable to a
                   segment as well as those that can be allocated on a reasonable basis. Segment capital expenditure
                   refers to the total cash outflow of purchasing fixed assets, intangible assets and other long-term assets
                   in the accounting period.
                                                                                             Annual Report 2024         269




                                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                           (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VIII Segment Reporting (continued)
1    Business Segment (continued)
     Other business (continued)
     Business segment
                                                                     2024
                                          Corporate       Retail      Treasury
                                           banking      banking     operations          Others               Total


     External net interest income            17,704      16,414         9,327             1,712            45,157
     Inter-segment net interest
        income/(expenses)                    16,492       (4,699)      (11,793)                –                  –


     Net interest income/(expenses)          34,196      11,715         (2,466)           1,712            45,157

     Net fee and commission
       income/(expense)                       2,894         835           785                (27)           4,487
     Net trading gains                            –           –        10,771                  –           10,771
     Net gains on financial
       investments                            1,034            –        4,818                 –              5,852
     Other operating income                       –           18           93             1,324              1,435


     Operating income                        38,124      12,568        14,001             3,009            67,702


     Operating expenses                      (10,880)     (5,448)       (4,121)          (1,479)          (21,928)
     Expected credit losses                  (15,822)     (9,783)       (1,893)            (697)          (28,195)


     Total operating expenses                (26,702)    (15,231)       (6,014)          (2,176)          (50,123)


     Profit/(losses) before taxation         11,422       (2,663)       7,987               833            17,579


     Segment assets                        1,465,252    494,796     1,256,099           88,910         3,305,057
     Unallocated assets                                                                                   20,482


     Total assets                                                                                      3,325,539


     Segment liabilities                  (1,608,640)   (312,390)   (1,190,093)        (11,673)       (3,122,796)


     Other segment information:

     Credit commitments and financial
       guarantee                            818,817      17,958             –                 –          836,775
     Depreciation and amortisation              841         396           292               493            2,022
     Capital expenditure                        910         308           781             8,704           10,703
270       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VIII Segment Reporting (continued)
      1            Business Segment (continued)
                   Other business (continued)
                   Business segment (continued)
                                                                                   2023
                                                      Corporate         Retail     Treasury
                                                       banking        banking    operations     Others          Total


                   External net interest income          17,399       19,021          9,353      1,755        47,528
                   Inter-segment net interest
                      income/(expenses)                  14,647        (6,895)       (7,752)          –             –


                   Net interest income                   32,046       12,126          1,601      1,755        47,528

                   Net fee and commission
                     income                                2,748        1,060         1,227           5        5,040
                   Net trading gains                           –            –         7,396           –        7,396
                   Net gains on financial
                     investments                             541            –         2,123          –         2,664
                   Other operating income                    147          230            57        702         1,136


                   Operating income                      35,482       13,416        12,404       2,462        63,764


                   Operating expenses                    (10,322)      (4,736)        (3,971)    (1,130)      (20,159)
                   Expected credit losses                  (5,624)     (8,651)      (11,131)       (707)      (26,113)


                   Total operating expenses              (15,946)     (13,387)      (15,102)     (1,837)      (46,272)


                   Profit/(losses) before taxation       19,536            29        (2,698)       625        17,492


                   Segment assets                     1,356,967      494,023     1,193,690      78,015     3,122,695
                   Unallocated assets                                                                         21,184


                   Total assets                                                                            3,143,879


                   Segment liabilities                (1,592,001)    (275,770)   (1,075,445)    (11,086)   (2,954,302)


                   Other segment information:

                   Credit commitments and financial
                     guarantee                          806,177       18,424              –          –       824,601
                   Depreciation and amortisation          1,013          477            352        270         2,112
                   Capital expenditure                    4,293        1,563          3,777        247         9,880
                                                                                               Annual Report 2024         271




                                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                             (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VIII Segment Reporting (continued)
2    Regional Division
     The Group operates principally in Chinese Mainland, and also has a branch in Hong Kong, China.
     Geographically, the Group mainly conducts its business in the four areas listed below in Chinese
     Mainland.

     “Yangtze River Delta Region” refers to the head office, Zheyin Financial Leasing and the following areas
     serviced by the tier-one branches of the Group: Hangzhou, Ningbo, Wenzhou, Shaoxing, Zhoushan,
     Shanghai, Nanjing, Suzhou, Hefei, Jinhua;

     “Bohai Rim Region” refers to the following areas serviced by the tier-one branches of the Group:
     Beijing, Tianjin, Jinan, Shenyang;

     “Pearl River Delta Region and Economic Zone on the Western Coast of the Taiwan Straits” refers to the
     following areas serviced by the tier-one branches of the Group: Shenzhen, Guangzhou, Hong Kong,
     Fuzhou; and

     “Midwestern China Region” refers to the following areas serviced by the tier-one branches of the Group:
     Chengdu, Guiyang, Xi’an, Lanzhou, Chongqing, Wuhan, Zhengzhou, Changsha, Hohhot, Nanchang,
     Nanning, Taiyuan.
272       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      VIII Segment Reporting (continued)
      2            Regional Division (continued)
                   Regional division
                                                                                                    2024
                                                                                         Pearl River
                                                                                       Delta Region
                                                                                      and Economic
                                                                                        Zone on the
                                                                                      Western Coast
                                                        Yangtze River    Bohai Rim            of the     Midwestern
                                                         Delta Region      Region     Taiwan Straits         China     Elimination        Total


                   External net interest income               29,834         3,812            3,151           8,360             –       45,157
                   Inter-segment net interest
                      (expenses)/income                        (7,441)       4,478            1,785           1,178             –             –


                   Net interest income                        22,393         8,290            4,936           9,538             –       45,157

                   Net fee and commission income               1,325          954              972            1,236             –        4,487

                   Net trading gains                           9,488          550              451             282              –       10,771
                   Net gains on financial investments          4,547          390              227             688              –        5,852
                   Other operating income                      1,301           44               18              72              –        1,435


                   Operating income                           39,054        10,228            6,604          11,816             –       67,702


                   Operating expenses                         (13,246)      (3,036)          (1,950)         (3,696)            –       (21,928)
                   Expected credit losses                     (18,778)      (1,423)          (4,074)         (3,920)            –       (28,195)


                   Total operating expenses                   (32,024)      (4,459)          (6,024)         (7,616)            –       (50,123)


                   Profit before taxation                      7,030         5,769             580            4,200             –       17,579


                   Segment assets                           2,982,840      341,511         289,376          414,808      (723,478)   3,305,057
                   Unallocated assets                                                                                                   20,482


                   Total assets                                                                                                      3,325,539


                   Segment liabilities                     (2,811,553)    (336,345)        (289,760)       (408,616)      723,478    (3,122,796)


                   Other segment information:

                   Credit commitments and financial
                     guarantee                               380,044       147,460          93,131          216,140             –      836,775
                   Depreciation and amortisation               1,129           328             198              367             –        2,022
                   Capital expenditure                         9,658           195              76              774             –       10,703
                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024        273




                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                               (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


VIII Segment Reporting (continued)
2    Regional Division (continued)
     Regional division
                                                                                     2023
                                                                          Pearl River
                                                                        Delta Region
                                                                       and Economic
                                                                         Zone on the
                                                                       Western Coast
                                          Yangtze River   Bohai Rim            of the       Midwestern
                                           Delta Region     Region     Taiwan Straits           China        Elimination           Total


     External net interest income               34,374        3,333            2,736             7,085                –          47,528
     Inter-segment net interest
        (expenses)/income                      (10,411)       5,870            2,552             1,989                –                –


     Net interest income                        23,963        9,203            5,288             9,074                –          47,528

     Net fee and commission income               1,132        1,351            1,012             1,545                –           5,040

     Net trading gains                           6,789         262               201              144                 –           7,396
     Net gains on financial investments          1,955         220               154              335                 –           2,664
     Other operating income                        975          28                25              108                 –           1,136


     Operating income                           34,814      11,064             6,680           11,206                 –          63,764


     Operating expenses                        (11,905)      (2,976)          (1,797)           (3,481)               –          (20,159)
     Expected credit losses                    (15,383)      (2,675)          (3,931)           (4,124)               –          (26,113)


     Total operating expenses                  (27,288)      (5,651)          (5,728)           (7,605)               –          (46,272)


     Profit before taxation                      7,526        5,413              952             3,601                –          17,492


     Segment assets                          2,756,232     383,534          264,807           389,948         (671,826)       3,122,695
     Unallocated assets                                                                                                          21,184


     Total assets                                                                                                             3,143,879


     Segment liabilities                    (2,599,849)    (378,068)        (261,937)         (386,274)        671,826        (2,954,302)


     Other segment information:

     Credit commitments and financial
       guarantee                               377,507     163,394            85,835          197,865                 –         824,601
     Depreciation and amortisation               1,260         319               177              356                 –           2,112
     Capital expenditure                         7,274          95             2,015              496                 –           9,880
274       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      IX           Commitments and Contingencies
      1            Credit Commitments and Financial Guarantee
                   Bank acceptances refer to the Group’s commitment to honor bills issued by customers. Letter of credit
                   and financial guarantee refer to guarantee of customers’ performance the Group provides to third parties.
                   Approved loan commitments, finance lease commitments and undrawn credit card limit refer to the
                   Group’s credit commitments. Receivables confirmation refer to the Group’s commitment to receivables
                   confirmation issued by customers.

                   The amount of bank acceptances, letter of credit, letter of guarantee, receivables confirmation and
                   other financial guarantee contracts disclosed is the maximum potential loss amount that the Group will
                   recognize at the balance sheet date if the counterparties fail to oblige. The amount of Irrevocable loan
                   commitments, finance lease commitment and undrawn credit line of credit card are the maximum cash
                   flow assuming fully issued. The Group expects that bank acceptances, letter of credit, letter of guarantee
                   and receivables confirmation will be settled at the same time as the payment of customers. Irrevocable
                   loan commitments, finance lease commitments and undrawn credit card facility may not be used before
                   maturity. Therefore, the contract amount mentioned below does not represent the expected cash outflow
                   in the future.

                                                                                           31 December       31 December
                                                                                                  2024              2023


                   Bank acceptances issued                                                       386,023           368,346
                   Letters of credit issued                                                      276,350           228,460
                   Letters of guarantee issued
                     – Financing letters of guarantee                                             35,451            37,056
                     – Non-financing letters of guarantee                                         17,575            11,690
                   Undrawn credit card facility                                                   17,958            18,424
                   Loan commitments and finance lease commitments                                  2,616             3,728
                   Receivables confirmation and other financial guarantee contracts              100,802           156,897


                   Total                                                                         836,775           824,601
                                                                                               Annual Report 2024         275




                                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                             (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


IX    Commitments and Contingencies (continued)
2     Capital Expenditure Commitments
      At the balance sheet date, the Group’s capital expenditure commitments are as follows:

                                                                            31 December            31 December
                                                                                   2024                   2023


      Contracted but not yet incurred                                                 4,177                  3,274
      Authorized but not contracted                                                   2,003                  2,292


      Total                                                                           6,180                  5,566


3     Bond Underwriting and Redemption Commitments
(1)   At 31 December 2024, the Group has no outstanding bond underwriting commitments (31 December
      2023: RMB2,507 million).

(2)   As a member of the saving bonds underwriting syndicate of the Central Government, the Group is
      obliged to redeem these bonds at the discretion of the holders at any time prior to maturity. The
      redemption price for the bonds is based on the nominal value of the bonds deducting commissions
      for early redeemed, plus any interest accrued up to the redemption date. The interest accrued shall be
      calculated in accordance with the relevant rules of the Ministry of Finance (the “MOF”) and the PBOC.

      At 31 December 2024, the Group had underwritten bonds with an accumulated amount of RMB949
      million (31 December 2023: RMB1,096 million) to the general public, and these government bonds
      have not yet matured nor been redeemed. The Group expects that the amount of redemption of these
      government bonds through the Group prior to maturity will not be material.

4     Outstanding Litigations and Arbitrations
      At the balance sheet date, the Group was involved in certain legal proceedings in the ordinary course
      of business. Management expects that such pending litigations will not materially affect the Group’s
      financial position.
276       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      X            Fiduciary Business
      1            Entrusted Loan Business
                   Entrusted loan business means that under the entrusted loan arrangement, the Group acts as an
                   intermediary to provide loans to borrowers based on the instructions of the principal. The Group is
                   responsible for assisting in supervising the use and the recovery of the loan, and charging commissions
                   for the services provided. As the Group does not assume the economic risks and rewards arising from
                   the entrusted loans, the entrusted loans will not be recognized as assets and liabilities of the Group.

                   At the balance sheet dates, the entrusted business assets and liabilities of the Group are as follows:

                                                                                            31 December        31 December
                                                                                                   2024               2023


                   Entrusted loans                                                                 15,482            21,495


                   Entrusted loan funds                                                            15,482            21,495


      2            Entrusted Investments Business
                   Entrusted investment refers to the fact that the Group accepts the entrustment of a single or multiple
                   clients based on the principal-agent relationship to engage in investment services such as asset
                   operation, investment management, investment consultancy and so on. The investment risk of entrusted
                   investment shall be borne by the client.

                   At the balance sheet dates, the entrusted business assets of the Group are as follows:

                                                                                            31 December        31 December
                                                                                                   2024               2023


                   Entrusted investments                                                              401                   7


      3            Wealth Management Services
                   The Group acts as a custodian, trustee and in other fiduciary capacities to safeguard assets for
                   customers in accordance with agreements. The Group receives fee incomes, such as custodian fees,
                   sale fees and investment management fees, in return for its services provided under the agreements and
                   does not have any interest in the economic risks and rewards related to assets under custody. Therefore,
                   assets under custody are not recognized in the Group’s balance sheet.

                   At balance sheet date, please refer to Note VII.2 (3) for information about wealth management services.
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024         277




                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                               (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


XI   Collateral Information
1    Assets Pledged as Security
     The book value of the Group’s secured liabilities related to the assets as collateral on the balance sheet
     dates are presented as due to the central bank, placements from banks and other financial institutions,
     financial assets sold under repurchase agreements and customer deposits. At the balance sheet date,
     the secured liabilities (interest accrued excluded) of the Group were as follows:

                                                                             31 December             31 December
                                                                                    2024                    2023


     Due to the central bank                                                          77,550                119,449
     Placements from banks and other financial institutions                              172                    109
     Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements                                35,253                 62,042
     Customer deposits                                                                87,279                 42,356


     Total                                                                          200,254                 223,956

     The secured liabilities analyzed by collateral type were as follows:

                                                                             31 December             31 December
                                                                                    2024                    2023


     Bond investments                                                               192,616                 213,566
     Bills                                                                           14,222                  18,723
     Finance lease receivables                                                          269                     164
     Bank deposit certificate                                                           156                     156


     Total                                                                          207,263                 232,609

     In addition, the Group provided collateral for the securities borrowed through the security lending and
     swap business. At 31 December 2024, the assets as collateral under the security lending and swap
     business of the Group were RMB100 million (31 December 2023: RMB102 million).

2    Assets Received as Collateral
     At 31 December 2024, the Group received securities amounting to RMB100 million (31 December 2023:
     RMB2,043 million) as collateral for financial assets purchased under resale agreements, the Group could
     sell or repledge the collateral in the absence of default by the owner of the collateral. The Group has an
     obligation to return the collateral to the owner on the date of resale, at the balance sheet date, none of
     the collateral is re-sold or re-pledged. Details of collateral related information in loans and advances to
     customers and financial investments that are credit-impaired could be referred to in Note XIII.1(10).
278       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      XII          Related Parties and Related Party Transactions
      1            Major Shareholders
                   At 31 December 2024, the shareholding of major shareholder units directly or indirectly holding more
                   than 5% of the Bank’s shares are as follows:

                                                                                         Number of
                                                                                        shares held
                                                                                          (In million    Shareholding
                                                                                             shares)      Percentage


                   Zhejiang Provincial Financial Holdings Co., Ltd.                            3,452          12.57%
                   Zhejiang Provincial Energy Group Co., Ltd. and its group members,
                     Zheneng Capital Investment (Hong Kong) Limited and Zhejiang
                     Energy International Co., Ltd.                                            1,849           6.73%
                   Zhejiang Hengyi Group Co., Ltd. and its group members Zhejiang
                     Hengyi High-tech Material Co., Ltd. and Zhejiang Hengyi
                     Petrochemical Co., Ltd.                                                   1,616           5.88%
                   Hengdian Group Holdings Limited                                             1,616           5.88%
                   Zhejiang Provincial Seaport Investment & Operation Group Co., Ltd.
                     and its group members, Zhejiang Seaport (Hong Kong) Co., Ltd.             1,379           5.02%

                   At 31 December 2023, the shareholding of major shareholder units directly or indirectly holding more
                   than 5% of the Bank’s shares are as follows:

                                                                                          Number of
                                                                                         shares held
                                                                                           (In million   Shareholding
                                                                                              shares)     Percentage


                   Zhejiang Provincial Financial Holdings Co., Ltd.                            3,452          12.57%
                   Zhejiang Provincial Energy Group Co., Ltd. and its group members,
                     Zheneng Capital Investment (Hong Kong) Limited and Zhejiang
                     Energy International Co., Ltd.                                            1,849           6.73%
                   Zhejiang Hengyi Group Co., Ltd. and its group members Zhejiang
                     Hengyi High-tech Material Co., Ltd. and Zhejiang Hengyi
                     Petrochemical Co., Ltd.                                                   1,616           5.88%
                   Hengdian Group Holdings Limited                                             1,616           5.88%
                   Zhejiang Provincial Seaport Investment & Operation Group Co., Ltd.
                     and its group members, Zhejiang Seaport (Hong Kong) Co., Ltd.             1,379           5.02%
                                                                                                                                             Annual Report 2024           279




                                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                                                           (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


XII   Related Parties and Related Party Transactions (continued)
2     Related Party Transactions
      The amount of major transactions between the Group and related parties and the balance of major
      current accounts at the balance sheet date are as follows:

                                                                                                               Zhejiang
                                                                                                             Provincial
                                             Zhejiang         Zhejiang                       Hengdian           Seaport
                                           Provincial       Provincial        Zhejiang           Group    Investment &                                      Proportion
                                            Financial    Energy Group     Hengyi Group        Holdings       Operation                                 in the amount/
                                        Holdings Co.,        Co., Ltd.        Co., Ltd.        Limited      Group Co.,                                      balance of
                                          Ltd. and its         and its          and its         and its     Ltd. and its                                related similar
                                         subsidiaries     subsidiaries     subsidiaries    subsidiaries    subsidiaries          Others          Total transactions


      The amount of significant
        transactions in 2024 is as
        follows:
        Interest income                             2                9              31               1               15             215            273          0.25%
        Interest expense                          (11)              (3)              –              (8)             (10)            (95)          (127)         0.19%
        Fee and commission income                   –                –               1               –                –               3              4          0.07%
        Net trading gains                         272                –               –             206                –              47            525          4.87%
        Other operating income                      –                –               –               –                –               1              1          0.07%
        Operating expenses                          –                –               –               –               (1)             (3)            (4)         0.02%

      At 31 December 2024, the
        balance of major balance
        sheet items is as follows:
        Derivative financial assets                 –                –                –              –                –             264           264           0.63%
        Financial Assets Purchased
          Under Resale Agreements                 210                –                –              –                –             200           410           0.60%
        Loans and advances to
          customers                                 –             265            1,794              78              367           5,233         7,737           0.42%
        Financial investments
          measured at FVTPL                     6,855                –                –          3,952                –           2,321        13,128           5.74%
        Financial investments
          measured at FVOCI                         –               31                –              –                –                –            31          0.01%
        Customer deposits                      (3,375)             (69)            (400)          (541)            (842)          (5,601)      (10,828)         0.57%

      The major off balance sheet
        items at 31 December 2024
        are as follows:
        Credit commitments and
           financial guarantee                      –             218            2,500              30                1             149         2,898           0.35%
        Other off balance sheet items               –             100                –               –                –               –           100           0.13%
        Loan balance guaranteed by
           related parties                      8,235             300            4,488              30              368           4,324        17,745           0.66%
280       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      XII          Related Parties and Related Party Transactions (continued)
      2            Related Party Transactions (continued)
                                                                                                                            Zhejiang
                                                                                                                           Provincial
                                                          Zhejiang         Zhejiang                       Hengdian          Seaport
                                                         Provincial       Provincial        Zhejiang         Group     Investment &                               Proportion
                                                          Financial   Energy Group      Hengyi Group      Holdings         Operation                         in the amount/
                                                     Holdings Co.,        Co., Ltd.         Co., Ltd.       Limited      Group Co.,                               balance of
                                                       Ltd. and its         and its           and its       and its      Ltd. and its                         related similar
                                                      subsidiaries      subsidiaries     subsidiaries   subsidiaries     subsidiaries   Others     Total        transactions


                   The amount of significant
                     transactions in 2023 is as
                     follows:
                     Interest income                             4                 9              90              –               11      103        217             0.20%
                     Interest expense                          (62)               (4)              –            (80)              (5)     (44)      (195)            0.31%
                     Fee and commission income                   1                 –              12              –                –        –         13             0.21%
                     Net trading gains                          80                 –               –            165                –        –        245             3.31%
                     Other operating income                      –                 –               –              –                –        1           1            0.16%
                     Operating expenses                          –                 –               –              –               (1)       –          (1)           0.01%

                   At 31 December 2023, the
                     balance of major balance
                     sheet items is as follows:
                     Precious metals                           330                –                –              –                –         –      330             12.76%
                     Loans and advances to
                       customers                               265              343            1,657             97             276     1,828      4,466             0.27%
                     Financial investments
                       measured at FVTPL                     3,730                –                –          4,823                –       10      8,563             3.67%
                     Financial investments
                       measured at FVOCI                       159                –                –              –                –       361       520             0.17%
                     Customer deposits                      (1,022)            (374)            (171)        (1,150)            (454)     (733)   (3,904)            0.21%

                   The major off balance sheet
                     items at 31 December 2023
                     are as follows:
                     Credit commitments and
                        financial guarantee                     65              516            3,390             40                1         –     4,012             0.49%
                     Other off balance sheet items               –               90                –              –                –         –        90             0.12%
                     Loan balance guaranteed
                        by related parties                   9,951              250            1,997             56                –      700     12,954             0.52%

                  The Bank disclosed related party transactions in accordance with Measures for the Administration of
                  Affiliated Transactions of Banking and Insurance Institutions . For major related party transactions, please
                  refer to the Bank’s announcement on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, and for general related party
                  transactions, please refer to the Investor Services column on the Bank’s website.
                                                                                                Annual Report 2024        281




                                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                             (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


XII   Related Parties and Related Party Transactions (continued)
3     Key Management Personnel
      Key management personnel are those persons who have the authority and responsibility to plan, direct
      and control the activities of the Group. The Group enters into banking transactions with key management
      personnel in the normal course of business. For the reporting period, the Group had no material banking
      transactions and balances with key management personnel.

      The remuneration of directors and other members of key management during the period were as follows:

                                                                                       2024                   2023


      Fees                                                                                  2                      2
      Salaries and allowances and benefits                                                  7                      7
      Discretionary bonuses                                                                 1                      5
      Contribution to pension                                                               2                      2


      Total                                                                               12                     16

      The total compensation packages (before tax) for directors and key management personnel have not
      been finalised.The total compensation packages will be further disclosed when determined.
282       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      XII          Related Parties and Related Party Transactions (continued)
      4            Transactions Between the Bank and the Subsidiary
                   The transactions between the Bank and its subsidiary are mainly subject to general business terms
                   and carried out in accordance with normal business procedures or in accordance with the contractual
                   agreements of the Bank, and shall be approved by the corresponding decision-making authority
                   depending on the nature and the amount of the transaction. The amount of major transactions between
                   the Bank and its subsidiary (consolidated structured entities directly held by the Group excluded) and the
                   balance of major current accounts at the balance sheet date are as follows:

                                                                                                    2024              2023


                   Interest income                                                                    66                76
                   Interest expense                                                                   (6)               (5)
                   Fee and commission income                                                          15                25
                   Fee and commission expense                                                          –                 –
                   Net gains on financial investments                                                  –               115
                   Other operating income                                                             16                16
                   Lease payment to subsidiary                                                        13                 –

                                                                                           31 December       31 December
                                                                                                  2024              2023


                   Placements with banks and other financial institutions                          3,002             3,002
                   Other assets                                                                       20                 28
                   Deposits from banks and other financial institutions                             (348)             (433)
                   Other liabilities                                                                  (8)               (14)


      5            Plan and Transaction of Annuity
                   Except for normal contributions, there were no other related party transactions in the annuity funds
                   established by the Group and the Bank during the reporting period.
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024         283




                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                 (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


XIII Financial Risk Management
     The Group is exposed to a variety of financial risks arising from its operating activities. The Group
     analyzes, evaluates, accepts and manages those risks or risk portfolios of a certain degree. Managing
     those risks is critical to the financial industry, and risks are an inevitable consequence of being in
     business operation. The Group’s aim is therefore to achieve an appropriate balance between risk and
     return and minimize potential adverse effects on the Group’s financial performance.

     The Group’s risk management policies are designed to identify and analyze these risks, to set appropriate
     risk limits and control programs, and to monitor the risks and adherence to limits by means of reliable
     and up-to-date information systems.

     The board of directors takes the ultimate responsibility for comprehensive risk management, the board of
     supervisors is responsible for supervising comprehensive risk management, and the senior management
     is responsible for implementing comprehensive risk management. The position of chief risk officer has
     been established in place, the senior management has established special committees including risk
     management and internal control committee, asset and liability management committee, credit extension
     committee, financial asset risk classification review committee and business continuity management
     committee.

     The risk management department at the head office is the coordination department for comprehensive
     risk management and the leading executive department for management of credit risk, market risk
     (excluding interest rate risk of banking book), country risk and information technology risk. The asset and
     liability management department at the head office is the leading executive department for management
     of the interest rate risk of banking book and liquidity risk. The internal control, compliance and legal
     department at the head office is the leading executive department for operational risk and compliance
     risk management. The publicity department of the party committee at the head office is the leading
     executive department for reputational risk management. The development and planning department at
     the head office is the leading executive department for strategic risk management.

     The primary financial risks to which the Group is exposed to when using financial instruments are credit
     risk, market risk (including interest rate risk, foreign exchange risk) and liquidity risk.

1    Credit Risk
     The Group is exposed to credit risk, which is the risk of loss arising from a client or counterparty’s failure
     to discharge its contractual obligations. Exposure to credit risk mainly arises from interbank transactions,
     corporate and retail loans, as well as loan commitments from lending activities. It can also be derived
     from credit enhancement provided by the Group, such as credit derivatives (credit default swaps), letters
     of credit, financial guarantees and acceptances. Management carefully manages its exposure to credit
     risks. The daily credit risk management and control are centralized in the risk management department at
     the head office and reported to the Bank’s senior management in a timely manner.
284       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
      1            Credit Risk (continued)
      (1)          Credit risk measurement
                   Loans and advances to customers, credit commitments and financial guarantee
                   Based on changes in external business environment, internal business conditions and risk profile, the
                   Group has formulated basic credit policies, and specified the policy orientation in respect of customer
                   structure, industry structure, regional structure and key business areas of the Group’s credit business.
                   In addition, the Group regularly adjusts its credit policy on the basis of continuous tracking of macro
                   and industry economic development trends. The Group shall continue to improve the credit system
                   construction, the unified credit extension management system for corporate and institutional customers,
                   group customer identification and unified credit extension management, the overall management
                   and unified control of the total credits of corporate and institutional customers, and the standardized
                   credit approval process, group customer management. The Bank shall also establish a differentiated
                   authorization system, and timely adjust the credit policy and take effective measures to guard against
                   credit risks.

                   The Group has established the credit risk limit framework system, credit risk limit management plans
                   and methods, and specified management mechanisms in respect of setting, adjusting, monitoring and
                   processing quota indicators to effectively transmit risk preferences. Financial assets are written off when
                   the Group is unable to recover the whole or a part of them even after taking necessary measures and
                   implementing necessary procedures, and when the write-off conditions set by the Ministry of Finance and
                   the Group are met.

                   Bond investment
                   The Group manages investment in bonds and other instruments based on the internal credit rating and
                   credit rating of external rating agencies. Except for immediate approval to government bonds, local
                   government debts, central bank bills and policy bank financial bonds, all other bonds are subject to
                   credit approval processes and credit rating requirements. At the same time, the Group continues to
                   focus on the credit rating, business development and industry changes, to perform continuous evaluation
                   and management of credit risk.

                   Non-bond debt investment
                   Non-bond debt investment includes trust schemes and asset management plans and debt financing
                   plans. The Group implements rating assessment system for cooperative trust companies and securities
                   companies, and sets credit lines for the ultimate financing party of the trust income and targeted asset
                   management plans and debt financing plans, and conducts follow-up review of risk management on a
                   regular basis.

                   Interbank business
                   Credit risk of financial institutions is reviewed and managed on a regularly basis. Credit lines are set for
                   banks or other financial institutions that engage in financial transactions with the Group.
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024         285




                                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
1     Credit Risk (continued)
(2)   Risk limits and mitigation measures
      The Group has established policies and procedures for credit risk limits management. Credit risk limits
      are set based on specific customers, industries and the quality of assets, and a working mechanism
      is established regarding credit risk limits management, including limits setting, adjustment, monitoring,
      reporting and processing.

      The Group transfers or mitigates its credit risk exposure by way of guarantee, collateral (pledge), net
      settlement and credit derivatives. Other specific management and mitigation measures include:

      Collaterals and pledged assets
      The Group has formulated a series of policies to mitigate credit risks through various measures. The
      acquisition of collateral and margins and obtaining corporate or individual guarantees is an important
      means for the Group to control credit risk. The Group implements guidelines on the acceptability of
      specific classes of collateral. The principal types of collateral are as follows:

      •         Residential properties

      •         Business assets such as commercial properties, inventories and accounts receivables

      •         Financial instruments such as debt securities and stocks

      The fair value of collaterals and pledges are assessed by professional valuation firms appointed by the
      Group. To reduce credit risk, the Group has set maximum loan-to-value ratio (ratio of loan amount to fair
      value of collateral and pledge) for different collaterals and pledges. The principal types of collateral and
      pledge and the maximum loan-to-value ratio for corporate and retail loans are as follows:

                                                                                                        Maximum
      Type of collaterals and pledged assets                                                   loan to value ratio


      Time deposits, PRC treasury bonds                                                                         100%
      Financial bonds                                                                                            80%
      Residential properties and commercial properties                                                           70%
      Land use rights                                                                                            70%
      Vehicles                                                                                                   60%
      General equipment                                                                                          50%

      For loans guaranteed by a third-party, the Group will assess the guarantor’s financial condition, credit
      history and ability to meet obligations.
286       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
      1            Credit Risk (continued)
      (2)          Risk limits and mitigation measures (continued)
                   Derivative financial instruments
                   The Group imposes strict restrictions on the trading of derivative financial instruments. The Group
                   controls the credit risks associated with derivative financial instruments by collecting margins or grant
                   credits from/to counterparties.

                   Deposits of credit commitments and financial guarantee
                   The main purpose of credit commitments and financial guarantee is to ensure that customers can receive
                   the funds needed. The letter of guarantee and the letter of credit represent the Group’s irrevocable
                   undertaking, that is, the Group will perform the payment obligations on behalf of its customers who fail
                   to meet their payment obligations to third parties, and the Group bears the same credit risk as the case
                   of loans. In the event that the amount of credit commitments and financial guarantee requested by the
                   customer exceeds its original credit limit, the Group will collect deposit to reduce the credit risk involved
                   in providing the service.

      (3)          Measurement of ECLs
                   The ECL model is used for the measurement of the allowance for ECLs for financial assets measured at
                   AC, financial assets measured at FVOCI and credit commitments and financial guarantee.

                   The ECL model is developed in accordance with the accounting standards. Based on credit risk
                   characteristics such as product type, customer type, customer industry, the Group has conducted
                   a risk subgroup on financial assets and established different models for non-retail business, retail
                   business, credit card business, etc. The Group has established a regression model of risk parameters
                   and macroeconomic indicators such as GDP, etc. The Group applies the ECL model to calculate credit
                   losses under multiple scenarios to regularly predict three macro scenarios, including optimistic, neutral
                   and pessimistic. The Group uses judgements, assumptions and estimates in measuring the ECLs in
                   accordance with the accounting standards, including:

                   •            Grouping of risks

                   •            Classification of stages

                   •            Models and parameters

                   •            Forward-looking information, other adjustments and sensitivity analysis

                   Grouping of risks
                   Credit exposures are grouped based on credit risk characteristics including type of product, type of
                   customer, industry where the client operates and markets. The non-retail business exposure risk group
                   covers manufacturing loans, real estate loans and wholesale and retail loans, etc. The retail business
                   exposure risk group covers business loans, consumer loans, mortgage loans and credit card, etc.
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024         287




                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                 (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
1     Credit Risk (continued)
(3)   Measurement of ECLs (continued)
      Classification of stages
      The Group classifies financial instruments into three stages and makes provisions for ECLs accordingly,
      depending on whether the credit risk of a financial instrument has increased significantly or whether
      the financial instrument is credit-impaired since initial recognition. The three risk stages are defined as
      follows:

      Stage 1: Credit risk has not increased significantly since initial recognition. A 12-month ECL is
      recognized.

      Stage 2: Credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition but there is no objective evidence
      of impairment of the financial instrument. A lifetime ECL is recognized.

      Stage 3: When there is objective evidence of impairment of the financial assets at the balance sheet
      date. A lifetime ECL is recognized.

      The Group’s staging criteria has taken into consideration the internal credit rating, probability of default,
      overdue days, credit risk rating, etc.

      Definition of significant increase in credit risk
      At each balance sheet date, the Group assesses whether the credit risk of the relevant financial
      instruments has increased significantly since initial recognition. The Group fully considers all reasonable
      information with solid evidence, including forward-looking information that reflects significant changes in
      its credit risk. The main considerations are regulatory and operating environment, internal and external
      credit rating, solvency, operating capacity, loan contract terms, and repayment behavior. The Group
      determines the changes in credit risk over the expected lifetime of the financial instruments by comparing
      the credit risk of the financial instruments at the balance sheet date with that at the date of initial
      recognition.

      The Group determines whether the credit risk of financial instruments has changed significantly since
      initial recognition by setting quantitative and qualitative criteria. The judgement criteria mainly include
      more than 30 days overdue, changes in probability of default and other cases that indicate a significant
      change in credit risk.
288       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
      1            Credit Risk (continued)
      (3)          Measurement of ECLs (continued)
                   Definition of credit-impaired financial assets
                   Generally, financial assets are considered to be credit-impaired if:

                   •            The borrower is more than 90 days overdue after the contractual payment date;

                   •            The internal credit rating of the borrower is default level;

                   •            For economic or contractual reasons related to the financial difficulties of the borrower,
                                concessions which normally are not available are being made to the borrower;

                   •            The borrower is experiencing significant financial difficulties;

                   •            The borrower is likely to enter bankruptcy or other financial restructuring; and

                   •            The active market for the financial assets disappears as a result of the financial difficulties of
                                the issuer or debtor.

                   An impairment of financial assets may be caused by the combined effect of multiple events, and may not
                   be the result of a separately identifiable events.

                   The above criteria apply to all financial assets and credit commitments and financial guarantee of the
                   Group. The definition of credit-impaired financial assets is consistently applied to the calculation of ECLs
                   of the Group and when considering about historical statistics and forward-looking information.
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024         289




                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                  (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
1     Credit Risk (continued)
(3)   Measurement of ECLs (continued)
      Models and parameters
      Except for the credit-impaired financial instruments, depending on whether there is a significant increase
      in credit risk and whether the assets are credit-impaired, the Group recognizes allowance for different
      financial instruments with expected credit losses over 12 months or the lifetime of the instrument,
      respectively. Allowance for ECLs is the result of multiplication of probability of default (PD), loss given
      default (LGD) and exposure at default (EAD) and discount factor. Related definitions are as follows:

      •         Probability of default (PD) refers to the possibility that the debtor will not be able to fulfil
                its obligations in the next 12 months or throughout the life of the asset. The Group’s PD is
                calculated based on the results of the Internal Rating-Based Approach. The PD of the entire
                duration is calculated based on the 12-month probability of default;

      •         Loss given default (LGD) is the percentage of risk exposure loss at the time of default. The
                default loss rate varies depending on the type of counterparty, the way of recourse and priority
                and the availability of collateral or other credit support. The LGD varies by financial assets; and

      •         Exposure at default (EAD) refers to the amount that the Group should pay when the default
                occurs in the next 12 months or throughout the life of the asset. The Group’s exposure at
                default is determined by the expected repayment arrangements, and it varies depending on the
                types of products. For installments payment and lump sum repayment, the Group determines
                the exposure at default according to the repayment plan stipulated in the contract.

      The Group determines the ECLs by forecasting the probability of default, loss given default and exposure
      at default of future individual debt. The Group multiplies the three parameters to calculate the ECLs for
      future periods, and then discount the results of each period to the report date in lump sum. The discount
      rate used in the calculation of expected credit loss is the initial effective interest rate or its approximate
      value.
290       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
      1            Credit Risk (continued)
      (3)          Measurement of ECLs (continued)
                   Models and parameters (continued)
                   The measurement of ECLs for credit-impaired corporate loans and advances to customers and
                   investments applied cash flow discount method, if there is objective evidence that an financial asset
                   is credit-impaired, the amount of the ECLs is measured as the difference between the asset’s gross
                   carrying amount and the present value of estimated future cash flows discounted at the asset’s original
                   effective interest rate. In determining ECLs on an individual basis, the following factors are considered:

                   •            The sustainability of the borrower’s business plan;

                   •            The ability to improve performance once a financial difficulty has arisen;

                   •            The estimated recoverable cash flows from disposal of assets and liquidation;

                   •            The availability of other financial support and the realizable value of collaterals; and

                   •            The timing of the expected cash flows.

                   Forward-looking information, other adjustments and sensitivity analysis
                   The Group has established a forward-looking model and developed regression models for different
                   macro-economic indicators such as Gross Domestic Product growth rate year-on-year (GDP). The Group
                   uses forecasting results of macro-indicators to achieve “forward-looking” calculation of ECLs.

                   The Group forecasts multiple macro indicators under three domestic macro scenarios: optimistic,
                   neutral and pessimistic. The Group uses the weight scorecard model to determine the weight of
                   the macroeconomic multi scenario indicator forecast value through quantitative analysis of the
                   macroeconomic multi scenario forecast value. Neutral scenario is defined as the most probable situation,
                   which will become benchmark for other scenarios. Optimistic and pessimistic scenarios are possible
                   scenarios which are better and worse than neutral scenario respectively. It can also be used as one of
                   the sources of sensitivity analysis.
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024         291




                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
1     Credit Risk (continued)
(3)   Measurement of ECLs (continued)
      Forward-looking information, other adjustments and sensitivity analysis (continued)
      At 31 December 2024, the key macro-indicators the Group has applied include the GDP growth rate on
      year-on-year basis, the CPI growth rate on year-on-year basis, M2 money supply growth rate on year-
      on-year basis, etc. Among all, the forecasts of height weights macro-indicators are listed as follows:

      Indicators                                                                                 Predictive range


      GDP growth rate on year-on-year basis                                                From 4.07% to 5.83%
      CPI growth rate on year-on-year basis                                                From 0.41% to 0.92%
      M2 money supply growth rate on year-on-year basis                                    From 7.96% to 9.01%

      Through sensitivity analysis, when the weight of optimistic scenario increases by 10% and the weight of
      neutral scenario decreases by 10%, the allowance for ECLs will decrease by no more than 0.70%. When
      the weight of pessimistic scenario increases by 10% and the weight of neutral scenario decreases by
      10%, the allowance for ECLs will increase by no more than 0.83%.

      When managing ECL model, the Bank fully considered the impact of the potential factors of local
      government debt on credit risk exposure and makes allowance for ECLs prudently, thereby enhancing
      the Group’s risk compensation capability.

(4)   Maximum exposure to credit risk
      The following table provides an analysis of the exposure to credit risk of financial instruments applicable
      to the measurement of ECLs. The carrying amount of the following financial assets is the maximum
      exposure to credit risk of the Group:

                                                                              31 December             31 December
                                                                                     2024                    2023


      Cash and balances with the central bank                                        129,691                 164,723
      Deposits with banks and other financial institutions                            51,919                  70,856
      Placements with banks and other financial institutions                          17,366                   8,574
      Financial assets purchased under resale agreements                              68,407                  74,595
      Loans and advances to customers
        – measured at AC                                                           1,487,701              1,325,604
        – measured at FVOCI                                                          324,983                347,668
      Financial investments
        – measured at AC                                                             469,159                 463,311
        – measured at FVOCI                                                          355,999                 302,841
      Other financial assets                                                          67,941                  62,391


      Total                                                                        2,973,166              2,820,563


      Credit Commitments and Financial Guarantee                                     835,689                 823,083
292       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
      1            Credit Risk (continued)
      (5)          Risk concentration
                   The credit risk usually increases if the counterparties are concentrated in a certain industry, region or
                   based on certain economic characteristics. Meanwhile, the economic development is differentiated by
                   the unique characteristics of industries and regions, so the credit risk varies from industry to industry and
                   region to region.

                   Geographical segments
                   The gross amount of loans and advances to customers granted by the Group are listed as follows by
                   region (fair value changes and interest accrued excluded):

                                                                    31 December 2024                 31 December 2023
                                                                      Gross                            Gross
                                                                    amount    Proportion              amount    Proportion


                   Yangtze River Delta Region                       991,127          53.65%          903,104          52.90%
                   Midwestern China Region                          367,401          19.89%          333,316          19.53%
                   Bohai Rim Region                                 257,185          13.92%          269,494          15.79%
                   Pearl River Delta Region and Economic
                     Zone on the Western Coast of the
                     Taiwan Straits                                 231,684          12.54%          201,143          11.78%


                   Total                                          1,847,397         100.00%        1,707,057         100.00%
                                                                                             Annual Report 2024         293




                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                           (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
1     Credit Risk (continued)
(5)   Risk concentration (continued)
      Industry segments
      The gross amount of loans and advances to customers granted by the Group are listed as follows by
      industry (fair value changes and interest accrued excluded):

                                                  31 December 2024                 31 December 2023
                                                    Gross                            Gross
                                                  amount    Proportion              amount    Proportion


      Corporate loans and advances
      Manufacturing                               273,221        14.79%            239,911               14.05%
      Leasing and commercial services             267,267        14.47%            240,018               14.06%
      Wholesale and retail trade                  191,741        10.38%            201,420               11.80%
      Real estate                                 186,133        10.07%            177,749               10.41%
      Construction                                 74,814         4.05%             68,798                4.03%
      Administration of water conservancy,
         environment and public facilities         68,991         3.73%              63,377               3.71%
      Financing                                    42,009         2.27%              19,593               1.15%
      Information transmission, computer
         services and software industry            28,245         1.53%              14,440               0.85%
      Scientific research, technology services
         and geological exploration                23,689         1.28%              19,716               1.15%
      Accommodation and catering                   18,460         1.00%              15,328               0.90%
      Transportation, storage and postal
         service                                   17,314         0.94%              15,144               0.89%
      Mining                                       16,611         0.90%              14,757               0.86%
      Production and supply of electricity,
         heat, gas and water                       14,403         0.78%              12,835               0.75%
      Agriculture, forestry, animal husbandry
         and fishery                               13,054         0.71%              12,125               0.71%
      Culture, sports and entertainment             6,194         0.33%               6,063               0.36%
      Education                                     3,503         0.19%               2,551               0.15%
      Household services and other services         2,149         0.12%               2,545               0.15%
      Health, social security and social
         welfare                                    1,768         0.10%                1,797              0.11%
      Public administration and social
         organization                                    –             –                    3             0.00%


      Corporate loans and advances               1,249,566       67.64%          1,128,170               66.09%
      Personal loans and advances                  478,631       25.91%            476,692               27.92%
      Discounted bills                             119,200        6.45%            102,195                5.99%


      Total                                      1,847,397     100.00%           1,707,057             100.00%
294       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
      1            Credit Risk (continued)
      (6)          Credit risk analysis of loans and advances to customers
                   At the balance sheet date, the stage, overdue information and allowance for ECLs of loans and advances
                   to customers (fair value changes and interest accrued excluded) of the Group are listed as follows:

                                                                                                    31 December         31 December
                                                                                      Notes                2024                2023


                   Credit-impaired                                                                          27,565              26,270
                   Less: Allowance for ECLs                                             (a)                (17,384)            (16,788)


                   Subtotal                                                                                10,181                9,482


                   Overdue but not credit-impaired                                                           9,979               6,313
                   Less: Allowance for ECLs                                             (b)                 (2,861)             (2,013)


                   Subtotal                                                                                  7,118               4,300


                   Neither overdue nor credit-impaired                                                  1,809,853           1,674,474
                   Less: Allowance for ECLs                                             (c)               (24,187)            (24,167)


                   Subtotal                                                                             1,785,666           1,650,307


                   Total                                                                                1,802,965           1,664,089

                   (a)     At 31 December 2024, the allowance for ECLs of the loans and advances to customers measured at FVOCI
                           which were credit-impaired were RMB313 million (31 December 2023: RMB490 million). The allowance for ECLs
                           are recognized in other comprehensive income, without offsetting the carrying amount of these financial assets
                           in the balance sheet.

                   (b)     At 31 December 2024, the allowance for ECLs of the loans and advances to customers measured at FVOCI
                           which were overdue but not credit-impaired were RMB86 million (31 December 2023: RMB65 million). The
                           allowance for ECLs are recognized in other comprehensive income, without offsetting the carrying amount of
                           these financial assets in the balance sheet.

                   (c)     At 31 December 2024, the allowance for ECLs of the loans and advances to customers measured at FVOCI
                           which were neither overdue nor credit-impaired were RMB720 million (31 December 2023: RMB1,387 million).
                           The allowance for ECLs are recognized in other comprehensive income, without offsetting the carrying amount
                           of these financial assets in the balance sheet.
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024        295




                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                              (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
1     Credit Risk (continued)
(7)   Credit risk analysis of the amounts due from banks and other financial institutions
      Amounts due from banks and other financial institutions include deposits with banks and other financial
      institutions, placements with banks and other financial institutions and financial assets purchased under
      resale agreements. At the balance sheet date, the book balance (interest accrued excluded) of the
      Group’s due from banks and other financial institutions classified by stage, overdue information and
      counterparties are analyzed as follows:

                                                                             31 December            31 December
                                                                                    2024                   2023


      Neither overdue nor credit-impaired
        – AAA1 to AAA6                                                               55,427                  27,706
        – AA1 to AA6                                                                 33,593                  42,374
        – A1 to A3                                                                   45,331                  67,071
        – No rating                                                                   3,229                  16,579


      Less: Allowance for ECLs                                                            (28)                    (39)


      Total                                                                        137,552                 153,691
296       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
      1            Credit Risk (continued)
      (8)          Credit risk analysis of debt instrument investments
                   The Group continuously monitors the credit risk profile of the debt instrument portfolios held. At the
                   balance sheet date, the carrying amount (fair value changes and interest accrued excluded) of the debt
                   instruments which are subjected to the measurement of ECLs is listed as follows:

                                                                                                  31 December         31 December
                                                                                    Notes                2024                2023


                   Credit-impaired                                                                       52,638              53,607
                   Less: Allowance for ECLs                                           (a)               (23,688)            (23,264)


                   Subtotal                                                                              28,950             30,343


                   Overdue but not credit-impaired                                                              –               300
                   Less: Allowance for ECLs                                                                     –              (126)


                   Subtotal                                                                                     –               174


                   Neither overdue nor credit-impaired
                     – Government and Central Bank                                                      326,387            297,906
                     – Policy banks                                                                     177,672            184,304
                     – Commercial banks                                                                  89,384             62,208
                     – Other financial institutions                                                      36,865             20,077
                     – Others                                                                           154,124            165,660
                   Less: Allowance for ECLs                                           (b)                (1,709)            (4,328)


                   Subtotal                                                                             782,723            725,827


                   Total                                                                                811,673            756,344

                   (a)     At 31 December 2024, the total allowance for ECLs of the debt investments measured at FVOCI which were
                           credit-impaired, were RMB325 million (31 December 2023: 187 million). The ECL allowance are recognized in
                           other comprehensive income, without offsetting the carrying amount of these financial assets in the balance
                           sheet.

                   (b)     At 31 December 2024, the total allowance for ECLs of the debt investments measured at FVOCI which were
                           neither overdue nor credit-impaired, were RMB353 million (31 December 2023: RMB330 million). The ECL
                           allowance are recognized in other comprehensive income, without offsetting the carrying amount of these
                           financial assets in the balance sheet.
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024         297




                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                    (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
1      Credit Risk (continued)
(9)    Restructured loans
       Pursuant to the Measures for the Risk Classification of Financial Assets of Commercial Banks ,
       restructured loans refer to financial assets where, due to the debtor’s financial difficulties, a commercial
       bank modifies the contract terms in favor of the debtor or provides refinancing for the debtor’s existing
       debts, with the objective of facilitating debt repayment. This encompasses scenarios such as replacing
       existing loans with new ones and raising additional debt financing. Additionally, if the existing contract
       grants the debtor the discretionary right to modify terms or refinance, and the debtor exercises this
       right due to financial distress, the associated assets are also classified as restructured assets. At 31
       December 2024, the Group’s exposure (before deducting ECL allowance) to restructured loans under the
       ambit of the Measures for the Risk Classification of Financial Assets of Commercial Banks amounted to
       RMB12,875 million (31 December 2023: RMB6,973 million).

(10)   Collaterals and other credit enhancement
       The Group closely monitors the collaterals corresponding to credit-impaired financial assets, as compared
       with other collaterals, the Group is more likely to confiscate these collaterals to reduce potential credit
       losses. At the balance sheet date, the Group’s credit-impaired loans and advances to customers
       and financial investments (fair value changes and interest accrued excluded) and the corresponding
       exposures covered by collateral are listed as follows:

                                                                        31 December 2024
                                                                                                             Exposures
                                                         Gross       Allowance                              covered by
                                                        amount        for ECLs             Subtotal           collateral


       Credit-impaired financial assets
       Loans and advances to customers
         – measured at AC                                26,887          (17,384)               9,503              18,195
         – measured at FVOCI                                678             (313)                 365                 444
       Financial investments
         – measured at AC                                52,202          (23,688)             28,514               43,192
         – measured at FVOCI                                436             (325)                111                    –


       Total                                             80,203          (41,710)             38,493               61,831
298       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
      1            Credit Risk (continued)
      (10)         Collaterals and other credit enhancement (continued)
                                                                                  31 December 2023
                                                                                                                Exposures
                                                                    Gross       Allowance                      covered by
                                                                   amount        for ECLs         Subtotal       collateral


                   Credit-impaired financial assets
                   Loans and advances to customers
                     – measured at AC                               25,353         (16,788)          8,565         17,239
                     – measured at FVOCI                               917            (490)            427            439
                   Financial investments
                     – measured at AC                               53,216         (23,264)        29,952          47,947
                     – measured at FVOCI                               391            (187)           204               –


                   Total                                            79,877         (40,729)        39,148          65,625


      2            Market Risk
                   Market risk refers to the risk of losses of on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet business arising
                   from unfavorable changes in market prices including interest rates, exchange rates, stock prices
                   and commodity prices. The Group’s exposures to market risk arise from the trading and non-trading
                   businesses.

                   The Group’s market risk management system consists of the board of directors, the board of supervisors,
                   senior management, risk management and internal control committee, risk management department,
                   capital operation center, technology management department, audit department, other departments, as
                   well as branches, subbranches and the subsidiary. Senior management is responsible for implementing
                   and organizing the market risk management, overseeing the implementation of market risk appetite,
                   as well as formulating and carrying out relevant systems and policies for market risk management and
                   establishing market risk management information system, so as to ensure the Group can effectively
                   identify, measure, monitor and control a series of market risks assumed by various businesses.

                   The market risk measurement methods adopted by the Group include duration analysis, foreign exchange
                   exposure analysis, scenario analysis, sensitivity analysis, Value at Risk (VaR) measurement etc., and the
                   measures taken by the Group to control market risks include, among others, limit management, hedging,
                   reducing risk exposures etc. The Group has established a market risk management system pursuant
                   to the relevant measures and guidelines of the original CBIRC. The Group has formulated market risk
                   management policies and procedures applicable to the nature, scale, complexity and risk features of
                   its business and aligned such policies and procedures with its overall business development strategy,
                   management capabilities, capital strength and overall risk level that can be assumed by the Group.

                   The Group updates its market risk appetite and limit management system on a regular basis, further
                   improves the market risk management systems and market risk measurement systems. The Group
                   conducts market risk measurement, monitoring and routine management by using the independent
                   market risk management system. The Group performs daily valuation of trading book positions,
                   continuously monitors non-stop-loss limits and stop-loss limits, and regularly evaluates market risks
                   through stress testing and other methods.
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024         299




                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                  (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
2     Market Risk (continued)
(1)   Interest rate risk
      Interest rate risk in the banking book refers to the risk of losses in the economic value and overall gains
      of the banking book arising from adverse changes in interest rate levels and term structure, mainly
      including gap risk, benchmark risk and optional risk.

      The objective of the Group’s interest rate risk management is to control the interest rate risk of banking
      book within an acceptable and reasonable range and reduce the fluctuation of net interest income of
      banking book as well as economic value thereby maximizing the comprehensive income bank-wide.

      The Group’s interest rate risk management system of banking book consists of the board of directors,
      the board of supervisors, senior management, risk management and internal control committee, asset
      and liability management committee, risk management department, asset and liability management
      department, capital operation center, audit department and other operation and management
      departments at the head office, as well as branches, sub-branches and subsidiaries. Senior management
      is responsible for implementing the interest rate risk management of banking book, establishing the
      framework for interest rate risk management and the system for measurement of interest rate risk of
      banking book, and promoting the effective implementation of relevant systems and policies for interest
      rate risk management of banking book.

      The Group measures and evaluates the interest rate risk of banking book mainly through price reseting
      gap analysis, sensitivity analysis, scenario simulation analysis, stress test etc. During the reporting period,
      the Group paid close attention to macroeconomic environment, monetary policy adjustments, aligned
      with the Group’s strategic direction and business development needs, dynamically adjusting repricing
      gaps, optimizing asset-liability structures, and proactively employing hedging instruments to manage
      interest rate risks. At the balance sheet date, the interest rate risk of banking book of the Group is within
      the target limit and the risk is under control as a whole.

      Due to fluctuations in market interest rates, the Group’s interest margin may increase, or may decrease
      or even incur losses due to unexpected changes. The Group operates its business in accordance with
      the deposit and loan interest rate policies of the PBOC.
300       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
      2            Market Risk (continued)
      (1)          Interest rate risk (continued)
                   The following tables indicate the financial assets and financial liabilities of the Group at the balance sheet
                   date by the expected next repricing date or by contract expiration date, whichever is earlier.

                                                                                                   31 December 2024
                                                                                               After       After       After
                                                                      Non-                 1 month 3 months          1 year
                                                                   interest     Within    but within but within but within         After
                                                                   bearing    1 month     3 months        1 year    5 years     5 years        Total

                   Financial assets
                     Cash and balances with the central
                       bank                                          1,051    128,640             –           –            –          –     129,691
                     Deposits with banks and other financial
                       institutions                                     91     45,010         6,374         444            –          –      51,919
                     Placements with banks and other
                       financial institutions                           27     14,747          930        1,562         100           –      17,366
                     Derivative financial assets                    41,692          –            –            –           –           –      41,692
                     Financial assets purchased under
                       resale agreements                                22     65,039        1,948        1,398           –           –       68,407
                     Loans and advances to customers                 8,495    430,000      195,706      703,634     368,002     106,847    1,812,684
                     Financial investments
                       – measured at FVTPL                         180,591         416        4,085      13,439      12,069      18,273     228,873
                       – measured at AC                              6,713       9,535       17,858      84,849     185,349     164,855     469,159
                       – measured at FVOCI                           4,332       1,812       16,042      91,886     152,833      90,514     357,419
                     Other financial assets                          7,293       4,762        5,971      26,956      21,146       1,813      67,941

                   Total financial assets                          250,307    699,961      248,914      924,168     739,499     382,302    3,245,151

                   Financial liabilities
                     Due to the central bank                          (271)     (6,430)     (29,533)    (41,587)           –          –      (77,821)
                     Deposits from banks and other financial
                       institutions                                 (2,003)   (100,908)     (84,966)   (179,063)           –          –     (366,940)
                     Placements from banks and other
                       financial institutions                         (645)    (23,312)     (16,629)    (52,235)      (3,020)         –      (95,841)
                     Financial liabilities at fair value through
                       profit or loss                               (5,932)    (15,264)           –           –            –          –      (21,196)
                     Derivative financial liabilities              (36,085)          –            –           –            –          –      (36,085)
                     Financial assets sold under repurchase
                       agreements                                      (34)    (33,185)      (1,667)       (401)           –          –    (35,287)
                     Customer deposits                             (34,425)   (695,963)    (182,680)   (506,589)    (502,632)         – (1,922,289)
                     Debt securities issued                         (2,525)    (12,458)     (88,956)   (283,094)    (124,500)   (30,000) (541,533)
                     Lease liabilities                                   –        (101)        (135)       (604)      (1,780)      (511)    (3,131)
                     Other financial liabilities                   (10,169)        (49)        (782)     (1,038)           –          –    (12,038)

                   Total financial liabilities                     (92,089)   (887,670)    (405,348) (1,064,611)    (631,932)   (30,511) (3,112,161)

                   Interest rate exposure                          158,218    (187,709)    (156,434)   (140,443)    107,567     351,791     132,990
                                                                                                                                Annual Report 2024         301




                                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                                              (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
2     Market Risk (continued)
(1)   Interest rate risk (continued)
                                                                                             31 December 2023
                                                                                        After         After      After
                                                           Non-                     1 month       3 months     1 year
                                                        interest       Within      but within but within but within                 After
                                                        bearing      1 month       3 months          1 year   5 years            5 years         Total


      Financial assets
        Cash and balances with the central
          bank                                              930      163,793                –            –                –            –      164,723
        Deposits with banks and other financial
          institutions                                      155        58,208         8,198         4,139              156             –       70,856
        Placements with banks and other
          financial institutions                           108          2,224         2,249         3,993                 –            –        8,574
        Derivative financial assets                     21,953              –             –             –                 –            –       21,953
        Financial assets purchased under
          resale agreements                                  71       74,524              –            –                 –            –        74,595
        Loans and advances to customers                   7,766      333,983        171,165      641,451           402,345      116,562     1,673,272
        Financial investments
          – measured at FVTPL                          155,123          3,316         9,514        25,448           29,248       10,492       233,141
          – measured at AC                               7,330         30,088        22,620        62,132          215,214      125,927       463,311
          – measured at FVOCI                            4,169            955         6,865        71,859          162,799       57,538       304,185
        Other financial assets                           6,903          5,479         5,260        24,302           19,513          934        62,391


      Total financial assets                           204,508       672,570        225,871      833,324           829,275      311,453     3,077,001


      Financial liabilities
        Due to the central bank                            (466)      (56,096)      (16,212)      (47,141)                –            –     (119,915)
        Deposits from banks and other financial
          institutions                                   (2,813)      (71,341)      (83,187)     (198,315)          (2,998)            –     (358,654)
        Placements from banks and other
          financial institutions                           (618)      (12,424)      (15,274)      (56,711)          (2,654)            –      (87,681)
        Financial liabilities at fair value through
          profit or loss                                   (774)      (12,658)              –            –                –            –      (13,432)
        Derivative financial liabilities                (21,034)            –               –            –                –            –      (21,034)
        Financial assets sold under repurchase
          agreements                                          (64)     (57,281)        (2,604)      (2,157)               –            –     (62,106)
        Customer deposits                               (31,925)     (866,951)     (112,739)     (398,454)        (458,590)            – (1,868,659)
        Debt securities issued                            (1,676)      (13,562)      (87,244)    (162,056)        (101,400)      (30,000)  (395,938)
        Lease liabilities                                       –           (86)         (142)        (521)          (2,021)        (487)      (3,257)
        Other financial liabilities                       (9,427)         (724)          (379)        (637)               –            –     (11,167)


      Total financial liabilities                       (68,797) (1,091,123)       (317,781)     (865,992)        (567,663)      (30,487) (2,941,843)


      Interest rate exposure                           135,711       (418,553)      (91,910)      (32,668)         261,612      280,966       135,158
302       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
      2            Market Risk (continued)
      (1)          Interest rate risk (continued)
                   The Group measures the potential effect of change in interest rates on the Group’s net interest income
                   and other comprehensive income by the sensitivity analysis method. The following table sets forth the
                   effect on the Group’s net interest income and other comprehensive income from possible and reasonable
                   interest rate fluctuations with all other variables held constant. The effect on net interest income refers
                   to the effect of certain interest rate changes on the net interest income generated by financial assets
                   and liabilities that are held at the end of the year and whose interest rate are expected to be repriced
                   within one year. The effect on other comprehensive income refers to the effect of certain interest rate
                   changes on the fair value change generated by debt investments measured at FVOCI that are held at the
                   end of the year. The following table sets forth the effect on the Group’s net interest income and other
                   comprehensive income from interest rate fluctuations with other variables held constant (income tax
                   expense included):

                                                                         2024                                   2023
                                                                                        Other                                    Other
                                                              Net interest    comprehensive          Net interest      comprehensive
                                                                   income             income              income               income
                                                              (Decrease)/        (Decrease)/         (Decrease)/          (Decrease)/
                                                                 Increase           Increase            Increase             Increase


                   Changes in interest rate
                     Increase by 25 basis points                      (680)            (2,651)              (860)              (1,754)
                     Decrease by 25 basis points                       680              2,679                860                1,768

                   For the purpose of the sensitivity analysis, the Group adopts the following assumptions in determining
                   commercial conditions and financial parameters:

                   (i)          the analysis is based on the static gap at the balance sheet date, regardless of subsequent
                                changes;

                   (ii)         all assets and liabilities that are repriced or due within one year are assumed to be repriced or
                                due at the beginning of the respective periods;

                   (iii)        same fluctuations in interest rates of different interest-bearing assets and interest-bearing
                                liabilities are the same;

                   (iv)         yield curves move in parallel with change in interest rates;

                   (v)          there are no other changes in the assets or liabilities portfolio;

                   (vi)         no consideration of impact on customer behavior, market price and off-balance sheet business
                                resulting from interest rate changes; and

                   (vii)        no consideration of actions taken by the Group in response to interest rate changes.

                   Therefore, the actual results on net interest income and other comprehensive income due to the increase
                   or decrease in interest rates may differ from the analysis based on such assumptions.
                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024         303




                                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                                  (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
2     Market Risk (continued)
(2)   Foreign exchange risk
      The Group’s business mainly operates in China and settles in RMB. The tables below show the Group’s
      exposure to currency risk at the balance sheet date with the book values of various financial assets and
      liabilities converted into RMB.

                                                                                    31 December 2024
                                                                              USD              HKD            Others
                                                               RMB (RMB equivalent) (RMB equivalent) (RMB equivalent)                Total

      Financial assets
        Cash and balances with the central bank             120,573            9,047              38                 33           129,691
        Deposits with banks and other financial
          institutions                                       43,943            5,671             339              1,966            51,919
        Placement with banks and other financial
          institutions                                       14,118            3,248               –                  –            17,366
        Derivative financial assets                          35,609            5,836             243                  4            41,692
        Financial assets purchased under resale
          agreements                                         68,407                –               –                  –             68,407
        Loans and advances to customers                   1,756,212           27,520          13,541             15,411          1,812,684
        Financial investments
          – measured at FVTPL                               226,246            2,627               –                  –           228,873
          – measured at AC                                  441,599           26,324               –              1,236           469,159
          – measured at FVOCI                               300,321           52,029             455              4,614           357,419
        Other financial assets                               65,103            2,791              31                 16            67,941

        Total financial assets                            3,072,131          135,093          14,647             23,280          3,245,151

      Financial liabilities
        Due to the central bank                              (77,821)              –                –                 –            (77,821)
        Deposits from banks and other financial
          institutions                                     (334,619)         (26,885)          (3,141)           (2,295)          (366,940)
        Placements from banks and other financial
          institutions                                       (77,260)        (18,538)               –               (43)           (95,841)
        Financial liabilities at fair value through
          profit or loss                                     (21,196)              –                –                 –            (21,196)
        Derivative financial liabilities                     (31,677)         (4,283)               –              (125)           (36,085)
        Financial assets sold under repurchase
          agreements                                         (29,736)         (5,551)               –                 –            (35,287)
        Customer deposits                                 (1,808,040)        (88,787)          (1,698)          (23,764)        (1,922,289)
        Debt securities issued                              (541,533)              –                –                 –           (541,533)
        Lease liabilities                                     (3,102)              –              (29)                –             (3,131)
        Other financial liabilities                          (11,972)            (56)              (6)               (4)           (12,038)

        Total financial liabilities                       (2,936,956)       (144,100)          (4,874)          (26,231)        (3,112,161)

      Net amount                                            135,175           (9,007)          9,773             (2,951)          132,990

      Credit commitments and financial guarantee            796,207           24,949           2,783             11,750           835,689
304       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
      2            Market Risk (continued)
      (2)          Foreign exchange risk (continued)
                                                                                                        31 December 2023
                                                                                              USD                   HKD            Others
                                                                         RMB       (RMB equivalent)      (RMB equivalent) (RMB equivalent)           Total


                   Financial assets
                     Cash and balances with the central bank         157,668                 7,024                     17               14       164,723
                     Deposits with banks and other financial
                       institutions                                    61,878                5,869                   299             2,810         70,856
                     Placement with banks and other financial
                       institutions                                     7,650                  924                     –                  –         8,574
                     Derivative financial assets                       18,481                3,256                   213                  3        21,953
                     Financial assets purchased under resale
                       agreements                                     74,595                     –                    –                  –        74,595
                     Loans and advances to customers               1,631,045                25,055               10,493              6,679     1,673,272
                     Financial investments
                       – measured at FVTPL                           226,272                 6,869                    –                  –       233,141
                       – measured at AC                              444,598                17,435                    –              1,278       463,311
                       – measured at FVOCI                           260,524                37,896                1,756              4,009       304,185
                     Other financial assets                           60,458                 1,927                    –                  6        62,391


                     Total financial assets                        2,943,169               106,255               12,778            14,799      3,077,001


                   Financial liabilities
                     Due to the central bank                         (119,915)                     –                    –                 –      (119,915)
                     Deposits from banks and other financial
                       institutions                                  (346,677)              (9,991)               (1,220)             (766)      (358,654)
                     Placements from banks and other financial
                       institutions                                   (77,817)              (9,251)                   (95)            (518)       (87,681)
                     Financial liabilities at fair value through
                       profit or loss                                 (13,432)                   –                      –                –        (13,432)
                     Derivative financial liabilities                 (18,053)              (2,661)                     –             (320)       (21,034)
                     Financial assets sold under repurchase
                       agreements                                      (55,269)              (6,837)                     –                –        (62,106)
                     Customer deposits                             (1,780,349)             (73,268)               (1,734)          (13,308)    (1,868,659)
                     Debt securities issued                          (391,666)               (4,272)                     –                –      (395,938)
                     Lease liabilities                                   (3,227)                   –                  (30)                –          (3,257)
                     Other financial liabilities                       (11,071)                  (77)                   (3)             (16)       (11,167)


                     Total financial liabilities                   (2,817,476)            (106,357)               (3,082)          (14,928)    (2,941,843)


                   Net amount                                        125,693                  (102)               9,696               (129)      135,158


                   Credit commitments and financial guarantee        784,670                30,009                3,116              6,806       824,601
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024         305




                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
2     Market Risk (continued)
(2)   Foreign exchange risk (continued)
      The Group measures the potential effect of changes in foreign exchange rates on the Group’s net profit
      and equity by the sensitivity analysis method. The following table sets forth the effect on the Group’s
      net profit and equity from possible foreign exchange rate fluctuations with other variables held constant
      (income tax expense included):

                                                                         Sensitivity of net profit and equity
                                                                           31 December                31 December
                                                                                    2024                      2023
                                                                             (Decrease)/                (Decrease)/
                                                                                Increase                   Increase


      Changes in USD exchange rate
      Appreciation against RMB by 100 bps                                              (68)                          (1)
      Depreciation against RMB by 100 bps                                               68                            1

      Changes in HKD exchange rate
      Appreciation against RMB by 100 bps                                              (31)                          42
      Depreciation against RMB by 100 bps                                               31                          (42)

      The sensitivity analysis is based on the following assumptions:

      (i)       the analysis is based on the static gap at the balance sheet date, regardless of subsequent
                changes;

      (ii)      the foreign exchange rate sensitivity is the gains or losses recognized as a result of a 100-basis
                point fluctuation in the absolute value of foreign exchange rates against the closing price
                (middle price) of RMB at the balance sheet date;

      (iii)     the fluctuation of exchange rates by 100 basis points at the balance sheet date is based on
                the assumption of exchange rates movement over the next 12 months;

      (iv)      when calculating the foreign exchange exposure, spot and forward from foreign exchange
                exposure and swaps are included;

      (v)       other variables (including interest rates) remain unchanged;

      (vi)      no consideration of impact on customers’ behavior and market price resulting from exchange
                rate changes; and

      (vii)     the assets and liabilities have a static exchange rate risk structure and no consideration is
                given to the measures that the Group may take to eliminate the adverse impact of foreign
                exchange exposure on net profit and equity.

      Therefore, the actual results of net profit and equity due to changes in foreign currency exchange rates
      may differ from the analysis based on such assumptions.
306       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
      3            Liquidity Risk
                   Liquidity risk refers to the risk of failure to obtain adequate funds in time at reasonable costs to repay
                   debts when they are due, perform other payment obligations and meet other capital needs in the ordinary
                   course of business. Factors affecting liquidity risks are divided into external factors and internal factors.
                   External factors include domestic and foreign financial situation, macroeconomic regulation policies,
                   depth and width of developments of financial markets and the competition status of the banking industry.
                   Internal factors include maturities of assets and liabilities, business structures, stability of deposits, and
                   market financing capacity and various unexpected events, etc.

                   The objective of the Group’s liquidity management is to ensure that the Group’s liquidity needs can be
                   met in a timely manner and at a reasonable cost thereby controlling the liquidity risk within an acceptable
                   and reasonable range.

                   The Group’s liquidity risk management system consists of the board of directors, the board of
                   supervisors, senior management, risk management and internal control committee, asset and liability
                   management committee, risk management department, asset and liability management department,
                   capital operation center, audit department, other operation and management departments of the head
                   office, as well as branches, subbranches and subsidiaries. Senior management is responsible for
                   implementing and organizing the liquidity risk management as well as the formulation and implementation
                   of relevant systems and policies for liquidity risk management.

                   The Group manages the liquidity risk in a centralized manner. By establishing a scientific and completed
                   liquidity risk management system, the Group can effectively identify, measure, monitor, control and report
                   its liquidity risk. The Group strengthens its liquidity risk management ability by continuously improving
                   the perspectiveness and initiative of liquidity risk management. Specific measures for liquidity risk
                   management include: paying close attention to both domestic and foreign macroeconomic situations and
                   market liquidity changes, as well as adjusting the asset and liability management strategies in a timely
                   manner; strengthening debt management, making flexible use of active debt instruments, broadening
                   long-term sources of fund, and continuously increasing the proportion of stable liabilities; promoting
                   the construction of diversified of financing channels and actively expanding financing channels while
                   maintaining good relationships with major financing counterparties; strengthening the management of
                   high-quality liquid assets, ensuring the fitness of the retention scale of high-quality liquid assets and
                   the potential financing needs to enhance the liquidity risk mitigation capability; strengthening the early-
                   warning monitoring and management of liquidity, optimizing the emergency response program for
                   liquidity risk and conducting emergency drills on a regular basis; conducting stress tests for liquidity risk
                   on a quarterly basis, identifying weak points in respect of the Group’s liquidity risk management based
                   on results of such tests, adjusting liquidity risk management strategies if necessary, and modifying the
                   liquidity risk management measures in a timely manner to improve liquidity risk management mechanism.
                                                                                                                             Annual Report 2024       307




                                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                                         (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
3     Liquidity Risk (continued)
(1)   Analysis of contractual undiscounted cash flows of non derivative financial assets and financial
      liabilities
      The tables below present the contractual undiscounted cash flows of non-derivative financial assets and
      financial liabilities by remaining contractual maturities from the balance sheet date to the contractual
      maturity date. The amounts disclosed in the table are contractual undiscounted cash flows:

                                                                                        31 December 2024
                                                                                           After      After      After
                                                                       On              1 month 3 months         1 year
                                                                 demand/       Within but within but within but within           After
                                                      Overdue   indefinite   1 month 3 months        1 year   5 years         5 years        Total

      Financial assets
        Cash and balances with the central bank             –    129,691            –           –           –           –           –     129,691
        Deposits with banks and other financial
          institutions                                      –     36,559        8,496       6,424         463           –           –      51,942
        Placements with banks and other
          financial institutions                            –           –     14,758         950        1,593        107            –      17,408
        Financial assets purchased under resale
          agreements                                        –           –     65,069       1,955        1,405          –            –       68,429
        Loans and advances to customers                15,380           –    117,138     208,974      718,290    508,877      379,201    1,947,860
        Financial investments
          – measured at FVTPL                               9    180,592          517      4,298       14,002     15,418       18,543     233,379
          – measured at AC                             23,098          –        9,662     20,803       95,693    215,294      151,156     515,706
          – measured at FVOCI                              12      1,420        2,739     17,566       99,684    170,577       91,051     383,049
        Other financial assets                          1,261      6,845        2,583      4,615       18,571     36,383        3,819      74,077

      Total financial assets                           39,760    355,107     220,962     265,585      949,701    946,656      643,770    3,421,541

      Financial liabilities
        Due to the central bank                             –           –      (6,484)    (29,745)    (42,154)          –           –      (78,383)
        Deposits from banks and other financial
          institutions                                      –     (78,054)    (23,226)    (86,134)   (182,399)          –           –     (369,813)
        Placements from banks and other
          financial institutions                            –           –     (23,568)    (16,957)    (53,399)     (3,210)          –      (97,134)
        Financial liabilities at fair value through
          profit or loss                                    –      (5,932)    (15,264)          –           –           –           –      (21,196)
        Financial assets sold under repurchase
          agreements                                        –          –      (33,221)     (1,681)       (416)          –           –    (35,318)
        Customer deposits                                   –   (573,638)    (136,921)   (194,398)   (531,387)   (524,280)          – (1,960,624)
        Debt securities issued                              –          –      (12,565)    (90,385)   (289,765)   (134,178)    (34,176) (561,069)
        Lease liabilities                                   –          –         (101)       (136)       (623)     (1,982)       (637)    (3,479)
        Other financial liabilities                         –    (10,140)         (49)       (783)     (1,066)          –           –    (12,038)

      Total financial liabilities                           –   (667,764)    (251,399)   (420,219) (1,101,209)   (663,650)    (34,813) (3,139,054)

      Net amount                                       39,760   (312,657)     (30,437)   (154,634)   (151,508)   283,006      608,957     282,487
308       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
      3            Liquidity Risk (continued)
      (1)          Analysis of contractual undiscounted cash flows of non derivative financial assets and financial
                   liabilities (continued)
                                                                                                         31 December 2023
                                                                                                            After      After           After
                                                                                    On                  1 month 3 months             1 year
                                                                             demand/        Within     but within but within      but within      After
                                                                   Overdue   indefinite   1 month      3 months       1 year        5 years    5 years        Total


                   Financial assets
                     Cash and balances with the central bank             –   164,723              –             –            –            –          –     164,723
                     Deposits with banks and other financial
                       institutions                                      –     43,713      14,528         8,328         4,228           171          –      70,968
                     Placements with banks and other
                       financial institutions                            –           –       2,252        2,303         4,128             –          –        8,683
                     Financial assets purchased under resale
                       agreements                                        –           –     74,646             –            –             –           –       74,646
                     Loans and advances to customers                11,704           –    120,849       185,919      672,419       491,930     335,757    1,818,578
                     Financial investments
                       – measured at FVTPL                              72   155,123         3,841        9,027        26,486       32,262      10,931     237,742
                       – measured at AC                             23,957         –         8,586       24,017        67,415      231,897     136,394     492,266
                       – measured at FVOCI                               –     1,344         1,954        7,975        78,800      178,393      62,035     330,501
                     Other financial assets                          1,087     6,469         2,704        4,130        18,961       31,492       2,570      67,413


                   Total financial assets                           36,820   371,372      229,360       241,699      872,437       966,145     547,687    3,265,520


                   Financial liabilities
                     Due to the central bank                             –           –     (56,189)     (16,486)      (48,167)            –          –     (120,842)
                     Deposits from banks and other financial
                       institutions                                      –    (49,499)     (21,690)     (85,237)     (202,738)       (3,026)         –     (362,190)
                     Placements from banks and other
                       financial institutions                            –           –     (12,594)     (15,587)      (57,829)       (2,871)         –      (88,881)
                     Financial liabilities at fair value through
                       profit or loss                                    –        (774)    (12,658)             –            –            –          –      (13,432)
                     Financial assets sold under repurchase
                       agreements                                        –           –     (57,288)        (2,631)      (2,247)           –          –     (62,166)
                     Customer deposits                                   –   (791,606)     (82,278)    (121,500)     (419,407)    (497,906)          – (1,912,697)
                     Debt securities issued                              –           –     (13,680)      (88,260)    (167,596)    (109,897)    (35,570) (415,003)
                     Lease liabilities                                   –           –          (86)         (144)        (536)      (2,256)      (619)      (3,641)
                     Other financial liabilities                         –      (9,223)       (734)          (400)        (810)           –          –     (11,167)


                   Total financial liabilities                           –   (851,102)    (257,197)    (330,245)     (899,330)    (615,956)    (36,189) (2,990,019)


                   Net amount                                       36,820   (479,730)     (27,837)     (88,546)      (26,893)     350,189     511,498     275,501
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024         309




                                         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                 (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
3     Liquidity Risk (continued)
(2)   Analysis of cash flows of derivative financial instruments
      The Group’s derivative financial instruments are either settled on a net basis or a gross basis.

      The Group’s derivatives settled on a net basis mainly include interest rate derivatives. The table below
      analyzes the contractual undiscounted cash flows of the Group’s derivative financial instruments settled
      on a net basis by remaining contractual maturities from the balance sheet date to the contractual
      maturity date.

                                                          31 December 2024
                                                After         After      After
                                            1 month      3 months       1 year
                               Within      but within    but within but within                 After
                             1 month       3 months          1 year   5 years               5 years               Total


      Cash inflow/
        (outflow)                 849            779          3,009            (83)               (68)           4,486

                                                           31 December 2023
                                                After          After       After
                                            1 month       3 months       1 year
                                Within     but within     but within but within                After
                              1 month      3 months          1 year     5 years             5 years               Total


      Cash inflow/
        (outflow)                   78              8            23              (1)                –               108
310       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
      3            Liquidity Risk (continued)
      (2)          Analysis of cash flows of derivative financial instruments (continued)
                   The Group’s derivative settled on a gross basis mainly include foreign exchange derivatives. The
                   following table analyzes the contractual undiscounted cash flows of the Group’s derivative financial
                   instruments settled on a gross basis by remaining contractual maturities from the balance sheet date to
                   the contractual maturity date:

                                                                             31 December 2024
                                                                    After        After      After
                                                                1 month     3 months       1 year
                                                     Within    but within   but within but within        After
                                                   1 month     3 months         1 year   5 years      5 years       Total


                   Cash outflow                    (165,742)    (114,132)    (419,612)      (6,743)      (335)   (706,564)
                   Cash inflow                      167,963      114,953      419,336        6,738        424     709,414


                   Net inflow/
                     (outflow)                        2,221          821         (276)          (5)        89       2,850

                                                                             31 December 2023
                                                                    After        After       After
                                                                1 month     3 months       1 year
                                                     Within    but within   but within but within        After
                                                   1 month     3 months        1 year     5 years     5 years       Total


                   Cash outflow                    (117,249)     (60,250)    (134,051)      (9,249)       (94)   (320,893)
                   Cash inflow                      117,273       60,472      134,799        9,097        105     321,746


                   Net inflow/
                     (outflow)                           24          222         748          (152)        11        853
                                                                                                Annual Report 2024         311




                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                              (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


XIII Financial Risk Management (continued)
3     Liquidity Risk (continued)
(3)   Liquidity risk analysis of off-balance sheet items
      The Group’s off-balance sheet items include bank acceptances, letters of credit, letters of guarantee,
      undrawn credit card limit, corporate loan commitments and finance lease commitments, receivables
      confirmation and other financial guarantee contracts. The table below shows the liquidity analysis of the
      Group’s off-balance sheet items:

                                                               31 December 2024
                                                     After        After      After
                                                 1 month     3 months       1 year
                                       Within   but within   but within but within            After
                                     1 month    3 months         1 year   5 years          5 years             Total


      Bank acceptances issued         70,357      115,250     200,304             –                –       385,911
      Letters of credit issued       189,249       28,471      58,314           101                –       276,135
      Letters of guarantee issued      4,437        9,310      26,648        12,336               50        52,781
      Undrawn credit card facility    17,912            –           –             –                –        17,912
      Loan commitments and
        finance lease
        commitments                      848           34          462        1,156             116            2,616
      Receivables confirmation
        and other financial
        guarantee contracts           12,929       22,608       57,791        6,926               80       100,334


      Total                          295,732      175,673     343,519        20,519             246        835,689

                                                              31 December 2023
                                                     After        After      After
                                                 1 month     3 months      1 year
                                       Within   but within   but within but within             After
                                     1 month    3 months        1 year    5 years           5 years             Total


      Bank acceptances issued         81,247      100,411     186,688             –                –       368,346
      Letters of credit issued       161,183       22,429      44,762            86                –       228,460
      Letters of guarantee issued      2,909        4,517      16,661        24,648               11        48,746
      Undrawn credit card facility    18,424            –           –             –                –        18,424
      Loan commitments and
        finance lease
        commitments                    3,007           15          215          491                –           3,728
      Receivables confirmation
        and other financial
        guarantee contracts           14,378       30,821     101,398        10,220               80       156,897


      Total                          281,148      158,193     349,724        35,445               91       824,601
312     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      XIV          Capital Management
                   The core of the Group’s capital management is capital adequacy ratio and return on capital. The
                   objective of capital management is to meet external regulatory requirements and shareholders’ return,
                   protect the interests of creditors to the best effort, stimulate expansion of assets and improve risk
                   management.The Group prudently determines the objective of capital adequacy ratio which meets the
                   regulatory requirements and coincides with its own risk exposure. By taking a variety of actions such as
                   limit management, the Group ensures the realization of the management objectives.

                   The Group’s business has maintained stable growth in recent years and the assets have become
                   increasingly capital intensive. In order to ensure that the capital adequacy ratio meets the regulatory
                   requirements and to maximize the returns to shareholders with the risks under control, the Group has
                   actively expanded the capital replenishment channels from external sources, while continuing to improve
                   the self-generating function in operations, so as to replenish capital from internal sources.

                   At 31 December 2024, the Group has calculated and disclosed capital adequacy ratio in accordance
                   with the Administrative Measures for Capital of Commercial Banks (Decree No.4 in the year of 2023 of
                   the National Financial Regulatory Administration), with credit risk-weighted assets measured using the
                   risk-weighted approach, market risk-weighted assets and operational risk-weighted assets measured
                   using the standardized approach.

                  At 31 December 2024, the Group’s core tier-one capital adequacy ratio, tier-one capital adequacy
                  ratio, and capital adequacy ratio all met the requirements of the Administrative Measures for Capital of
                  Commercial Banks and other relevant regulations. For more information on capital, please refer to the
                  2024 Pillar 3 Information Disclosure Report disclosed on the Bank’s website.
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024        313




                                            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                   (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


XV    Fair Value of Financial Instruments
1     Fair Values of Financial Assets and Liabilities
(1)   Fair value hierarchy
      The level in which fair value measurement is categorized is determined by the level of the fair value
      hierarchy of the lowest level input that is significant to the entire fair value measurement. The levels are
      defined as follows:

      Level 1 inputs: unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are observable at the measurement date
      for identical assets or liabilities;

      Level 2 inputs: inputs other than Level 1 inputs that are either directly or indirectly observable for
      underlying assets or liabilities; and

      Level 3 inputs: inputs that are unobservable for underlying assets or liabilities.

      The tables below analyzes financial instruments, measured at fair value at the balance sheet date, by the
      level in the fair value hierarchy into which the fair value measurement is categorized:

                                                                  31 December 2024
                                                  Level 1          Level 2        Level 3
                                                fair value       fair value     fair value
                                             measurement      measurement   measurement                             Total


      Derivative financial assets                        –            41,692                      –               41,692
      Loans and advances to
        customers                                        –          313,510                11,474               324,984
      Financial investments
        – measured at FVTPL                        71,905           151,835                 5,133               228,873
        – measured at AC designated
            as hedged items in fair
            value hedge                                  –            5,036                       –               5,036
        – measured at FVOCI                              –          355,999                       –             355,999


      Total assets measured at fair
        value on a recurring basis                 71,905           868,072                16,607               956,584


      Placements from banks and
        other financial institutions                     –           (22,578)                     –              (22,578)
      Financial liabilities at fair value
        through profit or loss                       (572)           (20,624)                     –              (21,196)
      Derivative financial liabilities                  –            (36,085)                     –              (36,085)


      Total liabilities measured at
        fair value on a recurring basis              (572)           (79,287)                     –              (79,859)
314       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      XV           Fair Value of Financial Instruments (continued)
      1            Fair Values of Financial Assets and Liabilities (continued)
      (1)          Fair value hierarchy (continued)
                                                                               31 December 2023
                                                              Level 1           Level 2        Level 3
                                                            fair value        fair value     fair value
                                                         measurement       measurement   measurement                      Total


                   Derivative financial assets                       –            21,953                   –            21,953
                   Loans and advances to
                     customers                                       –           329,744             17,924           347,668
                   Financial investments
                     – measured at FVTPL                       49,381            177,461              6,299           233,141
                     – measured at FVOCI                            –            302,841              1,344           304,185


                   Total assets measured at fair
                     value on a recurring basis                49,381            831,999             25,567           906,947



                   Placements from banks and
                     other financial institutions                    –           (27,720)                  –           (27,720)
                   Financial liabilities at fair value
                     through profit or loss                       (413)          (13,019)                  –           (13,432)
                   Derivative financial liabilities                  –           (21,034)                  –           (21,034)


                   Total liabilities measured at fair
                     value on a recurring basis                   (413)          (61,773)                  –           (62,186)


      (2)          Level 1 fair value measurement
                   For financial instruments with unadjusted quoted prices in active markets that are observable for identical
                   assets or liabilities, the Group takes the unadjusted quoted price as the best evidence of fair value when
                   determining the fair value of financial instruments. So as to determine its fair value, and divide it into the
                   first level measured by fair value. The financial instruments defined as level 1 by the Group mainly include
                   open-end funds, open-end wealth management products and unrestricted equity investments in listed
                   companies.
                                                                                                Annual Report 2024         315




                                       Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                              (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


XV    Fair Value of Financial Instruments (continued)
1     Fair Values of Financial Assets and Liabilities (continued)
(3)   Level 2 fair value measurement
      If the main parameters used in the valuation are observable and available from the active open market,
      the relevant financial instruments are defined as level 2 fair value measurement. The Group’s level 2
      financial instruments mainly include bond and ABS investments, term-ended funds, discounted bills,
      trade finance, restricted equity investments in listed companies, lease-in of precious metals in account
      caption of placements from banks and other financial institutions, interest rate derivatives, foreign
      exchange derivatives, precious metal and other derivatives.

      For the fair value of RMB bond and ABS investments measured at FVTPL and FVOCI, the Group
      adopts the valuation results issued by China Central Depository & Clearing Co., Ltd. or China Securities
      Depository and Clearing Co., Ltd. according to the bond market. For the fair value of foreign currency
      bonds, the Group adopts Bloomberg results. For discounted bills, trade finance and RMB bonds
      designated as hedged items of fair value hedge, the Group adopts discounted cash flow model for
      valuation which based on SHIBOR and yield curves issued by Shanghai Commercial Paper Exchange
      Co., and China Central Depository & Clearing Co., the Group constructs the interest rate curve by five-
      category loan classification and product type. For restricted equity investments in listed companies,
      liquidity discounts is considered based on the closing price.

      For non-derivative financial instruments and some derivative financial instruments including forwards and
      swaps of precious metal and foreign exchange and interest rate swaps, etc. that could not be quoted
      from the active market, the Group adopts discounted cash flow analysis. The main parameters used
      include the recent transaction price, relevant yield curve, exchange rate and counterparty risk. For the
      valuation of option derivatives, the Group adopts Black-Scholes model with main parameters of relevant
      yield curve, exchange rate, volatility, and counterparty risk.

      The fair value of shares held by other parties rather than the Group and liabilities of consolidated
      structured entities is measured based on the net asset values of the funds, determined with reference to
      observable (quoted) prices of underlying investment portfolio and adjustments of related expenses.
316       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      XV           Fair Value of Financial Instruments (continued)
      1            Fair Values of Financial Assets and Liabilities (continued)
      (4)          Level 3 fair value measurement
                   The Group has developed relevant procedures to determine the appropriate valuation techniques and
                   inputs for level 3 fair value measurement on a recurring basis, and regularly reviews the appropriateness
                   of the relevant procedures and determination of the fair value. Quantitative information of level 3 fair value
                   measurement is as follows:

                                                                      Fair value at
                                                                     31 December      Valuation              Unobservable
                                                                              2024    technique              inputs


                   Financial investments measured at FVTPL
                     – Trust schemes and asset management                      393    Discounted cash        Risk-adjusted
                         plans                                                          flow method            discount rate
                     – Trust schemes and asset management                    1,423    Net assets analysis    Net assets, Liquidity
                         plans                                                                                 discount
                     – Bonds and assets-backed securities                    1,735    Discounted cash        Risk-adjusted
                                                                                        flow method            discount rate
                     – Equity investments                                      981    Net assets analysis    Net assets
                     – Equity investments                                      601    Market multiplier      Liquidity discount
                                                                                        method
                   Financial investments measured at FVOCI
                     – Equity investments                                    1,420    Net assets analysis    Net assets, Liquidity
                                                                                                               discount
                     – Loans and advances to customers                      11,474    Discounted cash        Risk-adjusted
                                                                                        flow method            discount rate

                                                                      Fair value at
                                                                     31 December      Valuation              Unobservable
                                                                              2023    technique              inputs


                   Financial investments measured at FVTPL
                     – Trust schemes and asset management                      533    Discounted cash flow   Risk-adjusted
                         plans                                                          method                 discount rate
                     – Trust schemes and asset management                    2,756    Net assets analysis    Net assets, Liquidity
                         plans                                                                                 discount
                     – Bonds and assets-backed securities                    1,701    Discounted cash flow   Risk-adjusted
                                                                                        method                 discount rate
                     – Equity investments                                    1,138    Net assets analysis    Net assets
                     – Equity investments                                      171    Market multiplier      Liquidity discount
                                                                                        method
                   Financial investments measured at FVOCI
                     – Equity investments                                    1,344    Net assets analysis    Net assets, Liquidity
                                                                                                               discount
                   – Loans and advances to customers                        17,924    Discounted cash flow   Risk-adjusted
                                                                                        method                 discount rate
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024         317




                                           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                                    (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


XV    Fair Value of Financial Instruments (continued)
1     Fair Values of Financial Assets and Liabilities (continued)
(4)   Level 3 fair value measurement (continued)
      At the balance sheet date, replacing the original unobservable assumptions with other reasonable
      unobservable assumptions has no significant impact on the measurement results of fair value. The above
      assumptions and methods provide a unified basis for the calculation of the fair value of the Group’s
      assets and liabilities. However, due to the different methods and assumptions that may be used by other
      institutions, the fair values disclosed by different financial institutions may not be completely comparable.

      Reconciliation of the opening and closing balance for financial assets of level 3 fair value on a recurring
      basis is as follows:

                                                       Financial       Financial
                                                    investments     investments          Loans and
                                                    measured at     measured at         advances to
                                                          FVTPL           FVOCI          customers                   Total

      At 1 January 2024                                   6,299            1,344               17,924               25,567
      Total gains recognized in profit or loss             (344)               6                1,030                  692
      Total gains recognized in other
        comprehensive income                                   –              76                  (363)               (287)
      Increase                                               581               –                     –                 581
      Disposals and settlements                           (1,403)             (6)               (7,117)             (8,526)

      At 31 December 2024                                 5,133            1,420               11,474               18,027

      Total unrealised gains and losses included
        in the consolidated statement of profit
        or loss for assets held at the end of the
        reporting period                                    (370)              –                   241                (129)

                                                       Financial        Financial
                                                    investments      investments          Loans and
                                                    measured at      measured at         advances to
                                                         FVTPL             FVOCI          customers                   Total

      At 1 January 2023                                   5,522            1,313               40,080               46,915
      Total gains recognized in profit or loss             (550)               6                1,649                1,105
      Total gains recognized in other
        comprehensive income                                   –              31                (1,143)              (1,112)
      Increase                                             2,686               –                     –                2,686
      Disposals and settlements                           (1,359)             (6)             (22,662)             (24,027)

      At 31 December 2023                                 6,299            1,344               17,924               25,567

      Total unrealised gains and losses included
        in the consolidated statement of profit
        or loss for assets held at the end of the
        reporting period                                    (576)              –                    11                (565)
318       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      XV           Fair Value of Financial Instruments (continued)
      2            Transfers Between Items Measured at Different Levels of Fair Value
                   During the reporting period, there were no transfers, between Level 1, Level 2 and Level 3, of the
                   Group’s above assets and liabilities which are measured at fair value.

      3            Change in Valuation Techniques and the Rationale
                   During the reporting period, there were no changes in the valuation techniques adopted by the Group for
                   fair value measurement.

      4            Financial Assets and Liabilities not Measured at Fair Value
                   All financial instruments of the Group are carried at amounts not materially different from their fair value
                   at the balance sheet date except as follows:

                                                                               31 December 2024
                                                                                                                    Carrying
                                                          Level 1        Level 2        Level 3    Fair Value        amount


                   Financial assets
                     Financial investments
                       measured at AC (excluding
                       hedged items)                             –      398,131         80,125        478,256        464,123


                   Financial liabilities
                     Debt securities issued                      –      545,231               –       545,231        541,533

                                                                                31 December 2023
                                                                                                                     Carrying
                                                           Level 1       Level 2        Level 3     Fair Value        amount


                   Financial assets
                     Financial investments
                       measured at AC                            –      372,022         93,839        465,861        463,311


                   Financial liabilities
                     Debt securities issued                      –      396,796               –       396,796        395,938

                   For the above financial assets and liabilities not measured at fair value, the Group used the following
                   methods to determine their fair value:

                   The fair value of financial investments measured at AC and debt securities issued are quoted in the
                   valuation system of relevant registration and settlement institutions that employs observable inputs
                   that reflect the market in the formation of quotations. For those quotations not available in relevant
                   institutions, the fair value shall be estimated by discounted cash flow method.
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024         319




                                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                               (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


XVI   Subsequent Events
1     Establishment of subsidiary
      On 26 January 2025, the Bank received the Reply of the National Financial Regulatory Administration on
      the Establishment of Zheyin Wealth Management Co., Ltd. (Jin Fu [2025] No. 61), and the opening of
      Zheyin Wealth Management Co., Ltd. was approved.

2     Issuance of Financial Bonds
      On 13 February 2025, the Bank issued ordinary financial bond (series 1) in National Interbank Bond
      Market amounting to RMB20 billion.

3     Profit Distribution
      On 28 March 2025, the Board of Directors of the Bank deliberated and approved the 2024 Ordinary
      Share Dividend Distribution Plan, which will distribute cash dividends to the shareholders of A shares and
      H shares registered on the share registration date, with a cash dividend of RMB1.56 (including tax) for
      each 10 ordinary shares, and a total of RMB4,284 million. The plan is yet to be reviewed and approved
      by the Bank’s shareholders’ meeting.

XVII Comparative Figures
      For the purpose of the presentation of the consolidated financial statements, the Group reclassified
      certain comparative figures.
320     China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      XVIII Statements of Financial Position of the Bank
                                                                                    31 December    31 December
                                                                            Note           2024           2023


                   ASSETS
                   Cash and balances with the central bank                               129,691       164,723
                   Precious metals                                                        16,956         9,756
                   Deposits with banks and other financial institutions                   51,058        68,426
                   Placements with banks and other financial institutions                 20,368        11,576
                   Derivative financial assets                                            41,692        21,953
                   Financial assets purchased under resale agreements                     68,334        74,631
                   Loans and advances to customers                                     1,812,684     1,673,272
                   Financial investments
                      – Financial assets measured at fair value through
                           profit or loss                                               246,190        256,926
                      – Financial assets measured at amortised cost                     406,250        391,600
                      – Financial assets measured at fair value through
                           other comprehensive income                                   357,419        304,185
                   Investment in subsidiary                                 VI.19         2,040          2,040
                   Fixed assets                                                          18,882         18,572
                   Right-of-use assets                                                    3,111          4,903
                   Intangible assets                                                      2,291            601
                   Deferred tax assets                                                   19,927         20,631
                   Other assets                                                          12,182          9,592


                   TOTAL ASSETS                                                        3,209,075     3,033,387
                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024         321




                                        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statement

                                                                               (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


XVIII Statements of Financial Position of the Bank (continued)
                                                                              31 December            31 December
                                                                                     2024                   2023


      LIABILITIES
      Due to the central bank                                                        77,821                119,915
      Deposits from banks and other financial institutions                          369,289                359,087
      Placements from banks and other financial institutions                         38,136                 38,793
      Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss                      4,180                    120
      Derivative financial liabilities                                               36,085                 21,034
      Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements                               5,552                 27,782
      Customer deposits                                                           1,922,289              1,868,659
      Employee benefits payable                                                       6,173                  5,861
      Taxes payable                                                                   1,037                  2,774
      Provisions                                                                      1,094                  1,523
      Debt securities issued                                                        539,813                392,994
      Lease liabilities                                                               3,135                  3,257
      Other liabilities                                                               7,521                  6,765


      TOTAL LIABILITIES                                                           3,012,125              2,848,564


      EQUITY
      Share capital                                                                   27,464                  27,464
      Other equity instruments                                                        24,995                  24,995
        – Perpetual bonds                                                             24,995                  24,995
      Capital reserve                                                                 38,570                  38,570
      Other comprehensive income                                                       6,344                   3,406
      Surplus reserve                                                                 14,012                  12,546
      Statutory general reserve                                                       34,594                  29,315
      Retained earnings                                                               50,971                  48,527


      TOTAL EQUITY                                                                  196,950                 184,823


      TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY                                                3,209,075              3,033,387

      The financial statements were approved by the board of directors on 28 March 2025:

                           Lu Jianqiang                                            Hou Bo
                            Chairman                                  Principal in-charge of Finance,
                                                                   Director of the Financial Department
322       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Unaudited Supplementary Financial Information
      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      1            Illustration of Differences between the Consolidated Financial
                   Statements Prepared Under IFRS Accounting Standards and Those
                   Prepared in accordance with PRC GAAP
                   There are no differences between the profit attributable to equity holders of the Bank under IFRS
                   Accounting Standards and PRC GAAP for the year ended 31 December 2024 (for the year ended 31
                   December 2023: no differences). There are no differences between the equity attributable to equity
                   holders of the Bank under IFRS Accounting Standards and PRC GAAP at 31 December 2024 (31
                   December 2023: no differences).

      2            Liquidity Coverage Ratio
                                                                                              31 December         31 December
                                                                                                     2024                2023


                   Liquidity Coverage Ratio                                                        322.75%             166.61%

                   The liquidity coverage ratio is calculated in accordance with the relevant requirements of the National
                   Financial Regulatory Administration.

      3            International Claims
                   The Group is principally engaged in business operations within Chinese Mainland. International claims are
                   local claims in foreign currencies and cross-border claims.

                   International claims include balances with the central bank, due from banks and other financial
                   institutions, loans and advances to customers, financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, financial
                   assets measured at amortised cost and financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive
                   income.
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024         323




                                Unaudited Supplementary Financial Information

                                                                                 (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


3   International Claims (continued)
    International claims are disclosed based on different countries or regions. A country or region is reported
    where it constitutes 10% or more of the aggregate amount of international claims, after taking into
    account any risk transfers. Risk transfer is only made if the claims are guaranteed by a party in a country
    which is different from that of the counterparty or if the claims are on an overseas branch of a bank
    whose head office is located in another country.

                                                                     Official   Non-bank
    At 31 December 2024                                Bank          sector private sector                        Total


    Local claims in foreign currencies                 4,083           9,333               90,011             103,427
    Asia Pacific excluding Chinese Mainland           10,160             741               21,657              32,558
      – of which attributed to Hong Kong               7,610             741               19,847              28,198
    Europe                                             5,157           7,036                  974              13,167
    North America                                      2,958          22,941               23,429              49,328
    Oceania                                              300               –                    –                 300


    Total                                             22,658          40,051             136,071              198,780

                                                                      Official        Non-bank
    At 31 December 2023                                 Bank          sector      private sector                  Total


    Local claims in foreign currencies                 4,187           7,222               68,558               79,967
    Asia Pacific excluding Chinese Mainland            5,330           1,259               27,111               33,700
      – of which attributed to Hong Kong               5,079           1,259               25,939               32,277
    Europe                                             5,740           1,695                  641                8,076
    North America                                      3,067          11,177               17,632               31,876
    Oceania                                              131               –                    –                  131


    Total                                             18,455          21,353             113,942              153,750
324       China Zheshang Bank Co., Ltd.




      Unaudited Supplementary Financial Information

      (In RMB millions, unless otherwise stated)


      4            Currency Concentrations
                                                                                 RMB Equivalent
                                                                    USD           HKD         Others             Total


                   At 31 December 2024
                   Spot assets                                   129,257         14,404          23,276        166,937
                   Spot liabilities                             (139,817)        (4,874)        (26,106)      (170,797)
                   Forward purchases                             716,026            730          35,790        752,546
                   Forward sales                                (738,094)        (1,314)        (70,389)      (809,797)
                   Net options position                          (28,266)             –            (182)       (28,448)


                   Net (short)/long position                     (60,894)         8,946         (37,611)       (89,559)

                                                                                 RMB Equivalent
                                                                    USD           HKD          Others             Total


                   At 31 December 2023
                   Spot assets                                   102,999         12,565          14,796        130,360
                   Spot liabilities                             (103,696)        (3,082)        (14,608)      (121,386)
                   Forward purchases                             387,567          2,132          30,537        420,236
                   Forward sales                                (402,567)          (711)        (34,147)      (437,425)
                   Net options position                            (5,353)            –            (330)         (5,683)


                   Net (short)/long position                     (21,050)        10,904          (3,752)       (13,898)


      5            Non-bank Chinese Mainland Exposure
                   The Bank is a commercial bank incorporated in Chinese Mainland with its banking business conducted in
                   Chinese Mainland. At 31 December 2024, the Group’s non-bank exposures are substantially arising from
                   businesses with Chinese Mainland corporates and individuals.
