               IT’S G OT TO BE



Good Enough
  for Mum
RY M A N H E A LT H CA R E A N N U A L R E P O R T 2 0 1 8
The care we provide must be, in the words
of our co-founder, good enough for Mum.
        Contents

        Chair’s report | 7

      The Ryman story | 12

  Chief executive’s report | 19

 The senior executive team | 24

         The board | 26

         Our villages | 28

    Our business model | 30




         FINANCIALS
                92



C O R P O R AT E G O V E R N A N C E
               134
  C R E AT I N G VA L U E




 37 49 53
 How we create               We do it safely      A strong focus
 value over time              or not at all      on our day-to-day
                                                    operations




 63                           71                  75
 Our residents               We care about       Our villages are
 are connected                 and invest        people’s homes
   to vibrant                in our people
 communities




 81                          87
An extraordinary                 We are in
curve of demand             a strong financial
   lies ahead                    position
RY M A N H E A LT HCA R E




           4
       A N NUA L R E P O RT 2 0 18




We look after older people.




                   5
RY M A N H E A LT HCA R E




           6
                       A N NUA L R E P O RT 2 0 18




                        CHAIR’S REPORT




 Care is at the
   heart of
  everything
    we do
              Ryman Healthcare Chair Dr David Kerr




 My first visit to a Ryman village was to the company’s second village,
  a converted motel just down the road from my medical practice.
That day I learned what the Ryman founders were doing and why, and
 from that visit grew a strong relationship and a deep sense of trust.

 I learned from John Ryder that his business partner Kevin Hickman
 had been appalled by the lack of privacy and dignity for residents in
 a fire-damaged resthome he’d visited. That was the driver for these
       guys – to raise the standard of aged care in New Zealand.




                                   7
                                                                  RY M A N H E A LT HCA R E




                    We’re driven by what works for our residents
                    Kevin’s view was that he wouldn’t put his own mother in such a place. It was the
                    start of Ryman’s metaphor for the highest standard of care: it’s got to be good
                    enough for Mum.

                    Early on in their business venture, Kevin and John committed to providing
                    integrated care. It didn’t seem right that residents who became too sick had
                    to be moved somewhere else for higher levels of care. So before long, they
                    bought a hospital.

                    The same philosophies are deeply embedded in the way Ryman operates
                    today. We make sensible business decisions driven by what works for
                    our residents.


                    We want to share a broader narrative
                                                                                              We make
                    In those early days, recycling capital made the
                    developments possible. We still recycle capital
                                                                                              sensible
                    today – it’s one of the reasons we create so much                         business
                    value for our shareholders.
                                                                                              decisions
                    Ryman’s story of sustainable value creation goes                          driven
                    beyond our financial achievements. Our history
                    shows a company committed to putting care at                              by what
                    the heart of its unique business model. The wider                         works for our
                                                                                              residents.
                    Ryman story is an important story to tell and one
                    that we haven’t told before in our annual reporting.

                    This year, for the first time, we’ve chosen to adopt
                    the principles of Integrated Reporting* <IR> in our annual report.
                    Our stakeholders are increasingly interested in how we create value over
                    time, and the <IR> Framework helps us to tell that broader narrative.

                    I would like to take this opportunity to acknowledge all of the board and the
                    executive team for their support in preparing and presenting this annual report.
                    They have all shared their time, experience, and wisdom to maintain the clarity
                    and integrity of our reporting.




*Visit integratedreporting.org for more information on Integrated Reporting.




                                                                               8
                             A N NUA L R E P O RT 2 0 18




Kevin Hickman’s 34 years of service at Ryman
In May 2018 Kevin Hickman let us know that he wished to stand down from the
board, ending 34 years of service at Ryman.

Ryman Healthcare would not be the company it is today without Kevin. He is
one of New Zealand’s foremost entrepreneurs who saw an opportunity to build
an ethical business to meet an important social need – the care of older people.

Kevin’s founding philosophy – that Ryman’s care has to be good enough for
Mum – remains our guiding principle today. He always put residents first, he
sought to raise the bar in care and the quality of our villages, and he’s had a
profound impact on improving the quality of life for generations of older people.

Kevin always led by example and invested in developing people. Not only did
he create a special company with a great model, he ensured it was always in
good hands.

Kevin has never been the type of entrepreneur who is out to make as much
money as possible and reluctant to let go of the reins. He’s been a wonderful
motivator of others assuming responsibility, and shown little interest in
personal remuneration.

We thank him and we wish him all the best in his retirement.


We look to the long term
One of the measures used in business is TSR or total shareholder return.
The board focuses on another TSR – talent, strategy, and risk – to increase
our total shareholder return.

We work closely with the executive team on our medium and long-term strategy
and to determine and monitor our material issues. Like all companies, we have
to look in the rearview mirror from time to time, but our long-term orientation is
much more important.




                                         9
                             RY M A N H E A LT HCA R E




We believe in growing social and human capital
We believe in growing social and human capital – in what we do for residents
and communities, in how we use our influence in the sector, and in the
employment opportunities we offer.

When we build a village, we’re building care facilities for the benefit of our
residents and also for the wider community. To meet the future needs of
our ageing population, we’re building critical infrastructure on a major scale.
Our investment in care is a key point of difference.

We employ a large number of people and offer part-time employment that
recognises and supports the other commitments people have in their lives.
We have a real commitment to keeping our people safe, and to their education
and career progression through the company.


We work to create a positive impact on the environment
We develop and improve natural capital. We take a piece of land, often where
the environment is degraded, clean it up, and construct a village designed
to last. We create pleasant living with grass, bushes, ponds, and streams.
We establish and maintain gardens all around our villages.

We work to create a positive impact on the environment. Our villages are
energy-efficient in their design, and we reduce the vehicle traffic in the areas
around our villages.

The development team needs to meet many environmental requirements
to get consents. We’re measuring our carbon footprint, and we’ve joined the
CEMARS carbon reduction programme so that we can identify savings
targets for the future.


We take an integrated approach to growth
One of the ways in which the board supports the company is by engaging and
employing very competent people. That’s part of our philosophy. That competence
means that people can take a sudden left-field idea, use the governance
structure as a sounding board, and get on with turning the idea into reality.

Looking to the future, we have the confidence of knowing we’re in a strong
financial position. That confidence enables us to commit to constantly
improving our offering.




                                         10
                             A N NUA L R E P O RT 2 0 18




We’re always looking at ways to improve the resident experience. Of the larger
operators, Ryman has the highest proportion of care centres in New Zealand with
4 years’ certification – the ‘gold standard’ in care – from the Ministry of Health.

We continue to build and upgrade our villages in New Zealand. And in Victoria,
we’ve made a successful start, with one village already open, one opening later
in the year, and six more in the pipeline.

We want to make sure that as we continue to grow, we do so at a pace
that means we can stay connected to the original vision of being ethical,
transparent, honest, and fair.

We aim to double our underlying profit every 5 years. We believe that’s a
sustainable pace that takes into account the growth opportunities and the
challenges we face, as well as making sure we have a happy, healthy, well-
functioning team.


We work to make an investment in Ryman grow sustainably
and do good in the world
Ryman’s investors are often in for the long haul. They know we’re a stable,
well-run company that can weather financial crises.

Many of our residents and team members are also shareholders. Residents
who invest in Ryman share in the company’s growth and can use dividends
to pay their weekly fees. Team members who own a share in the company
reap a double reward for the goodwill and energy they bring to their work.

The board is pleased to report another solid year for Ryman, with underlying
profit up 14.2 percent to $203.5 million and our reported profit, including
unrealised gains, up 8.8 percent to $388.2 million.

We’ve matched the growth in underlying profit with a similar increase in
dividend to shareholders. The dividend has been increased by 14.6 percent,
with a total annual dividend to shareholders of 20.4 cents per share.

If you are considering an investment in a place to live or looking for a stable
platform to build wealth into the future, or both, we welcome you to join us.




Dr David Kerr
Chair, Ryman Healthcare



                                         11
                                         RY M A N H E A LT HCA R E




THE RYMAN STORY




Finding
the perfect
business


In 1983, Kevin Hickman walked into a fire-
damaged old villa to investigate how the fire
had started. The building was a resthome,
and Kevin didn’t like what he saw.

“There were four people to a room with shared
toilets down the corridor. The people running
the resthome were nice and did a good job in
as much as they were expected to. But to me,
it was crazy. The standards were so poor.
But that’s how resthomes were in those days.”

It started Kevin thinking about what the
standards should be. “I thought, what would
I want for Mum? I’d want a single room with
an ensuite, for a start.”




                                                    12
                                         A N NUA L R E P O RT 2 0 18




Both were natural entrepreneurs                           After Kevin’s experience with the fire-damaged
and together they made a                                  resthome, they knew they’d found what they
formidable combination                                    were looking for. It was a great business idea
                                                          and they could improve the way older people
Kevin and his business partner, accountant John           lived and how they were cared for. It was a
Ryder, had met a few years earlier. Kevin had left        business they could feel good about and believe
the police to set up his own private investigation        in completely.
business and needed an accountant. Kevin says
the partnership worked because they had                   They soon found a block of 14 two-bedroom
complementary skills. He thinks he and John               flats on River Road in Christchurch, which they
would have been successful on their own, but              would convert into their first resthome. But they
nowhere near as successful as they were together.         didn’t have much capital.

The pair were already on the look-out for a               “The vendor accepted a part payment and agreed
business opportunity. “The perfect business,”             that we could repay the remaining amount at an
Kevin says, “had to combine residential property          8 percent interest rate,” says Kevin.
– because it’s a good long-term investment and
the banks always like to lend on property – and a
strong cash flow.’’




                                                     13
                               RY M A N H E A LT HCA R E




          1984                                               4,700
       Ryman Healthcare was                           We employ over 4,700 staff.
         founded in 1984.




      34 years                                               10,600
   We’ve been driven by the same                           Our villages are home to
        values for 34 years.                                over 10,600 residents.




          A care company
           from the start

   32 villages
  We own and operate 32 retirement
                                                                730
villages in New Zealand and Australia.               We have 730 dementia beds.




         5,000                                                    70
  More than 5,000 residents receive               We offer integrated care to people
care tailored to their individual needs.                 70 years and older.




                                           14
                                            A N NUA L R E P O RT 2 0 18




And with that, Ryman – formed                                A golden rule was always to put faith in our
from combining Ryder and Hickman                             team members, and both Kevin and John
– was born                                                   believed in bringing young, talented people
                                                             through the ranks to top roles, rather than hiring
They renamed the resthome Riverside, the cash                outsiders. “You get lifted up by the people you
flow started to come in, and Ryman was soon in               employ. Or you get dropped pretty quickly”,
the market for a second property.                            Kevin says.
A motel complex on Woodcote Ave in Hornby                    People had to have the Ryman way of working
became their next development. “Because we                   in their DNA to become Rymanians. “I’m a great
didn’t have much money, I lived there while we               believer in training your own people. This whole
rebuilt it,” Kevin says. “We needed to squeeze               idea of bringing someone new in to run riot is just
every drop of cash flow out of it while we were              a disaster.”
rebuilding.”

Kevin and John didn’t spend money on expensive
lifestyles. They supported each other.
                                                               “I’m a great believer
“When you’re broke, it’s good having someone
                                                               in training your own
to share the pain. We wanted it to be the best                 people.”
period of older people’s lives. For some of our
residents, it was the first time they’d lived in a
new house.”                                                  Creating shareholder value
Kevin and John believed in reinvesting to grow               over time
the company. Profits were reinvested to lay the              Ryman listed on the stock exchange in 1999,
foundations for future earnings so that the value            raising $25 million. It brought new capital to
of the investment was always compounding.                    invest in future growth. And John and Kevin
The Ryman recipe was to buy the right site in a              were rewarded for 15 years of hard work and
well established suburb, use working capital to              risk-taking.
build the first stage of the village, sell that, and         At the time, the company was valued at
use the capital to fund the next stage. They’d then          $135 million. Today, Ryman is worth over
build a care wing and operate the village using              $5 billion and has paid more than $690 million
home-grown staff trained in Ryman systems.                   in dividends. More than $3.1 billion has been
                                                             invested in new villages since listing.
Kevin calls the current leaders                              Three decades on, Kevin says Ryman’s ethos
‘the Ryman kids’                                             hasn’t changed. Everything we do must be
                                                             good enough for Mum – or Dad.
‘Kids’ pretty much describes what they were
when they started. Chief Sales and Marketing
Officer Debbie McClure started out as a village
administrator in 1990. Chief Operations Officer
Barbara Reynen-Rose was a young nurse
manager in Dunedin when she was hired in 1992.




                                                        15
                RY M A N H E A LT HCA R E




If we get our care and resident experience right,




                           16
                A N NUA L R E P O RT 2 0 18




the financial results take care of themselves.




                            17
RY M A N H E A LT HCA R E




           18
                         A N NUA L R E P O RT 2 0 18




                 CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REPORT




     It’s all about
         people
                 Chief Executive Gordon MacLeod




 At Ryman, it’s all about people. I believe that, ultimately, our resident
   experience defines our success. If we get our care and resident
    experience right, the financial results take care of themselves.

  We’ve only just got started on growth, and it’s an exciting time to be
    part of Ryman. To meet our growth aspiration, we’ll need around
70 percent more leaders in 5 years’ time than we have now. That’s why
we’re investing in our Ryman Leaders’ programme and bringing our own
       people through and supporting them to grow and achieve.

  We’ve always valued our people and their wealth of organisational
  knowledge. I want our people to be safe, happy, well versed in how
           we work, and to know the residents like family.




                                     19
                             RY M A N H E A LT HCA R E




Safety of our people is my number one priority
I talk frequently about very specific aspects of health and safety. It’s never
a general chat. We want people to go home safe every night.

The importance of safety was brought home to us all on 9 January this year
when we lost Graeme Rabbits at one of our construction sites in Auckland.
Graeme was well liked, with friends all over the world. His death was
devastating for his family, his friends, and all his colleagues on the site and
right across Ryman.

Ryman is cooperating fully with WorkSafe’s investigation and will continue
to strive for very high standards in health and safety.

Graeme’s family told me they were determined that his loss is not in vain,
and we, as a team, will make sure of that.


We’re investing in our people for the future
This year, we have invested heavily in staff through extra training, leadership
programmes, and in pay increases and improved entitlements, particularly
for staff at our villages.

Behind the scenes, we’ve been busy recruiting in Melbourne, Auckland,
and Christchurch. We have more than doubled the size of our design and
development teams in Christchurch, and have ramped up our teams in
Auckland and Melbourne.


We’re investing more than ever in the resident experience
We’re investing more than ever in the resident experience. We’re also investing
in health and safety, technology, and infrastructure.

Meals are a big part of a resident’s day and so the food has to be great. We’ve
invested in our Delicious project, making more fresh food options on site so
that meals are served at their best. Residents can choose from a menu that
includes a vegetarian option, and they’re telling us they love it.

One of the benefits of village life is having neighbours and friends nearby for
socialising. We’ve built new village cafés that create a place for residents to
relax and catch up with each other and with visiting friends and family.




                                        20
                             A N NUA L R E P O RT 2 0 18




The myRyman Care revolution has begun
Our biggest-ever investment in improving care systems is in full swing.
Twenty-five villages are now live on the myRyman Care app, with the roll-out
in New Zealand due to be completed this year.

We’ve installed more than 2,000 tablet devices in residents’ rooms and trained
2,100 nurses and caregivers in how to use the system. Our staff can see at a
glance everything they need to know about each resident, and what they need
to do to care for them – simply by referring to a tablet in every care room. In most
healthcare settings, the information is in paper files or on desktops back at the
nurses’ station.

The message that comes up on the login screen says, “It’s all about people”. I think
that sums up the person-centric approach we take to designing everything.


Our people are happier than ever
Another highlight of the year for me has been the feedback we’re getting from
our people. Every survey result has lifted, which shows that our residents, their
families, and our staff are happier than ever.

Since I became Chief Executive in July last year, I have had the pleasure of
visiting 30 of our villages and all seven Ryman construction sites. I must have
met hundreds of residents, family members, and fellow Rymanians, and I’ve had
many in-depth discussions about how we are performing – both as a place to
live and work.

Based on the feedback I’ve had, the strong survey results are consistent
with what I’ve seen and heard personally – as Kevin would say, by “walking
the shop floor”.


Our results reflect the growing need for what we do
It has been another solid year of progress, and two numbers stand out for me.
At the end of the year, we had less than 1 percent of our portfolio available for
resale, and our care centres were 97 percent full, compared to an industry
average of around 87 percent.

While real estate volumes dropped 14 percent during the year in New Zealand,
our resales volumes lifted 15 percent.

These numbers stand out because they’re an indicator of the demand we’re
seeing, and that what we do is driven by a growing need.




                                         21
                            RY M A N H E A LT HCA R E




Momentum is building in Victoria
In Victoria, we set ourselves the goal of opening five villages by 2020 to match
the roll-out rate in New Zealand. We have one village open, one about to open,
and the potential to be building at three more sites by the end of the year.
Collectively, our villages in Victoria have the potential to become home to more
than 4,000 residents.

Our first residents are due to move into their new apartments at our Brandon
Park village shortly. The village was named after Australia’s favourite opera
singer, Dame Nellie Melba.

In January this year, we secured consent to begin work on a new village in
Coburg, and our construction team will be on site later in the year.

We are in advanced discussions with local councils about both our Burwood
East and Geelong villages. We hope to be building at both sites this year,
subject to development approval. We also have two villages planned for the
Mornington Peninsula – Mt Martha and Mt Eliza.

We were delighted to recently announce that we have bought our eighth site
in Victoria, at Aberfeldie in north-west Melbourne.

There’s been a big gap between our first and second villages in Victoria.
We have learned a lot from this, not least of which is that we needed more
resources on the ground and in development and design during this early
phase of our expansion.


New Zealand development continues at pace
Our new Logan Campbell village in Greenlane welcomed its first residents in
February this year. The teams at Devonport and Lynfield are now well into their
construction programmes, and presales continue to be strong.

The next villages to be submitted for resource consent in Auckland will be
Lincoln Road and Hobsonville. We have received consent for our new village
on River Road in Hamilton and early site works are under way.

We have bought new sites in Karori and in Havelock North. The Karori site was
formerly a Victoria University campus and is a site we’ve had our eye on for
many years.




                                       22
                             A N NUA L R E P O RT 2 0 18




The board is part of the
Ryman family                                     For the fourth
All of Ryman benefits from the collegial         consecutive
relationship that exists between                 year, Boston
the senior executive team and the
board. Several of our directors have
                                                 Consulting Group
or have had family members living                ranked Ryman
at our villages. That experience and             one of the top 10
perspective is incredibly valuable               best-performing
around the board table.
                                                 healthcare
We put a lot of emphasis on all of the           companies in
board understanding the reality of
                                                 the world for
what we do, so the board gets out
and about around the villages and                shareholder return.
construction sites.

On a personal note, I feel I owe Kevin Hickman a lot. I want to repay the faith he’s
put in both me and the team. I am honoured to continue Kevin’s legacy at Ryman,
and I will work to preserve the culture he created.


We’re just getting started
When I reflect on the year that’s been, we are building momentum right across
the business – whether that’s in delivering great care for our residents, developing
our team of people, or scaling up in Victoria. We have an extraordinary opportunity
ahead and a team of people to see us well into the future.

I want to thank the thousands of Rymanians who work tirelessly for our residents.
You do an incredible job and make a difference every day.




Gordon MacLeod
Chief Executive




                                         23
                                   RY M A N H E A LT HCA R E




THE SENIOR EXECUTIVE TEAM




                 David                               Debbie                      Andrew
                 Bennett                             McClure                     Mitchell
                 CHIEF FINANCIAL                     CHIEF SALES AND             CHIEF DEVELOPMENT
                 OFFICER                             MARKETING OFFICER           OFFICER

                 David was appointed in              Debbie joined Ryman as      Andrew joined Ryman in
                 2013 as Financial Controller        an administrator in 1990    2007 after working as a
                 and promoted to Chief               before moving into sales.   Regional Development
                 Financial Officer in 2017.          She moved to Melbourne      Manager for Sunrise
                 David has a Bachelor of             in 2013 to lead Ryman’s     Senior Living in the UK.
                 Commerce degree and is              sales expansion in          Andrew has a Bachelor
                 a chartered accountant.             Victoria. Debbie is chair   of Commerce degree in
                 Before joining Ryman, he            of the Property Council     Valuation and Property
                 worked as an accountant             of Australia’s Retirement   Management.
                 and auditor.                        Living Committee in
                                                     Victoria.




                                                24
                                            A N NUA L R E P O RT 2 0 18




Barbara                     Gordon                              Nicole                        Tom
Reynen-Rose                 MacLeod                             Forster                       Brownrigg
CHIEF OPERATIONS            CHIEF EXECUTIVE                     CHIEF PEOPLE AND              CHIEF CONSTRUCTION
OFFICER                                                         TECHNOLOGY OFFICER            OFFICER

Barbara joined Ryman in     Gordon joined Ryman in              Nicole joined Ryman in        Tom joined Ryman in 2006
1992 as a nurse manager     2007. He had previously             2011 as Senior Human          and has overseen the
and is now our Chief        been a corporate finance            Resources Advisor. Prior      construction of 19 Ryman
Operations Officer.         partner with PwC and                to joining Ryman Nicole       villages. He has over 20
Barbara has an Advanced     finance director of a London        worked in a variety of        years’ experience in the
Diploma in Nursing, a       listed hi-tech engineering          human resource and            construction industry in
Postgraduate Diploma        company. Gordon has a               healthcare related roles.     New Zealand and the
in Management, and a        Bachelor of Commerce                Nicole was promoted to        United Kingdom, in roles
Master of Health Sciences   degree and is a chartered           Group Shared Services         ranging from carpentry to
(Gerontology).              accountant. He is a board           Manager before taking         project management.
                            member of the New Zealand           up her current role earlier
                            Aged Care Association and           this year.
                            the Retirement Villages
                            Association.




                                                           25
                             RY M A N H E A LT HCA R E




THE BOARD




            George                               Claire                              Dr David
            Savvides                             Higgins                             Kerr
            BE (HONS), MBA, FAICD                BCOM, FCPA, FAICD                   MB CHB, FRNZCGP
            DIRECTOR                             DIRECTOR                            CHAIR

            George lives in Melbourne            Based in Melbourne, Claire is       David joined Ryman’s board
            and has 20 years’ experience         a director and consultant with      in 1994 and has held the
            in Australia’s healthcare            board experience in Australia       role of chair since 1999. A
            industry. After 14 years             and New Zealand. She joined         general practitioner, David is
            as managing director of              Ryman’s board in 2014 and is        a fellow and past president
            Medibank, Australia’s largest        chair of REI Superannuation         of the New Zealand Medical
            health insurer, he retired           Pty Ltd, and NorthWest              Association and was
            in 2016. George joined               Healthcare Properties               awarded a Fellowship with
            Ryman’s board in 2013                Management Ltd, and a               Distinction by the Royal
            and is chair of Kings Group,         director in the property, health,   New Zealand College of
            Macquarie University                 and philanthropic sectors.          General Practitioners. He
            Hospital, and deputy chair           Claire had a long executive         is chair of EcoCentral and
            of SBS.                              career at BHP and OneSteel          Centercare Limited and a
                                                 Limited before becoming a           director of Forté Health and
                                                 professional director.              Ngāi Tahu Property.




                                            26
                                                A N NUA L R E P O RT 2 0 18




Jo                             Geoffrey                              Warren
Appleyard                      Cumming                               Bell
LLB (HONS)                     BA(HONS), MSC (ECON), LLD             MCOM
DIRECTOR                       DIRECTOR                              DIRECTOR

Jo is a partner with           Geoff re-joined the board in          Warren joined the board in
Chapman Tripp and a            June 2018, having previously          2011 and chairs the Audit and
skilled advocate and           served as a director from 1999        Financial Risk Committee.
litigator specialising in      to 2000. He is a Canada-              He is an experienced public
commercial, employment,        based New Zealand citizen             and private company
and resource management        who is an economist, investor,        director, and was previously
law. Before her appointment    and philanthropist. He has            an audit partner. He is
as a director in 2009,         more than 30 years’                   currently chair of Hallenstein
Jo had acted for Ryman         experience as a chief                 Glasson and St George’s
for several years on           executive and as a company            Hospital, and is a director of
employment and resource        director, having served on            several private companies.
management matters, both       more than 25 corporate
of which are critical to the   boards in a wide range of
success of the company.        countries and industries.




                                                                27
                                      RY M A N H E A LT HCA R E




                                 Our villages


Our villages in New Zealand

                                                              Auckland
 Key
                                                              7     2   2
   Ryman village
   Under construction          Whangarei 1
   Proposed village




           Hamilton 1   1                                                                       1 Tauranga


                                                                                                1 Gisborne
       New Plymouth 1
                                                                                                1   Napier
                        Whanganui 1                                                    1   Havelock North
                         Palmerston North        1

                                                                            1   Waikanae
                  Nelson 1


                                                          4       2 Wellington

                                                                  1 Rangiora

                                                          6       1 Christchurch




                                             2       Dunedin




              1 Invercargill



                                                     28
                                       A N NUA L R E P O RT 2 0 18




Our villages in New Zealand

Whangarei               Hamilton                     Whanganui                 Rangiora
••
 Jane Mander            ••
                         Hilda Ross                  ••
                                                      Jane Winstone            ••
                                                                                Charles Upham

Auckland
                        ••River Road                 Palmerston North          Christchurch
••
 Bert Sutcliffe         Tauranga                     ••
                                                      Julia Wallace            ••
                                                                                Anthony Wilding
••Bruce McLaren         ••Bob Owens
                                                     Waikanae
                                                                               ••Diana Isaac
••Devonport             Gisborne                     ••
                                                      Charles Fleming
                                                                               ••Essie Summers
••Edmund Hillary        ••
                         Kiri Te Kanawa
                                                                               ••Margaret Stoddart
••Evelyn Page                                        Wellington                ••Ngaio Marsh
••Grace Joel            New Plymouth                 ••
                                                      Bob Scott                ••Park Terrace
••Hobsonville           ••
                         Jean Sandel                 ••Karori                  ••Woodcote
••Lincoln Road          Napier
                                                     ••Malvina Major
                                                                               Dunedin
••Logan Campbell        ••                           ••Newtown
                         Princess Alexandra
                                                     ••Rita Angus              ••
                                                                                Frances Hodgkins
••Lynﬁeld                                                                      ••Yvette Williams
••Possum Bourne         Havelock North               ••Shona McFarlane
                        ••
                         Te Aute Road                                          Invercargill
                                                     Nelson
                                                     ••
                                                      Ernest Rutherford
                                                                               ••Rowena Jackson



Our villages in Victoria, Australia

                                                    1 Aberfeldie                 Key
                                                    1 Coburg                        Ryman village
                                                    1 Burwood East                  Under construction
                                                                                    Proposed village
                                                     1 Nellie Melba
                                                     1 Weary Dunlop



                                                          Our villages in Victoria, Australia

                                                          ••Aberfeldie           ••Mt Eliza
                                                          ••Burwood East         ••Mt Martha
                                                          ••Coburg               ••Nellie Melba
   1              1           1
                                                          ••Geelong              ••Weary Dunlop
Geelong      Mt Eliza   Mt Martha

                                                   29
                                                RY M A N H E A LT HCA R E




             Our business model is unique

                                          Ryman’s development team identifies
                                          an area with a shortage of aged care and
                                       independent-living options, and buys a suitable
                                                site close to good amenities.




 The village grows until it is fully                                                        The development and community
built and occupied, and becomes                                                           relations teams consult with neighbours,
fully operational. The capital paid                                                       health professionals, and the community.
by residents moving in is recycled                                                         The development and design teams
to buy the next site, and the cycle                                             1             develop detailed plans and submit




                                                                                                                      }
           begins again.                                                                              them for approval.

                            5




                                          At every stage,
                                           it’s got to be                                                    2
                                           good enough
                                             for Mum.

                        4




                                                                            3



  The operations team recruits village                                              The construction team begins work
 staff and begins day-to-day operations                                             on the new village and the sales and
  at the village. Independent residents                                               marketing teams begin work to
  move in, closely followed by care and                                                      attract residents.
      serviced apartment residents.




                                                            30
                                              A N NUA L R E P O RT 2 0 18




Our business model revolves
around care
Our business model revolves around care.                       Our development and design teams design
It starts with finding the right site, developing              the village to meet the residents’ needs, our
a village and a community, recycling cash,                     construction team builds it, our sales team
and reinvesting in the next village.                           sells it down, and the operations team runs it.




     Looking after our people                                        Developing communities
                                                                     within communities
     We put our residents’ quality of life,
     companionship, and security first.                              When we develop a village, we develop
                                                                     a community within the residents’
     Our culture is to look after and
                                                                     wider community. We make it possible
     support each other. We invest in our
                                                                     for older people to move into a
     people to support their health and
                                                                     lifestyle that directly benefits them.
     wellbeing.
                                                                     In turn, that move benefits the local
     We develop our people and build                                 area as homes are released for other
     our in-house capability. Doing things                           families to live in.
     ourselves means that we’re better
                                                                     Social connectedness for older
     placed to evolve our offering to
                                                                     people is important for their health
     residents. We can maintain quality
                                                                     and wellbeing. Our residents feel
     control, build our knowledge, and
                                                                     connected to their neighbours and
     be more nimble in supporting the
                                                                     friends, and secure in their homes.
     business to grow.




                                                          31
                                           RY M A N H E A LT HCA R E




When we put our residents first,
all of our stakeholders benefit
Ryman’s stakeholders include residents and
their families, team members, neighbours and
local communities, investors, funders, suppliers,
and our sponsorship partners.




     Creating financial certainty                               Sharing our knowledge
     Our business model provides a high level                   Our integrated thinking leads to the
     of financial certainty. For the residents in               best possible outcomes for our
     our townhouses and apartments, it’s the                    residents. Everyone at Ryman is
     financial certainty of fixed and capped                    encouraged to share their ideas with
     fees for life.                                             others in different areas of the business.

     For the shareholders, it’s the constant                    Our institutional knowledge includes
     pay-out and constant growth recipe.                        years of experience and information
     Our aim is always to distribute 50 percent                 handed down from Ryman leaders
     of our underlying profits to our shareholders              who have been with the company
     and to invest the other 50 percent back                    for almost 30 years. We value
     into the business. And so far, that’s                      clear communication and train our
     exactly what we’ve done.                                   team members in communicating
                                                                effectively.
     For the banks, it’s the knowledge that we’re
     not a risk. We recycle capital. We build                   We invest heavily in innovative
     and develop a village and sell it down,                    technology to increase our ability to
     so we can get on with the next one. If                     share and access information that will
     we were to stop developing, we’d have                      improve the resident experience.
     very little bank debt while still generating               We believe it’s a risk not to invest.
     strong earnings and cash flows.




                                                      32
                                          A N NUA L R E P O RT 2 0 18




Identifying material issues for
our business
At Ryman, we identify material issues through              We review and collate the information and
a range of regular communications with our                 assess its effect on our ability to create value
residents and their families, our team members,            in the short, medium, and long term.
and other stakeholders in New Zealand
and overseas.



    Caring about the                                             Continuing to build
    environment                                                  our assets
    As long-term owners, we’re careful to                        Ryman’s two founders invested
    build energy-efficient buildings that                        $10,000 when they started the
    will take us well into the future. Having                    first development. The same model
    400 or 500 people living in one of our                       has evolved to enable us to turn
    villages is more thermally efficient                         $25 million into over $5 billion worth
    than running 400 houses on quarter-                          of assets.
    acre sections.
                                                                 Today, we continue to recycle our
    A Ryman village improves the                                 cash investment and establish future
    environment for people living in                             recurring income streams.
    the neighbourhood. The demand
                                                                 By the time we’ve sold the occupation
    on infrastructure is low. Our traffic
                                                                 rights to the apartments and
    generation is 20 percent of a typical
                                                                 townhouses in a new village, they’ve
    residential household. It’s small and
                                                                 paid for the construction of those
    it’s generally off-peak.
                                                                 apartments and townhouses as well
                                                                 as the community assets and the care
                                                                 centre of that village.




                                                      33
 RY M A N H E A LT HCA R E




Crea
 val
            34
   A N NUA L R E P O RT 2 0 18




ating
l ue
               35
RY M A N H E A LT HCA R E




           36
                 A N NUA L R E P O RT 2 0 18




                  C R E AT I N G VA L U E




  How we
create value
 over time
     Each village we build represents a long-term
 investment in care for the communities we operate in.
   And each village creates a new economic engine to
        support our future growth as a company.




                             37
                                         RY M A N H E A LT HCA R E




Community and care for older people was at the            We constantly evolve what we do but
heart of the business model 34 years ago. Today,          stay true to our business model
using the same model, we offer independent
and assisted living, resthome care, hospital care,        When Gordon MacLeod first took over as chief
and specialised dementia care. We look after              executive, Ryman’s leaders were often asked
our residents no matter how their health needs            about his vision for the business.
might change.
                                                          Having been part of the Ryman family since
                                                          2007, Gordy’s transition to the role was
                                                          seamless. His approach is to constantly evolve
                                                          what we do but stay true to our business model.

                                                          “Gordy’s been very clear that he’s here to honour
                                                          what we’ve always done and to keep moving us
                                                          forward so that the business model continues to
                                                          be as successful in the next 5, 10, and 20 years
                                                          as it is now.”

                                                          David Bennett, Chief Financial Officer


                                                          Everyone is encouraged to share
 We build our own                                         their ideas
 operational assets                                       Everyone at Ryman is encouraged to share
 and recycle capital.                                     their ideas with others in different areas of the
 That’s how we                                            business. And that’s because our goal is to
                                                          keep improving every aspect of the resident
 create value for our                                     experience.
 shareholders.                                            “The board and the executives have unified
                                                          conversations. We’re all on the same team,
                                                          rowing the boat in a way that synchronises
                                                          the oars. The board’s not an enquiry panel
                                                          where the execs are lining up to have their
                                                          homework checked.”

                                                          George Savvides, Director




                                                     38
                                         A N NUA L R E P O RT 2 0 18




Providing integrated care is one                          The demand for our style of village in Victoria
of our points of difference                               is high. One reason is that many couples who’ve
                                                          been together for 50 years are having to be
Providing integrated care adds a massive amount           separated because many of the villages don’t
of complexity, risk, and cost to what we do. If we        cater for people at the different stages of their
wanted to de-risk our business and focus purely           health span.
on the short term, we would build our villages
with fewer care beds. But developing integrated           We recognised the need for integrated care
care is critical if New Zealand and Victoria are          30 years ago because we’ve always focused
to meet the needs of their ageing populations.            on the needs of the residents.

Residents moving into independent living in our
villages are aged, on average, 79. The average
age of residents moving into our assisted living
is 86.

We’ll always have older people who need help
and who can’t live at home. Being able to
provide integrated care is a real strength of our
company compared to lifestyle operators with
only independent-living units and a more limited
care offering.




                                                     39
                                         RY M A N H E A LT HCA R E




We build critical aged-care                              A house one of our residents vacates will
infrastructure                                           already have water and electricity going up to it.
                                                         It’ll be on a road with a bus stop nearby. There’ll
We build critical aged-care infrastructure, for          be a school and library just down the road. It’s a
the benefit of older people, which is otherwise          lot easier for council.
not being built.

Developing our aged-care offering takes                  Our villages create an economic
pressure off the public healthcare system and            cycle of benefits to the community
alleviates funding pressures for district health
boards. Hospitals have limited beds available,           When we develop a village, there’s an economic
and the cost of caring for someone in our care           cycle of benefits to the community. Some intrinsic
centres is significantly cheaper than caring for         value is generated by people releasing their
them in a public hospital.                               homes onto the market. It also takes considerable
                                                         pressure off the public health system.

                                                         We have 11 villages in Auckland now: seven
                                                         operating, two under construction, and two in
                                                         design. When we finish building the remaining
                                                         four villages, 1,600 more houses will be freed
                                                         up in Auckland and we’ll have built another
                                                         1,600 homes.

                                                         Our business also creates value for other
                                                         businesses. The trusted relationships that we’ve
                                                         built with suppliers create considerable value
                                                         over time.

                                                         We’ve got plumbers, electricians, and equipment
                                                         suppliers who’ve been there for us, any time of
                                                         the day or night, for a long time.

                                                         “My business has been supplying the joinery for
The council may not need to build a                      Ryman villages for 31 years. Because Ryman
new subdivision – we do it for them                      grows by about 15 percent a year and doubles
                                                         in size every 5 years, we’re growing at the same
We help solve a problem that councils also have          rate. Today, we operate two factories and
– the availability of housing. When we build a           employ around 30 staff to meet the demand.
village, it becomes home to over 400 people.             We invest heavily in training and bringing
That means there’ll be around 400 houses on              apprentices through the system.”
the market, which helps to solve a major housing
problem. Effectively, the council may not need           Bernie Hunt, owner of Sydenham Joinery and
to build a new subdivision in that area. We do it        Aspire Joinery
for them.




                                                    40
                                          A N NUA L R E P O RT 2 0 18




People are welcoming what the                              It’s a matter of making sure we’re
retirement village model has to offer                      top of mind
People are getting busier in their lives and having        A risk for us in the medium and longer term
Mum or Dad, or both, move in with them is not              would be a reversal in residential property
always an option.                                          prices. We have all sorts of mitigations to reduce
                                                           the impact of that. We’re careful about where
When our grandparents reached retirement
                                                           we buy land. The demographics have to be right
age, not many villages were around, and most
                                                           and the property prices have to be right so that
people stayed in their homes until they needed
                                                           our villages are affordable in the local area.
care. As the generations come through, more
and more people are welcoming what the                     A person’s decision to come into one of our
retirement-village model has to offer.                     villages is usually based on needs. Often things
                                                           happen on the medical front that mean a person
Village life meets older people’s social needs as
                                                           needs more care and support, or they may not
well as their physical healthcare needs. The rate
                                                           be enjoying living on their own anymore.
of depression and loneliness in older people is a
major societal issue. People can underestimate             We keep a good eye on our occupancy rates.
the social isolation and disconnectedness that             Even when we had only seven villages, the goal
exists in the broader community.                           was full occupancy. With 32 villages, it’s still
                                                           non-negotiable.




                                                      41
RY M A N H E A LT HCA R E




           42
                                        A N NUA L R E P O RT 2 0 18




       We’re one                                         “We really are quite busy. We do a lot
                                                         of voluntary work here,” says Murray.

       big family
                                                         “We’ve done it for 5 years. It gives us a real
                                                         interest.” Margaret looks after the raffles
                                                         in the bar every Thursday and works in the
                                                         village shop on Friday mornings.

                                                         They go to Triple A exercises and enjoy
Murray and Margaret Daniels made the move                regular trips with other residents – picnics
 to their Ryman townhouse 6 years ago, and               in the park, days at the beach, and trips to
Murray says they’re now “part of the furniture”.         restaurants and wineries.

                                                         It’s a very social life for those who choose to
                                                         mix and mingle. There are opportunities for
                                                         the quiet life too if that’s what people prefer.

                                                         Margaret enjoys tending the garden outside
                                                         their townhouse. The gardeners do the
                                                         lawns and the edges and Margaret knows
                                                         she only needs to ask if she needs help
                                                         looking after the plants.

                                                         Family come to visit – a daughter, son-
                                                         in-law, and grandson visit on Saturday
                                                         mornings.

                                                         “And our daughter comes one day during
“They call us the early settlers,” Margaret              the week and has lunch with us. It’s a
jokes.                                                   family atmosphere in the village, as well.
                                                         We say it often: we’re one big family.” ¢
The pair had a busy life managing a courier
business until they retired and moved to
their holiday home at the beach.

“We lived there for 14 years. We loved it. But
we were getting to the stage where we were
too far away – 50 kilometres to the nearest
doctor and the nearest shop. So, we decided
it was time.”

They first went to see another Ryman village                          It’s a very social
and were impressed with the way it was
run. Diana Isaac was yet to be constructed,
                                                                      life for those who
but the couple signed up early, along with                            choose to mix and
a friend who now lives just across the road.
                                                                      mingle. There are
In fact, 28 people from Murray and                                    opportunities for the
Margaret’s square-dancing club are now
also living at the village. They’ve made lots
                                                                      quiet life too if that’s
of new friends too.                                                   what people prefer.

                                                    43
                                         RY M A N H E A LT HCA R E




Being Ryman in Australia                                  One of the biggest risks for us in the Australian
                                                          market is the amount of negative media attention
We’ve got 34 years of reputation in                       the sector has had over the last year.
New Zealand, and we’re only getting started
in Victoria, in Australia.                                Ryman supports opportunities for more
                                                          resident protections in Australia such as those
We need to make sure that the Ryman culture               established 10 years ago in New Zealand.
is preserved as we expand into Victoria. We’re
looking now to find the right people and to bring         Debbie McClure is the chair of the Property
them into the Ryman family.                               Council of Australia’s Retirement Living
                                                          Committee in Victoria. She is working with
In Victoria, Ryman has become known as                    our colleagues in the sector to enhance the
a disruptor in the aged-care sector because               perception of retirement villages.
people can see that we’ve come in and disrupted
the market place. Providers in Victoria are mostly        “In Victoria, we were quickly seen as being
in aged care or retirement living, but generally          trustworthy. I wasn’t over here long before I
not both.                                                 started to get phone calls from people asking
                                                          when a Ryman village was coming to their
                                                          neighbourhood.”

                                                          Debbie McClure, Chief Sales and
                                                          Marketing Officer




                                                     44
                                            A N NUA L R E P O RT 2 0 18




                                                             Our agreement sets us apart in
                                                             the market
                                                             Ryman offers some of the most resident-
                                                             friendly terms in Australasia. The weekly fees
                                                             for townhouses and apartments are fixed for life,
                                                             and the deferred management fee is one of the
                                                             lowest in the retirement sector.

                                                             The waiting list tells us that people know
                                                             what they want – whether it’s a townhouse, an
                                                             independent apartment, a serviced apartment,
                                                             or aged care.

                                                             Our agreement is written in plain language.
                                                             The terms and conditions are transparent and
                                                             easy for everyone to understand.
Our offer is affordable for people
                                                             Many agreements, especially in Australia,
Security for our residents is about more than                are dense and hard to understand, causing
looking after their physical safety. As we see it,           confusion and unexpected costs when it
security also includes having financial certainty.           comes time to leave.
Most of our residents come from within 10                    Someone buying a townhouse or an
kilometres of the village. Based on the local                independent or serviced apartment with us
property market, our village living is affordable            knows exactly how much they’re paying and
for people in the local area who want to stay in             what they’re going to get back at the end of
their own community.                                         their occupancy.
When people decide to move into one of our                   They know their fees are fixed for life. They
villages, they sell their house – often the family           know the deferred management fee is capped
home. A portion of that money buys their                     at 20 percent. They know they don’t have to pay
occupancy right in the village. They will have               refurbishment, selling, or administration costs
money left over to give them financial certainty.            when they leave. And they know their fees will
                                                             stop the day they move out.
“We concentrate on making sure that the offer
we have available is affordable for people. We
look at residential property prices in the area
and pitch the offering so that it is luxurious, but
still leaves them with enough of a buffer that
they don’t feel vulnerable.”                                   Our promise to residents
Dr David Kerr, Chair                                           is ‘no surprises’.




                                                        45
                                 RY M A N H E A LT HCA R E




Ryman’s                                                                We’ve developed nine
                                                                       peace of mind guarantees
                                                                       to protect residents and

Peace of Mind                                                          their families.



Guarantees




              1                                   2                                    3

  Fixed weekly fee                  Continuum of care                   Fees stop immediately
 We know how important it           This gives you the peace               You will also want to know
 is for you to have certainty       of mind of knowing that if            that you do not continue to
 regarding your living costs.       the need arises, you can              carry the cost of outgoings
                                  remain living within the village       when you leave your unit. We
 “We guarantee that we will          community and in close                see it as our responsibility
  never increase your base
                                   contact with your spouse or           (not yours) to carry the cost
weekly fee for the entire time
you occupy your townhouse              friends in the village.            of outgoings once you have
 or apartment at the village,                                           left your unit and we are in the
                                  “We guarantee that you will be        process of on-selling your unit.
 regardless of any changes
                                  granted priority access to the
to the operating costs at the                                            This gives us an incentive to
                                  care facilities within the village
  village. Your base weekly                                                 on-sell your unit quickly.
                                    or to another Ryman care
 fees are permanently fixed
                                     facility if you so choose.”
            for you.”                                                   “We guarantee that the weekly
                                                                              fee and deferred
                                                                         management fees will cease
                                                                         on the day you permanently
                                                                              vacate your unit.”




                                            46
                                                             A N NUA L R E P O RT 2 0 18




                4                                                        5                                                       6

Deferred management                                    No hidden costs                                      Repayment protection
    fee is capped                                You will want to know that                                    It is standard practice for
 The deferred management fee                      there are no hidden costs                                   retirement villages to repay
    is your contribution to the                     when you move into a                                    your occupancy advance when
refurbishment and management                   retirement village, or when you                                 the unit has been on-sold.
of the village. It is charged on an                    leave your unit.                                     However, you will want to know
   “enjoy now, pay later” basis,                                                                            that if the on-sale is delayed for
                                                We accept total responsibility                              some reason, you will be repaid.
   and is deducted when your
                                                     for undertaking the
 occupancy advance is repaid
                                                refurbishing, marketing, and                                 “We guarantee that if the new
  to you. If you wish to transfer                                                                            resident has not settled within
                                                sale of your unit. These costs
  to another unit or to another                                                                             six months of you vacating your
                                                 are covered by the deferred
 Ryman village, you will want to                                                                            unit, we will pay you interest on
                                                      management fee.
 be assured that your deferred                                                                              your occupancy advance until it
  management fees will be no                         “We guarantee not to                                            is paid in full.”*
 more than 20 percent overall.                       charge for any sales,
                                                 administration, marketing, or                              Over 30 years, the longest time
“We guarantee that our deferred                 refurbishment (except where                                   a Ryman resident has ever
management fee will be capped                     there is more than fair wear                                   waited to be repaid
 at a maximum of 20 percent of                  and tear to your unit) when we                                their occupancy advance
the occupancy advance – even                           on-sell your unit.”                                           is 6 months.
  if you transfer to another unit
 within the village or transfer to
      another Ryman village.”                                                                                        * Terms differ in Australia.




                7                                                        8                                                       9

      No capital loss                            Changing your mind                                           90-day money-back
    It will be important to you                   Buying your new home in
                                                                                                                  guarantee
and your family that you have                      a retirement village is an                                We’re so confident you’ll be
  certainty about the amount                     important decision, and we                                  happy with your decision to
you are repaid when you leave                   want you to be confident you                                move to one of our villages, we
  the village, and that you are                 have made the right choice in                               will provide you with a 90-day
   not exposed to any capital                     selecting a Ryman village.                                   money-back guarantee.
 loss when the unit is on-sold.
                                                  “We guarantee that if you                                 “We guarantee that if you are
  “We guarantee to repay you                     change your mind within 15                                 unhappy with your decision to
       the balance of your                      working days of signing your                                  move into your unit, on the
 occupancy advance, and that                     occupancy agreement (and                                     expiry of 90 days after you
 the amount repaid will not be                    you have not yet taken up                                 take up permanent residence
   affected by a decline in the                residence)*, then we will agree                                  and you wish to leave the
        value of the unit.”                     to cancel the agreement and                                 village, then we will repay your
                                                 refund your deposit in full.”                                occupancy advance in full.”
                                                                                                                (Some conditions apply)
                                                     *Australia: 21 days of signing your application
                                              form or 3 working days of signing the resident’s agreement.


                    For more information on how our guarantees work, see our residents’ disclosure statement.

                                                                                 47
RY M A N H E A LT HCA R E




           48
              A N NUA L R E P O RT 2 0 18




               C R E AT I N G VA L U E




We do it
safely or
not at all
 Our goal is to continue to increase awareness
and commitment to safety throughout the business
  to our team members, residents, contractors,
              and visitors at all sites.




                          49
                                           RY M A N H E A LT HCA R E




Protecting people’s health,                                  We invest heavily
safety, and wellbeing is a core
value at Ryman                                               in health and safety
We strive to continually develop an
                                                             because we want
organisational culture with safety at its core.              people to go home safe
Providing safe equipment, systems, and
procedures is not enough if the culture
                                                             every night.
doesn’t drive people to do things safely.

We make sure we create an environment
where people feel comfortable and confident
discussing safety.

This year, we have further developed our
processes, resources, training programmes,
and audit tools.

Areas of focus include critical risks, contractor
management, worker engagement, and safety
leadership.




                                                      50
                                          A N NUA L R E P O RT 2 0 18




                                                                         Our staff survey
                                                                         now goes out to
                                                                         our sub-contractors
                                                                         whose insights help
                                                                         us to strengthen
                                                                         our health
                                                                         and safety
                                                                         management.




During the year, we:                                       The future of health and safety management
                                                           throughout Ryman will see continued eﬀorts in
• introduced Stop Think! What could go wrong?
                                                           proactively managing critical risks. Supporting
  – this home-grown initiative has been rolled
                                                           these efforts with conﬁdent, well-trained
  out across Ryman and gives staff a simple
                                                           leaders helps to reinforce this health and
  framework to assess risks and stay safe
                                                           safety culture and maintain consistently high
• rolled out Assura safety software at all our             standards. We are committed to safety as a
  sites and trialled new apps for construction             core value in the way Ryman does business.
  equipment safety checks
                                                           Sharing this commitment with all our people
• reviewed competency assessment and                       encourages more engaging and empowering
  improved on-site training for mobile-plant               strategies.
  operators and safety spotters
                                                           “Over the past year, we’ve worked collaboratively
• broadened the staﬀ survey to encompass                   with our contractors and suppliers on health
  sub-contractors, whose experience, opinions,             and safety. Our leadership teams at the villages,
  and observations enable us to strengthen our             construction sites, and offices have received
  health and safety management practices                   further training on contractor management
                                                           and on leading safety. We’ve appointed
• expanded the health and safety team by                   additional resources for each part of the
  creating additional roles to assist and advise           business to extend our reach and reinforce
  construction and village teams                           clear expectations.”
• continued our education in critical risk for the         Matt Poskitt, Group Health and Safety Manager
  senior executive and senior leadership teams

• achieved the highest possible rating in the
  ACC Partnership Programme – Ryman
  was awarded tertiary status for the sixth
  consecutive year.


                                                      51
RY M A N H E A LT HCA R E




           52
                    A N NUA L R E P O RT 2 0 18




                     C R E AT I N G VA L U E




  A strong
focus on our
 day-to-day
 operations
People come to us with varying needs. Some residents are
  completely independent, still driving and doing everything
 for themselves. Others need 24-hour nursing care or secure
    dementia care. Or they could be anywhere in between.




                                53
                                         RY M A N H E A LT HCA R E




A great resident experience depends                       We’ve been providing specialist
on staff who are passionate about                         dementia care for 20 years
caring for people
                                                          Ryman villages have an exceptional activities
Of Ryman’s 4,700 staff, more than 4,000 work in           programme for residents in dementia care.
our villages. Our teams need to be enormously             We have dedicated lounge carers plus activities
responsive and flexible as they focus on providing        staff 7 days a week, so that in itself is quite
the best possible experience for our residents.           different from most other providers.

We’re constantly looking to improve. We’re                “Our dementia team is amazing. They just have
always prepared, and we’ve got good systems.              something special about them – the way they
When we need to improve our systems, we do it.            interact with the residents and talk to them.
                                                          It’s such a nice feeling to walk into that space.
The risk in day-to-day operations is considerable.        It’s on the top floor so it has beautiful views and
The reality is we’re caring for thousands of              plenty of sunshine. The residents have lots of
residents, and a lot of them are very unwell.             outings. And relatives will take them out into
A great resident experience depends on staff              the garden, or one of our team will. They just
who are passionate about caring for people. We            need to always have someone with them.”
make sure everyone understands our values and             Adrienne Sincock, Clinical Manager, Diana Isaac
that our values are indisputable. The standard is
always: it’s got to be good enough for Mum.




                                                     54
                                          A N NUA L R E P O RT 2 0 18




We use clever design to create
resident-friendly secure
environments
Our dementia areas feature a raft of innovative
design features in lighting, textures, furniture,
and wayfinding.

For people with cognitive impairments, a beige
hotel corridor is confusing. Each of our hallways
is a different colour with distinct visual images
that the residents can identify as they make
their way around.

Bright lighting, low sound levels, and making
good use of large open areas are among the                  We’ve installed emergency power
keys to good design.                                        generators at all our villages

By using clever design, we can create secure                We’ve invested over $10 million in having our
environments that make it easy for residents to             own on-site electricity generator at every village.
find their way around and feel comfortable.                 These powerful hardwired generators keep the
                                                            essential services functioning in a power outage.
                                                            We’re not required to provide them, but we
If we stopped listening to our                              believe it’s important.
residents, we’d lose touch with                             Since the roll-out, the generators have fired up
what they really want                                       on 142 different occasions.
We ask a lot of questions and we take a lot of
notice of what our residents and their families
tell us. We’ve done that for a long time now.

If we stopped listening to our residents, we’d
lose touch with what they really want.

We’ve had a lot of feedback from our residents
over the years about what they like and
don’t like. We’ve got the will and the in-house
                                                                        Our caregivers
capability to respond effectively.                                      answered over
We do regular surveys, and our residents’
                                                                        4 million call
happiness scores are the highest they’ve ever                           bells this year.
been. Our residents and their families are telling
us how they’re feeling in the village, what the
food is like, how the laundry service works, and
how the staff are communicating with them.

We identify areas for improvement, and this year
the survey results led us to focus on improving                         Our generators
the gardens and grounds in some of our villages.                        have fired up
                                                                        142 times.


                                                      55
RY M A N H E A LT HCA R E




           56
                                       A N NUA L R E P O RT 2 0 18




   It’s got to be                                       “We were worried that Dad was going to be
                                                        lonely because he’s the sort of person who

   good enough                                          likes company, and I felt there was more
                                                        engagement for him here. The activities


      for Dad
                                                        programme has impressed me the most.”

                                                        “What really blows me away is how caring
                                                        the staff are and how much they engage the
                                                        residents in what’s going on outside these
                                                        doors. On the day of the Melbourne Cup,
       When Karen Nickson leaves her                    the staff all made a special effort to build
  desk at 3pm every Tuesday and Thursday,               the Cup theme into the day and help the
   her workmates at the bank know exactly               residents enjoy everyday life. It was great to
             where she’s going.                         see the residents dressed up – the women
                                                        wore hats and fascinators.”

                                                        Karen is open about the fact that there is
                                                        nothing easy about leaving a loved one in a
                                                        locked environment. “I was really struggling.
“I tell them I’m off for a wine at Hilda                I had to come to terms with my sense of guilt
Ross!” she laughs.                                      and accept that Dad’s in the best place. And
Karen’s father Colin moved into dementia                I’m confident now that he is.”
care at Ryman’s Hilda Ross village in                   Karen says she recommends to anyone
Hamilton last year. While life has now                  she meets who has a family member
settled into a good routine, Karen is the first         with dementia that they start having a
to admit that the journey to this point has             conversation about care, sooner rather
been hard.                                              than later. “The assessment can take time,
Colin has dementia, and for some years                  so it’s better to start early.”
Karen’s mum Lynette was his primary                     As Colin has settled in, Karen has learned
caregiver. When Lynette became unwell                   to delight in the simple joys of time with her
early in 2017 and died within just a few                father. “We go for a walk around the garden
weeks, life turned upside down for the                  for some fresh air and then I say, ‘Let’s go
whole family.                                           and have a wine’. He and Mum used to do
The shock of the change in Colin’s life                 that, so that’s our routine now.” ¢
affected him more than the family had
expected. Within a short space of time, he
lost the ability to shower himself and get
dressed. “I was in denial and fought what
the experts were saying,” Karen says.

The family investigated the various
dementia care facilities in the Hamilton
area and chose Hilda Ross. While the
beautiful aesthetics immediately drew her
in, what made it really stand out was the
standard of care.


                                                   57
                                           RY M A N H E A LT HCA R E




Delicious goes down a treat
with the residents                                                     We deliver
We deliver over 10,000 Delicious meals a day                           over 10,000
to our residents.                                                      meals every day.
Food is really important for older people.
They look forward to meal time, and the
food needs to taste good and be nutritious.

Last year, residents’ feedback told us that the                        19 of our
meals didn’t suit everyone’s taste. We want to                         villages have
delight all of our residents, so we set up Project                     achieved the
Delicious to work out what we could change.
                                                                       ‘gold standard’ in
We decided if we were going to really change                           external auditing.
our food offering, we needed to review all of
our catering processes and resourcing.

Within 8 months, Project Delicious became
simply Delicious – the name of our new food
offering. Our Delicious menu offers residents
more choice at every meal, including a
vegetarian dish.




                                                      58
                                          A N NUA L R E P O RT 2 0 18




Delicious provides good old-fashioned home-                We constantly monitor our
cooked meals, as well as some exotic new                   clinical data
creations, all made by our in-house village chefs.
                                                           We constantly monitor our clinical data and look
The feedback tells us that Delicious is going              to see what we can do better.
down a treat with residents.
                                                           Three times a year, our clinical governance
“Over the years our organisation has come of age.          committee meets. It’s an opportunity for our
Ideas are tabled and very quickly the best ones            clinicians to meet with members of the board
become reality. Once we come up with a good                to review our clinical indicators – anything from
idea, we really go for it and make it happen fast.”        falls to norovirus.
Barbara Reynen-Rose, Chief Operations Officer              The committee provides a useful sounding
                                                           board for our clinical team. We can draw on the
                                                           collective wisdom of George Savvides, who ran
Ryman has the highest proportion
                                                           a large healthcare insurance company; Dr David
of care centres with the ‘gold
                                                           Kerr, a general practitioner; Jo Appleyard, a
standard’ in care                                          lawyer; and Tim Wilkinson, a professor at Otago
The Ministry of Health regularly audits our                Medical School and a consulting geriatrician.
care centres. Of all the large providers with
15 villages or more in New Zealand, Ryman
has the highest proportion of care centres with            Innovative technology allows
4 years’ certification, which we regard as the             us to record personalised care
gold standard in care.                                     data in real time

We have our own in-house quality and training              We’ve developed our own app that streamlines
team who ensure that all our villages are                  the administrative and reporting tasks involved
consistently operating at a high standard.                 in providing care.
We don’t talk a lot about compliance. We just              The app, called myRyman Care, gives nurses
make it happen so that, to the resident, it                and caregivers all the personalised care
appears seamless.                                          information they need, at the bedside, to provide
This approach has helped us gain the 4-year                the best care for every resident.
certification status that we now have in so                Innovative technology allows us to record data
many of our villages.                                      in real time on a tablet in the resident’s room.
                                                           We can record measurements and observations;
                                                           create and assign tasks; and record the
 Our residents’ happiness                                  outcome of those tasks.
 scores are the highest                                    The data also helps us to identify trends and
 they’ve ever been.                                        patterns in our residents’ daily lives. These
                                                           insights can help us to continue to improve the
                                                           outcomes for our residents.




                                                      59
                                          RY M A N H E A LT HCA R E




It’s essential that we continue                                Our myRyman Care
to innovate
                                                               app engages residents
By August this year, myRyman Care will have
been rolled out to every Ryman village in                      and their families in
New Zealand with Victoria next. Feedback from                  the care plan.
our team is that they’re enjoying working in a
paperless environment and being freed up to
spend more time with residents. It’s another way
we can provide exceptional care.

It’s essential that we continue to innovate with
improvements such as myRyman Care. Writing
up notes on paper was unsatisfactory. It made
us vulnerable to errors and took up a lot of time.

Our myRyman Care engages residents and their
families in the care plan. Our staff can sit down
with them in the resident’s room and talk about
the information on screen together.




                                                     60
                                         A N NUA L R E P O RT 2 0 18




We have endless opportunities to                          The Ryman Prize promotes
continue to innovate                                      innovation to support the
                                                          wellbeing of older people
We hear a lot about how smart technology is
going to revolutionise our industry. We believe           Through the Ryman Prize, we create an
one of the ways in which technology can truly             international focus on advances for older
revolutionise the industry is by increasing               people. Because older people are an often
the amount of human interaction that older                overlooked group of society, our association
people experience.                                        with the prize has enormous potential.
We believe myRyman Care is the biggest                    A prizewinner’s work could benefit the entire
investment in technology by any aged-care                 aged-care sector. We want to recognise and
provider in Australasia.                                  reward those who have dedicated themselves
                                                          to working for the benefit of older people.
As well as investing in the myRyman Care app,
we also designed and installed Never Alone. It’s
a system that uses motion-sensor technology               Making a material difference
to alert us if there’s been no movement in an             to our chosen charities
independent apartment or townhouse over
the course of a day. It gives us another layer            Every year we make a material difference
of assurance that our independent residents               to a chosen organisation through our charity
are safe.                                                 work. We choose one charity and make a
                                                          real difference to it. We connect that charity
Our innovation has wider applications. The                into the villages.
technologies used to create Never Alone
and myRyman Care can be applied to other                  This year, we chose to support charity partners
functions, in other parts of the business.                Alzheimers New Zealand and Dementia Australia,
                                                          with a combined donation of $415,000.
We have endless opportunities to continue to
innovate and make some remarkable advances
with the technology that’s available.




                                                     61
RY M A N H E A LT HCA R E




           62
                     A N NUA L R E P O RT 2 0 18




                      C R E AT I N G VA L U E




Our residents
are connected
  to vibrant
communities
   We bring life into the villages so that people who can’t
  get out and about as much can still experience a lot of life
       and a lot of fun. There’s always plenty going on.




                                 63
                                            RY M A N H E A LT HCA R E




We want our residents to enjoy living with us.
Our residents can see art exhibitions, fashion
shows, music and dance performances, and
enjoy a colourful mix of visitors.

Young parents’ groups bring children into the
villages, and our residents go out into schools
and help children with their reading.

It’s not unusual to find farm animals in our
villages: we have had visits from horses, lambs,
rabbits, dogs, and chickens.

People moving into our independent or serviced
apartments may bring their cat with them. Some
of our townhouse and independent apartment
residents have a dog.

People who have no experience of a Ryman                      Each week around
village can have the idea that we build
impersonal, gated communities. Actually, we
                                                              3,200 residents take
create the kind of community environment that                 part in our Triple A
the residents grew up in.                                     exercise programme.
“The reality is that residents love the village
environment and they feel connected to
neighbours and friends. People in their seventies
and eighties often may not drive. At a village,
they can zip down to the café or village centre,
have a cup of tea, and catch up with people. It’s
right there. It’s all covered. It’s perfect for them.”

Gordon MacLeod, Chief Executive




                                                         64
                                           A N NUA L R E P O RT 2 0 18




Our villages are transformed with
music and dance
The arts are really important to our residents,
so we sponsor the Royal New Zealand Ballet
and the New Zealand Symphony Orchestra.
We don’t just write a cheque; our sponsorships
are a two-way engagement for both sides to
really get something out of it.

Our villages are transformed with music and
dance, and our residents love it.


Residents feel connected to their
neighbours and friends
Our Engage programme offers daily activities
to keep residents stimulated and entertained in
a social setting. There are plenty of events they
can attend inside the village or out and about.
Residents catch the village van to the shops and
go on day trips together.

Triple A (Ageless, Active and Aware) is a fun
exercise programme for any residents who want
to join in. Residents tell us that taking part in the
programme improves their balance and mobility.




                                                        65
RY M A N H E A LT HCA R E




           66
                                      A N NUA L R E P O RT 2 0 18




      Breaking                                         “They put down yellow brick roads and
                                                       emerald cities and used the ballet as a way

     through the                                       to get together and tell stories, dress up, and
                                                       have fun.”


     fourth wall                                       Last year, with Ryman sponsoring the
                                                       season of Romeo and Juliet, the villages
                                                       have been celebrating history and love
                                                       stories. The residents have built balconies,
                                                       had tea for two in the dining room, and
                                                       taken part in quizzes, movie nights, and
        Ryman is a season sponsor of the
 Royal New Zealand Ballet (RNZB). The RNZB’s           a masquerade ball.
  Executive Director Frances Turner says the
                                                       RNZB visits Ryman villages regularly.
  relationship that began in 2014 very quickly
                                                       “Over the last few years, our own super
  became one of RNZB’s most enjoyable and
            rewarding partnerships.                    senior Sir Jon Trimmer has gone out to
                                                       villages to chat to residents and share
                                                       stories about his life.”

                                                       When residents and staff celebrated
                                                       10 years of Ryman’s Triple A indoor
                                                       exercise programme, five RNZB dancers
                                                       joined an exercise session at Bob Scott
“Ryman has used the relationship with us               village in Petone.
as a way of engaging with their people, with
                                                       “The young bodies in the ballet company
staff, and with residents in a whole new way.
                                                       do extraordinary things,” Frances says.
And what they’ve done has inspired us.”
                                                       “The investment that Ryman puts into
What started out as quite a traditional                keeping older bodies moving is also an
sponsorship has changed into a celebration             extraordinary thing. It was wonderful to
of creativity, connection, and movement                have both ends of extraordinary meet in
designed to enrich the residents’                      that celebration.”
experience. The partnership is no longer
                                                       Frances says ballet is part of a lot of people’s
just a case of putting a logo on some
                                                       pasts and a lot of people’s memories.
promotional material and giving out free
tickets to the ballet.                                 “In theatre, you often hear the expression
                                                       ‘breaking through the fourth wall’, the
“Ryman is an unusual company in the
                                                       invisible wall that separates the world on
way they put people at the heart of their
                                                       stage from the audience. Our relationship
business,” Frances says.
                                                       with Ryman has broken through that
For The Wizard of Oz season, Ryman’s team              fourth wall. It’s joined up what happens at
turned every village into Oz.                          the RNZB and on stage with what happens
                                                       in the villages with the residents. And that
                                                       makes it something much bigger.” ¢




                                                  67
RY M A N H E A LT HCA R E




           68
                                       A N NUA L R E P O RT 2 0 18




   Rae’s special                                        Rae enjoys the activities and keeps herself
                                                        fit with exercise classes and walking

   place to live
                                                        around the bowling green. “I did it eight
                                                        times yesterday.”

                                                        Rae’s friends in other apartments take
                                                        trips out to the country, maybe for lunch or
                                                        afternoon coffee. “I like the library here and
   Ninety-year-old Rae Blackmore first came             I can always find lots of books to read.”
   to the Diana Isaac village 3 years ago when
                                                        Rae loves all the music and entertainment in
  her husband Stan was being admitted to the
                  hospital wing.                        the village. “The pianists are my favourite.”

                                                        A highlight of the year for Rae was when
Stan was losing his sight and needed more               the over-70s brass band played at the village.
care than he could get at home. Rae became              They surprised Rae by asking her to conduct
a regular visitor, making her own way there             as they played The Invercargill March.
initially, then supported by her children.              “It was a real thrill. I came back and started
“I’ve got three girls, all with families, and           to cry. I was emotional about it all and
they live nearby. I’m very lucky, I get a lot           thought it couldn’t have been me up there
of good support.”                                       conducting a band. It was lovely.”

The family suggested Rae might like to                  Rae likes to make her own breakfast in
move into Diana Isaac to be closer to Stan.             her apartment and gets specially prepared
                                                        meals at other times in the dining room.
“So, I came over and we all had a look
through the serviced apartments and I                   “It’s easier for me. It’s always nicely cooked
loved it.”                                              and the gravy is lovely.”

Rae’s home was auctioned off in 6 weeks.                Though supported by our team, Rae likes to
“That was interesting – I went to the                   help out with keeping her own place tidy.
auction. It was time to start giving stuff              “I said to just tell me which days you’re
away, you know.”                                        coming because I forget, and I want to
Rae remembers well the day Stan                         make sure I’ve done the dusting before they
passed away.                                            come in with the vacuum cleaner.”

“I had been sitting with Stan all morning               Rae has some advice for anyone considering
and went away to have some lunch. It was                a move to Ryman.
quite strange the way it happened. I got the            “Don’t even worry about it. Just come.
message to come quickly. I ran through the              You have to be on a waiting list, so get your
corridors, and just got there. Our daughters            name on the list. It’s such a special place
were there. I just sat down and put my arm              to live.” ¢
around Stan and he gave me a wee smile.
We were all crying, you know.”




                                                   69
RY M A N H E A LT HCA R E




           70
             A N NUA L R E P O RT 2 0 18




             C R E AT I N G VA L U E




 We care
about and
 invest in
our people
      At Ryman, it’s all about people.
 We care about our people, we want them to
 enjoy the work they do, and we want them to
          get home safely every day.




                         71
                                        RY M A N H E A LT HCA R E




Kindness underpins everything                            We still recruit ‘above the line’
we do
                                                         We’ve got a saying at Ryman: ‘Recruit above the
We believe in treating people with kindness – our        line’. It comes from our co-founder Kevin Hickman
residents, their families, our teams, and every          who would walk into a village manager’s office,
person we come into contact with. We show                draw a line on the wall, and say, “That’s your best
kindness in many different ways – from thinking          caregiver. When you’re employing a new caregiver,
about how we can help others, to having the              recruit above that line”.
courage to have a tough conversation.
                                                         We look for people who have the right attitude
“When it’s got to be good enough for Mum,                and passion for what we do. We can train people
being kind is non-negotiable. I want my loved            in the technical skills, and we often do. If they
ones to be treated with kindness; we all do.             have the aptitude to learn, the energy, and the
That kindness starts with us.”                           commitment, we will invest in people whose
                                                         values align with ours.
Nicole Forster, Chief People and
Technology Officer                                       As Ryman has grown to become a large
                                                         organisation, we’ve been able to keep our
                                                         ‘family business’ feel. This is the result of our
Communication is key                                     commitment to recruit people who are a good fit
                                                         with our culture and who keep our values strong.
We don’t use jargon at Ryman: we use simple,
clear language with honesty and respect.

We have a diverse group of people from                   We’re investing in developing
different cultures and backgrounds working               our people for the future
for us. To work as a strong team, we need to
                                                         We want our people to grow and to become the
understand and trust each other. Positive,
                                                         best they can be. Kevin Hickman took many of
honest communication helps to build that
                                                         our current leaders under his wing and coached
understanding and trust.
                                                         them to success. Those leaders are now doing
We stay close to our people by communicating             the same for our future leaders through support
directly with them. We receive their feedback            and mentoring.
in its clearest and most open form, and act
on it quickly.




                                                    72
                                         A N NUA L R E P O RT 2 0 18




This year, we rolled out the first phase of our
leadership development programme, LEAP
(Lead, Energise and Perform). LEAP helps to
develop what we know are the characteristics
of a successful Ryman leader. By the end of
the year, over 300 of our leaders will have
completed their first year of the programme.

We’re excited about the growth ahead. We’re
doing the work now to make sure we have
the people strength to enable our growth and
maintain our culture. At the same time as our
staff numbers increase, we’re providing higher
remuneration, more benefits, and greater
development opportunities.

To keep up with our growing teams, this year              “We work hard to make sure that as we grow,
we expanded our office space in Christchurch              we maintain our culture. Who we are, why we do
and in Auckland. We are planning to move into             what we do, and how we do it are very important
bigger premises in Melbourne next year.                   to us. It’s what makes us Ryman.”

                                                          Nicole Forster, Chief People and
We do it differently and we                               Technology Officer
do it ourselves
Ryman has always focused on building                      Ryman named the most trusted
capability in-house. It’s part of our business            brand in the retirement village
model. Analysts often ask why we would have               industry
our own chefs and gardeners and designers, and
not get specialist contractors in.                        For the fourth time, Ryman has won the top
                                                          award in the retirement village category in the
We develop and promote our own people for                 Reader’s Digest 2018 Most Trusted Brands
many reasons. Doing things ourselves means                awards. The awards profile the brands that Kiwis
that we’re better placed to evolve our offering           recognise and trust the most.
to residents. We can maintain quality control,
build our knowledge, and be more nimble in                Working in aged care means that there has to
supporting the business to grow.                          be a high degree of trust between our staff, our
                                                          residents, and their families. We’ve spent the
                                                          past 34 years building this trust and we work
                                                          hard to maintain it.

                                                          “We were delighted to win the first time. To win
                                                          four times is testament to the amazing work our
                                                          staff do. As a company that cares for thousands
                                                          of older New Zealanders, I can’t think of a better
 Our most recent                                          accolade to win.”
 staff survey told us                                     Gordon MacLeod, Chief Executive
 that our people are
 happier than ever.

                                                     73
RY M A N H E A LT HCA R E




           74
               A N NUA L R E P O RT 2 0 18




                C R E AT I N G VA L U E




Our villages
are people’s
  homes
      Because we’ve got our own design
 and construction teams, we can be quite flexible.
   We can quickly come up with solutions to a
   complex set of problems. That’s the beauty
             of the way we operate.




                           75
                                         RY M A N H E A LT HCA R E




We design villages that are specifically for             We’re not building ‘cookie cutter’
older people. We think about how we can make             townhouses
it easier for our residents to move around the
village unaided. We think about how we can keep          There’s no one size fits all. Every site has
them feeling warm and comfortable around the             different attributes and so we design different
village, all year round.                                 villages to suit the sites.

We always ask ourselves the simple question: Is          Whenever we bring technicians in and show
it good enough for Mum? Our designers also ask:          them a development, they’re shocked to find
Is it homely – would you have that in your own           we’re not building ‘cookie cutter’ townhouses.
home? If the answer is no, it doesn’t go in. Some        They often don’t realise how challenging the
things are regulatory, but we work hard to hide          work is, how diverse our buildings are.
them from view.
                                                         At Bob Scott village, for example, we’ve got one
 “I was at a business breakfast in Melbourne             of the only apartment blocks in New Zealand
with a lot of aged-care providers in the room.           built on base isolators, as a safeguard against
Because they knew I was from Ryman, I was                earthquakes.
asked to comment on my view of the industry.
I said the thing that strikes me with aged care
in Australia is the language being used.
They were talking about their ‘facilities’. And I
challenged them on that. Actually, these villages
are people’s homes. They’re not facilities.”

Claire Higgins, Director



                                                    76
                                            A N NUA L R E P O RT 2 0 18




A construction company runs
alongside our villages
Generally, people don’t realise we do all
the construction as well. We’ve got a large
construction company that runs alongside
our care centres and retirement villages.

The main difference for people working on a
Ryman construction is they get to see people
move in. They see the construction site turn
into a home. The people who’ve been with us
for a long time feel a real sense of pride.

Around 5 years ago, we were building villages
for around $100 million each. Now we’re building
villages for around $200 million. The returns
are greater, basically double, but the risk                  We constantly look to improve
involved when one stage of a development                     how we do things
is late also doubles.
                                                             Integrated thinking enables us to constantly
Because we build our own villages, we can                    improve how we do things.
mitigate that risk by being flexible in the
                                                             Sometimes our design thinking changes,
construction process. We can speed up and
                                                             and we’ll incorporate new thinking even if the
slow down the process to match demand.
                                                             building is under construction.
We think about the fit of the village in the local
                                                             “A technical ‘draughty’ suggested we flip an
community as well.
                                                             apartment around at the end of a building
“We don’t buy existing villages, we design and               to give a better aspect out to the bush. I was
build our own. That gives us the opportunity to              designing for the sun. Flipping it around meant
create something unique. We have a continuous                the resident would still get sun until about
improvement programme for how they should                    2 o’clock and a beautiful outlook. Sometimes
be built, refurbished, and maintained. Buying and            you can miss this stuff. We definitely encourage
developing your own and making sure they’re                  everybody to share their ideas.”
kept up to scratch creates long-term value.”
                                                             Taylor Allison, Group Concept and Design
Warren Bell, Director                                        Manager




                                                        77
                                            RY M A N H E A LT HCA R E




Finding the site is a science in itself                      We incorporate our neighbours’
                                                             concerns into our design thinking
Finding the site is a science in itself. There’s a
lot of risk involved in building in the wrong place.         Mainly we look at how to avoid shading,
We need to find the right site, the right-sized site,        overlooking, and dominance for our neighbours.
then draft and draw, design, get it through the              We know the demand on infrastructure is going
council, keep the neighbours happy, and build it.            to be low.
When we’re buying the land, we do a lot of                   A Ryman village makes the best neighbour:
research and analysis up front. We look at the               the gardens look good; the traffic is low; and the
demographics in the area to make sure there                  residents are lovely. There’ll be no loud parties
are enough people nearing 70 years of age. No                keeping anyone awake at night.
matter how beautifully designed a village is or
how good our marketing is, if we’re not in the
right area, it’s not going to go well.                       Our construction team is part
                                                             of the community

We have procedures in place to                               We think about our neighbours. A lot of residential
identify and manage risk                                     builders who turn up in neighbourhoods don’t
                                                             need to, because there’s no reputational
We’re good worriers: we think and plan and talk              comeback for them.
to add value to our processes for identifying and
managing risk.                                               When we build, we want to be good neighbours
                                                             and protect our brand. If people have a complaint,
Getting consents through is a risk, and we deal              we respond swiftly and constructively.
with that by having robust procedures in place.
                                                             “We put a lot of effort into communicating with
Right from when we buy a site, Debbie (Sales)                our neighbours to make sure they’re happy
and Andrew (Development) get involved in                     throughout the construction process. At our
talking to the neighbours and anyone else who                Devonport site, we’ve built a safe viewing
might be affected by the construction.                       platform with a perspex window so locals can
                                                             come and watch progress. Kids love having a
David (Corporate Affairs) and Jenn (Marketing)
                                                             look at the diggers.’’
get involved in building Ryman’s reputation
through communications and marketing within                  Tom Brownrigg, Chief Construction Officer
the area.




                                                        78
                                           A N NUA L R E P O RT 2 0 18




                                                              A Ryman village
                                                              makes the best neighbour:
                                                              the gardens look good;
                                                              the traffic is low; and the
                                                              residents are lovely.




We build energy-efficient buildings                         We can do more, environmentally
that will take us into the future
                                                            The reality is the construction industry in
As long-term owners, we build energy-efficient              New Zealand is responsible for more than half
buildings that will take us well into the future.           of what goes into landfill. We can do more,
For all our new sites, we use leading design                environmentally, to offset that.
and construction techniques that are more
                                                            Our villages are already energy-efficient in their
sustainable.
                                                            design. We reduce vehicle traffic in the areas
Ryman meets the Green Star rating in                        where they’re built.
Australia, and all of our villages in Victoria meet
                                                            We’ve signed up to CEMARS (Certified
environmentally sustainable design (ESD)
                                                            Emissions Measurement and Reduction
requirements.
                                                            Scheme). CEMARS supports us in calculating
With the decreasing cost of harnessing solar                and reducing our carbon footprint. Third-party
energy, we’re thinking about how we can                     certification is important for accurate carbon
continue to reduce our impact.                              measurement and reporting.




                                                       79
RY M A N H E A LT HCA R E




           80
         A N NUA L R E P O RT 2 0 18




         C R E AT I N G VA L U E




     An
extraordinary
   curve of
 demand lies
    ahead
    We’re building our capability
        to meet the demand.




                     81
                                                               RY M A N H E A LT HCA R E




The United Nations has described the ageing of                                         In 1936, the birth rate in New Zealand and
the world’s population as “unprecedented and                                           Victoria increased for the first time since the
unparalleled”, and we are only just at the start of it.                                end of WWI. For another 35 years, the birth rate
                                                                                       in both countries continued to grow.
The number of people aged 75+ in New Zealand
and Victoria is forecast to nearly triple over the                                     Most of Ryman’s residents were born in the late
next 30 years. In New Zealand, the population                                          1930s or early 1940s, so we are just at the start
in this age group will rise from around 300,000                                        of this demographic change. The baby-boomer
today to over 850,000 by 2048. In Victoria, it will                                    (people born after WWII) phenomenon that has
lift from around 400,000 today to over 1.2 million                                     been talked about for years still lies ahead.
by 2048.




                                                                                          The number of people
                                                                                          aged 75+ in Victoria
                                                                                          is 40 percent greater
                                                                                          than the number of
                                                                                          people aged 75+ in
                                                                                          New Zealand.




           Number of births in New Zealand and Victoria
 80,000


 60,000


 40,000


 20,000


       0
           1872                1892                  1912                 1932                 1952                1972   1992    2012

                                                            New Zealand                        Victoria

           Source: Statistics NZ, Australian Bureau of Statistics, number of births in New Zealand and Victoria.




                                                                                 82
                                                            A N NUA L R E P O RT 2 0 18




         Population growth 75+: next 30 years
40,000                                                                                                                       1,400,000
35,000                                                                                                                       1,200,000
30,000
                                                                                                                             1,000,000
25,000
                                                                                                                             800,000
20,000
                                                                                                                             600,000
15,000
                                                                                                                             400,000
10,000
 5,000                                                                                                                       200,000

    0                                                                                                                        0
         2006–2011       2011–2014      2014–2018 2018–2023 2023–2028 2028–2033 2033–2038 2038–2043 2043–2048

              NZ ave annual increase in population aged 75+                    Victoria ave annual increase in population aged 75+
              NZ total population aged 75+ (RHS)                               Victoria total population aged 75+ (RHS)
         Source: Statistics NZ, Australian Bureau of Statistics




                                                                        83
                                         RY M A N H E A LT HCA R E




Developing a great pipeline                              The long-term opportunities for Ryman in
of villages                                              Victoria are significant. We want to develop
                                                         more villages in Victoria and prove ourselves
We’re busy getting the next generation of                in the market.
villages through the design and consenting
process to create future growth. By 2020, we             In 7 years’ time, Victoria alone will have a
plan to have five villages in Victoria. Our goal         population of seven million people. That in
is to keep the land banks in both countries at a         itself creates enormous potential for Ryman.
supply of not less than 4 years. And we’re well
on the way to achieving that.

From that point, we want to open four villages a
year: two in Victoria, one in Auckland, and one
                                                           We’ve only just got
somewhere else in New Zealand.                             started on growth.
Our future growth depends on having a solid
land bank at different stages of development –
planning, design, consenting, and construction.
We continue to progress the sites through
these stages.




                                                    84
                                   A N NUA L R E P O RT 2 0 18




                          Our land bank




Villages                  Design          Consenting       Construction   Village open   Final stages


Petone – NZ

Rangiora – NZ

Birkenhead – NZ

Greenlane – NZ

Brandon Park – Victoria

Lynfield – NZ

Devonport – NZ

River Road – NZ

Coburg – Victoria

Burwood East – Victoria

Geelong – Victoria

Mt Eliza – Victoria

Hobsonville – NZ

Newtown – NZ

Lincoln Road – NZ

Park Terrace – NZ

Mt Martha – Victoria

Karori – NZ

Aberfeldie – Victoria

Havelock North – NZ



                                               85
RY M A N H E A LT HCA R E




           86
             A N NUA L R E P O RT 2 0 18




              C R E AT I N G VA L U E




We are in
 a strong
financial
 position
    We are pleased to be able to report a
solid full-year result and excellent progress in
  developing our people and care systems.




                         87
                                          RY M A N H E A LT HCA R E




Our balance sheet is stronger than ever with               Ryman Healthcare’s full-year underlying profit
total assets of $5.8 billion. With 16 villages in          has risen 14.2 percent to $203.5 million as a
the pipeline, we have a strong development                 result of growing demand for independent living
programme stretching out ahead in New Zealand              and aged care. And the company’s expansion
and Victoria.                                              into Victoria is on track with the purchase of an
                                                           eighth site.
Resales volumes at our existing villages grew
by 15 percent while sales numbers in the wider             Ryman shareholders will receive an increased
real estate market in New Zealand were down                final dividend of 10.9 cents per share in line with
by 14 percent.                                             the growth in underlying profits, taking the total
                                                           dividend for the year to 20.4 cents per share.
Ryman ended the year with less than one percent
of its portfolio available for resale. Occupancy in        Increased earnings at our villages have driven
our care centres was 97 percent compared with              the result, as our high-quality care offering and
an industry average of 87 percent.                         unique villages continue to be in strong demand.


Ryman’s performance in the year                            The investments we’re making are
to 31 March 2018 in a snapshot                             paying dividends right now
• Underlying profit up 14.2 percent to                     Our growth will be supported by the ageing
  $203.5 million                                           population, ongoing development, and the
                                                           maturing of our villages. Each new village takes
• Reported (IFRS) profit up 8.8 percent to
                                                           about 6 or 7 years to mature after the initial
  $388.2 million
                                                           influx of capital from the first sales. That’s the
• Full-year dividend up 14.6 percent to                    point where the village matures in its earnings
  20.4 cents per share                                     potential and becomes business as usual.

• Site for eighth village in Victoria secured;             We’ve built 12 large villages since 2011, so we
  target remains to open five villages by 2020             have a lot of potential earnings due to come
                                                           on stream as those villages mature. When you
• New villages in Karori and Havelock North                consider that we have another 16 villages in the
  planned                                                  pipeline, that’s a lot of potential future earnings
• 16 new villages in the pipeline                          yet to be realised.

• Residents and staff happier than ever
                                                                   Total assets ($bn)
                                                            $6.0


  The company’s                                             $4.5

  expansion into
  Victoria is on track                                      $3.0


  with the purchase                                         $1.5
  of an eighth site.
                                                            $0.0

                                                                   2007   2008   2009   2010   2011   2012   2013   2014   2015   2016   2017   2018




                                                      88
                                         A N NUA L R E P O RT 2 0 18




We aim to double underlying profits                       Our answer is that Ryman could be a huge
every five years                                          multinational company, but it’d be a huge risk.
                                                          We want to get everything right so that our care
Looking back on Ryman’s history since we listed           is right for residents, and we want our people to
on the NZX, we have doubled our underlying                be Ryman-trained.
profits every 5 years. Our plan is to continue to
do this, at a steady pace. What we don’t want             It’s up to us to be the best in the market and
to do is put ourselves at undue risk by going             that’s where we want to stay. We’ve managed
too quickly.                                              to do it so far. You’re only as good as your track
                                                          record. The market is very unforgiving if you
                                                          don’t continue to deliver to high standards.
Our growth is sure and steady
                                                          While it has been another good year for Ryman,
Demand for what we do is needs-based and                  there is plenty of work to be done to meet the
growing. We’re planning to keep on growing and            needs of an ageing society.
to do it really well. We’re committed to bringing
                                                          “We see it as a privilege to care for older people.
Ryman to as many communities as we can while
                                                          Ryman was founded 34 years ago with the aim
preserving our culture and looking after our
                                                          of providing the best of care for older people,
residents and team members.
                                                          because they deserve it.”
People from all over the world tell us we need to
                                                          Dr David Kerr, Chair
take our model to their country. And investors
often ask why we’re not developing faster.




        Underlying profit growth ($m)                              Dividend growth (cents)
$220                                                       22.0


$165                                                       16.5


 $110                                                       11.0


 $55                                                        5.5


  $0    2002
                                                              0    2002
        2003
        2004
        2005
        2006                                                       2003
                                                                   2004
                                                                   2005
                                                                   2006
        2007
        2008
        2009
        2010                                                       2007
                                                                   2008
                                                                   2009
                                                                   2010
        2011
        2012
        2013
        2014                                                       2011
                                                                   2012
                                                                   2013
                                                                   2014
        2015
        2016
        2017
        2018                                                       2015
                                                                   2016
                                                                   2017
                                                                   2018




                                                     89
RY M A N H E A LT HCA R E




           90
                                     A N NUA L R E P O RT 2 0 18




  A valuable                                          “The Commodore hotel is a great place to
                                                      work because it’s family owned. Everyone

investment for                                        works together to do their part to create
                                                      the best overall experience for our guests.


  the future
                                                      And it can be just the little things, like
                                                      remembering people’s names. I reckon if
                                                      you focus on the quality of care you provide,
                                                      doing well is a natural consequence of that.”

                                                      Sam enjoys reading Ryman’s shareholders’
                                                      newsletter and feels well informed about
Nearly 20 years ago, Sam Williams’ mother
                                                      what’s going on.
acted on some advice from her financial
advisor and bought shares in Ryman                    “You can see in the photos – staff and
Healthcare for her three children. Sam                residents are all smiles. They’re not fake
says it was good advice, and he now looks at          smiles. Those people are genuinely happy.
those shares as a valuable investment in the          They’re being looked after. They’re having
future for his two daughters who are five             fun. And that’s important to see when it’s
and three.                                            all ahead of you.” For Sam, getting older
                                                      used to be “a picture of doom and gloom”.
“Everything I look at now is with them in
mind. Aged care is a good investment. It’s            “I see it more positively now. Those
only going to get bigger with the ageing              retirement years can actually be some of
population we have.”                                  your most fun years, and I think more
                                                      people now can actually look forward to
“I think Ryman has done a great service
                                                      that time.”
to New Zealanders with their aged care.
Dementia, especially, is something that               Sam adds that the shares are doing really
could affect any of us. Two thumbs up                 well. “As a family, we can go about our busy
for Ryman for the work they’re doing in               lives and have complete confidence that
dementia care.”                                       Ryman is working for us.” ¢

Sam describes himself as “your average
Kiwi bloke with old-school values who
enjoys putting his feet up to watch
Country Calendar”.

“I’m a proud Kiwi and I really like the way
Ryman honours and remembers people
who’ve done great things for New Zealand,
in their village names. I think Ryman
sticks to those old-school values that people
remember.”

A concierge at the Commodore Hotel in
Christchurch, Sam’s been in the hospitality
business for many years.




                                                 91
 RY M A N H E A LT HCA R E




Finan
            92
   A N NUA L R E P O RT 2 0 18




ncials
               93
                     RY M A N H E A LT HCA R E




                    F I N A N C I A L R E S U LT S




The numbers
  speak for
 themselves
    We have a strong balance sheet with total assets
   of $5.8 billion. With 16 villages in the pipeline, we have a
 significant development programme stretching out ahead
                  in New Zealand and Victoria.




                                 94
                                                   A N NUA L R E P O RT 2 0 18




6-year summary
For the year ended 31 March 2018




                                                     2018           2017          2016        2015          2014         2013

Financial
Underlying profit                        $m        203.5            178.3         157.7      136.3         118.2        100.2
Reported net profit after tax            $m        388.2         356.7           305.4       241.9         194.8         136.7
Net operating cash flows                 $m        349.3         322.8           315.5      234.0         238.4         222.2
Net assets                               $m       1,940.5        1,652.1      1,327.5        1,101.3      926.7         734.5
Interest bearing-debt to interest
bearing-debt plus equity ratio             %         35%            34%           29%         27%          23%           23%


Dividend per share                     cents         20.4            17.8         15.8         13.6          11.8         10.0

Villages
New sales of occupation rights           no.         458            600            518         545          436          506
Resales of occupation rights             no.         825             718          690         630           541           479
Total sales of occupation rights         no.        1,283           1,318        1,208        1,175         977          985


Land bank (to be developed)1, 2          no.       5,952         5,554            4,211      4,228        4,208         2,402
Portfolio:
Aged-care beds                           no.       3,367          3,281           3,121     2,807          2,517       2,400
Retirement-village units                 no.        6,414        5,968           5,347       4,792        4,207          3,791
Total units and beds                     no.        9,781        9,249           8,468       7,599        6,724          6,191

1     Includes retirement-village units and aged-care beds.
2   	In May 2018, Ryman entered into an unconditional sale and purchase agreement for the acquisition of land at Aberfeldie,
      Melbourne. This site adds an additional 120 retirement-village units and 80 residential-care beds to the land bank.


                                                     2018           2017          2016        2015          2014         2013

Underlying profit                        $m         203.5           178.3         157.7      136.3         118.2        100.2
Plus unrealised gains on
retirement-village units                 $m         185.3           184.7         151.6      105.7          85.1         50.0
Less deferred tax movement               $m          (0.6)          (6.3)         (3.9)        (0.1)       (8.5)        (13.5)
Reported net profit after tax            $m         388.2        356.7           305.4       241.9         194.8         136.7

Underlying profit excludes deferred taxation, taxation expense, and unrealised gains on investment properties because
these items do not reflect the trading performance of the company. Underlying profit determines the dividend payout
to shareholders.




                                                               95
                                                  RY M A N H E A LT HCA R E




 Consolidated income statement
For the year ended 31 March 2018
                                                                           Notes                 2018              2017
                                                                                                $000              $000

Care fees                                                                                    270,483            227,391
Management fees                                                                               70,087            60,988
Interest received                                                                                441               456
Other income                                                                                    1,528              355
Total revenue                                                                               342,539            289,190

Fair-value movement of investment properties                                     7            351,514          324,966
Total income                                                                                694,053            614,156

Operating expenses                                                                1         (268,040)          (225,573)
Depreciation and amortisation expense                                            2           (20,580)           (14,934)
Finance costs                                                                    3            (16,577)          (10,660)
Total expenses                                                                              (305,197)          (251,167)

Profit before income tax                                                                    388,856            362,989
Income-tax expense                                                               4              (640)            (6,295)
Profit for the year                                                                          388,216           356,694

Earnings per share
Basic and diluted (cents per share)                                             13               77.6              71.3




 Consolidated statement of comprehensive income
For the year ended 31 March 2018
                                                                           Notes                 2018              2017
                                                                                                $000              $000

Profit for the year                                                                          388,216           356,694
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
Fair-value movement and reclassification of interest-rate swaps                 14              (725)             1,790
Movement in deferred tax related to interest-rate swaps                         14               203               (501)
Gains on hedge of foreign-owned subsidiary net assets                           14              2,193             1,102
(Loss) on translation of foreign operations                                     14            (5,502)            (1,392)
                                                                                               (3,831)             999
Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
Revaluation of property, plant and equipment (unrealised)                     6, 14                 –            56,513
                                                                                                    –            56,513
Other comprehensive income                                                                     (3,831)           57,512
Total comprehensive income                                                                  384,385            414,206


All profit and total comprehensive income is attributable to parent company shareholders and is derived from
continuing operations.

The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.



                                                                96
                                                  A N NUA L R E P O RT 2 0 18




 Consolidated statement of changes in equity
For the year ended 31 March 2018
                                                                                       Foreign-
                                                         Asset          Interest-     currency
                                        Issued      revaluation        rate swap    translation   Treasury    Retained       Total
                             Notes      capital        reserve           reserve        reserve      stock    earnings      equity
                                         $000            $000              $000          $000       $000        $000         $000

Balance at 1 April 2016                33,290        176,806             (6,680)         1,356    (15,900) 1,138,653     1,327,525
Profit and total
comprehensive income
for the year                                 –         56,513              1,289         (290)          –     356,694     414,206
Treasury stock movement         14           –               –                 –             –     (4,640)          –      (4,640)
Dividends paid to
shareholders                    15           –               –                 –             –          –     (85,000)    (85,000)
Closing balance at
31 March 2017                          33,290        233,319             (5,391)        1,066     (20,540) 1,410,347     1,652,091


Balance at 1 April 2017                33,290        233,319              (5,391)       1,066     (20,540) 1,410,347     1,652,091
Profit and total
comprehensive income
for the year                                 –               –             (522)       (3,309)          –     388,216     384,385
Treasury stock movement         14           –               –                 –             –      (1,957)         –       (1,957)
Dividends paid to
shareholders                    15           –               –                 –             –          –     (94,000)    (94,000)
Closing balance at
31 March 2018                          33,290         233,319             (5,913)       (2,243)   (22,497) 1,704,563     1,940,519




The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.



                                                                  97
                                              RY M A N H E A LT HCA R E




 Consolidated balance sheet
At 31 March 2018
                                                                      Notes         2018          2017
                                                                                   $000          $000

Assets
Trade and other receivables                                               5      357,483       256,614
Advances to employees                                                     24       5,836         4,884
Property, plant and equipment                                             6     1,014,514     1,013,547
Investment properties                                                      7   4,398,304     3,661,445
Intangible assets                                                                 20,713         8,329
Total assets                                                                   5,796,850     4,944,819

Equity
Issued capital                                                            13     33,290        33,290
Asset revaluation reserve                                                 14     233,319       233,319
Interest-rate swap reserve                                                14       (5,913)       (5,391)
Foreign-currency translation reserve                                      14      (2,243)        1,066
Treasury stock                                                        14, 24     (22,497)      (20,540)
Retained earnings                                                         14   1,704,563      1,410,347
Total equity                                                                   1,940,519     1,652,091

Liabilities
Trade and other payables                                                  9      98,308        149,855
Employee entitlements                                                     10      20,237         16,167
Revenue in advance                                                                51,955        44,702
Interest-rate swaps                                                       18       8,212         7,488
Refundable accommodation deposits                                                 30,757        28,473
Bank loans (secured)                                                      11   1,060,493       837,520
Occupancy advances (non-interest bearing)                                 12   2,514,683      2,137,274
Deferred tax liability (net)                                              4       71,686        71,249
Total liabilities                                                              3,856,331     3,292,728

Total equity and liabilities                                                   5,796,850     4,944,819

Net tangible assets
Basic and diluted (cents per share)                                       13       388.1         330.4




The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.



                                                          98
                                               A N NUA L R E P O RT 2 0 18




 Consolidated statement of cash flows
For the year ended 31 March 2018
                                                                         Notes        2018         2017
                                                                                      $000        $000

Operating activities
Receipts from residents                                                      21    875,140     759,829
Interest received                                                                      515          476
Payments to suppliers and employees                                                (270,231)   (214,028)
Payments to residents                                                              (241,676)   (212,548)
Interest paid                                                                       (14,491)    (10,930)
Net operating cash flows                                                     21   349,257      322,799

Investing activities
Purchase of property, plant and equipment, and intangible assets                  (185,304)    (192,364)
Purchase of investment properties                                                 (269,936)    (314,920)
Capitalised interest paid                                                           (22,701)     (16,991)
Advances to employees                                                                 (952)       (1,477)
Net investing cash flows                                                          (478,893)    (525,752)

Financing activities
Drawdown of bank loans (net)                                                       225,592     293,554
Dividends paid                                                                     (94,000)    (85,000)
Purchase of treasury stock (net)                                                     (1,956)     (4,640)
Net financing cash flows                                                           129,636     203,914

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                 –         961
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                                    –        (961)
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year                                          –           –




The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.



                                                           99
                                                 RY M A N H E A LT HCA R E




 Notes to the consolidated financial statements
For the year ended 31 March 2018


Statement of compliance                                              Measurement base
The financial statements presented are those of                      The Group follows the accounting principles recognised
Ryman Healthcare Limited (the Company), and its                      as appropriate for measuring and reporting financial
subsidiaries (the Group). Ryman Healthcare Limited is                performance and financial position on a historical-cost
a profit-oriented entity incorporated in New Zealand                 basis, except when:
that develops, owns, and operates integrated retirement
villages, resthomes, and hospitals for the elderly within            • certain property, plant and equipment is subject to
New Zealand and Australia.                                             revaluation (note 6)

Ryman Healthcare Limited is a Financial Markets                      • investment property is measured at fair value (note 7)
Conduct reporting entity under the Financial Reporting               • certain financial assets and liabilities are measured
Act 2013 and the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013,                   at fair value (note 18).
and its financial statements comply with these Acts.

The consolidated financial statements have been                      Critical judgements in applying
prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted                       accounting policies
Accounting Practice in New Zealand (NZ GAAP). The
statements comply with New Zealand equivalents to                    In applying the Group’s accounting policies, management
International Financial Reporting Standards (NZ IFRS)                must make judgements, estimates, and assumptions
and other applicable financial-reporting standards.                  about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are
                                                                     not readily apparent from direct sources.
The consolidated financial statements also comply with
International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS).                  The estimates and associated assumptions are based on
                                                                     historical experience and various other factors that are
                                                                     reasonable under the circumstances. The results form
Basis of preparation                                                 the basis of making the judgements. Actual results may
Accounting policies are selected and applied in a way                differ from these estimates.
that ensures the resulting financial information satisfies           The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed
the concepts of relevance and reliability, and the substance         on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates
of the underlying transactions or other events is reported.          are recognised in the period in which the estimate is
The accounting policies set out below have been                      revised, if the revision affects only that period. Revisions
applied in preparing the financial statements for the year           to accounting estimates are recognised in the period of
ended 31 March 2018, and the comparative information                 the revision and future periods, if the revision affects both
presented in these financial statements for the year                 current and future periods.
ended 31 March 2017.                                                 The following accounting policies and notes contain
The information is presented in thousands of                         information about significant areas of estimation
New Zealand dollars.                                                 uncertainty and critical judgements in applying
                                                                     accounting policies that have the most significant effect
All reference to AUD refers to Australian dollars.                   on the amounts recognised in the financial statements.

                                                                     • Valuation of property, plant and equipment – policy (e)
                                                                       and note 6

                                                                     • Valuation of investment property – policy (d) and
                                                                       note 7




                                                               100
                                                 A N NUA L R E P O RT 2 0 18




 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
For the year ended 31 March 2018


Summary of significant accounting policies

Significant accounting policies                                      The expected periods of tenure, based on historical
The following significant accounting policies have been              experience across our villages, are estimated to be
adopted to prepare and present the financial statements              7 years for independent units and 3 to 4 years for
of the Group.                                                        serviced units.

(a) Basis of consolidation – purchase method                         Interest received
                                                                     Interest income is recognised in the income statement
   The consolidated financial statements are prepared
                                                                     as it accrues, using the effective interest method.
   by combining the financial statements of all the
   entities that comprise the Group, being the Company            (c) Borrowing costs
   (the parent entity) and its subsidiaries as defined in
                                                                     Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition,
   NZ IFRS 10 Consolidated Financial Statements.
                                                                     construction, or production of qualifying assets
   A list of subsidiaries appears in note 22 to the
                                                                     (assets that take a substantial period of time to get
   financial statements.
                                                                     ready for their intended use) are added to the cost of
   Consistent accounting policies are used to prepare                those assets until the assets are substantially ready
   and present the consolidated financial statements.                for use.
   All significant inter-company transactions and
                                                                     All other borrowing costs are recognised in profit and
   balances are eliminated in full on consolidation.
                                                                     loss in the period in which they are incurred.
   The financial statements of subsidiaries are prepared
                                                                  (d) Investment properties
   for the same reporting period as the parent company,
   using consistent accounting policies.                             Investment properties include land and buildings,
                                                                     equipment and furnishings relating to retirement-
   Income and expenses for each subsidiary whose                     village units and community facilities, including units
   functional currency is not New Zealand dollars are                and facilities under development. They are intended
   translated at exchange rates that approximate the                 to be held for the long term to earn rental income and
   rates at the actual dates of the transactions. Assets             for capital appreciation.
   and liabilities of such subsidiaries are translated at
   exchange rates at balance date.                                   Retirement-village units and community facilities are
                                                                     revalued on a semi-annual basis and restated to fair
   All resulting exchange differences are recognised in              value as determined by an independent registered
   the foreign-currency translation reserve, which is a              valuer. Any change in fair value is taken to the income
   separate component of equity.                                     statement. The fair value is determined using
(b) Revenue recognition                                              discounted cash flow methodology.

   Care fees                                                         Rental income from investment properties, being
   Care facility and retirement village service fees are             the management fee and retirement village service
   recognised on an accruals basis.                                  fees, is accounted for in accordance with accounting
                                                                     policy (b).
   Management fees
   Management fees for retirement-village units are               (e) Property, plant and equipment
   recognised on a straight-line basis over the period               Property, plant and equipment comprises completed
   of service, being the greater of the expected period              care facilities, corporate assets and land, and care
   of tenure, or the contractual right to revenue.                   facilities under development.




                                                            101
                                                RY M A N H E A LT HCA R E




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
For the year ended 31 March 2018


Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)

  All property, plant and equipment is initially recorded              disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the
  at cost. Typically, these costs include the cost of land,            item) is included in the income statement in the
  materials, wages, and interest incurred during the                   period the item is derecognised.
  period required to complete and prepare the asset
  for its intended use.                                             (f) Depreciation
                                                                       Depreciation is provided on all property, plant and
  Following initial recognition at cost, completed
                                                                       equipment, other than freehold land, at straight-line
  care-facility land and buildings are carried at a
                                                                       (SL) rates calculated to allocate the asset’s cost or
  revalued amount, which is the fair value at the date
                                                                       valuation, less estimated residual value, over their
  of the revaluation, less any subsequent accumulated
                                                                       estimated useful lives, starting from the time the
  depreciation on buildings and accumulated
                                                                       assets are ready for use, as follows.
  impairment losses.
                                                                       • Buildings                                     2% SL
  Independent valuations are performed with sufficient
  regularity to ensure that the carrying amount does                   • Plant and equipment                     10 – 20% SL
  not differ materially from the asset’s fair value at the
  balance-sheet date.                                                  • Furniture and fittings                       20% SL

  Any revaluation surplus is recorded in other                         • Motor vehicles                               20% SL
  comprehensive income and credited to the asset-
                                                                       The estimated useful lives residual value and
  revaluation reserve included in the equity section of
                                                                       depreciation method are reviewed at the end of
  the balance sheet, unless it reverses a revaluation
                                                                       each reporting period, with the effect of any changes
  decrease of the same asset previously recognised
                                                                       in estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.
  in the income statement. In this case, the increase is
  credited to the income statement to the extent of the                No depreciation is provided for investment properties.
  decrease previously charged.
                                                                    (g) Impairment of assets
  Any revaluation deficit is recognised in the income
                                                                       At each interim and annual balance-sheet date, the
  statement unless it directly offsets a previous surplus
                                                                       Group reviews the carrying amounts of its assets to
  of the same asset in the asset revaluation reserve,
                                                                       determine whether there is any indication that those
  in which case the revaluation deficit is recorded in
                                                                       assets have suffered an impairment loss. If such
  other comprehensive income.
                                                                       an indication exists, the recoverable amount of the
  In addition, any accumulated depreciation at the                     asset is estimated to determine the extent of any
  revaluation date is eliminated against the gross                     impairment loss.
  carrying amount of the asset, and the net amount
                                                                       Where the asset does not generate cash flows
  is restated to the revalued amount of the asset.
                                                                       that are independent from other assets, the Group
  On disposal, any revaluation reserve relating to the                 estimates the recoverable amount of the cash-
  particular asset being sold is transferred to retained               generating unit to which the asset belongs.
  earnings.
                                                                       Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less
  An item of property, plant and equipment is                          costs to sell and value in use. In assessing value in
  derecognised on disposal or when no future economic                  use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted
  benefits are expected to arise from the continued use                to their present value using a discount rate that
  of the asset.                                                        reflects current market assessments of the time
                                                                       value of money and the risks specific to the asset for
  Any gain or loss arising on disposal of the asset                    which the estimates of future cash flows have not
  (calculated as the difference between the net                        been adjusted.



                                                              102
                                                  A N NUA L R E P O RT 2 0 18




 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
For the year ended 31 March 2018


Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)

   If the recoverable amount of an asset (cash-                       Cash and cash equivalents
   generating unit) is estimated to be less than its                  Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on
   carrying amount, the carrying amount of the asset                  hand, cash in banks and on-demand deposits, and
   (cash-generating unit) is reduced to its recoverable               other short-term, highly liquid investments readily
   amount.                                                            convertible to a known amount of cash and subject
                                                                      to an insignificant risk of changes in value. This
   An impairment loss is immediately recognised as                    includes all call borrowing, such as bank overdrafts,
   an expense, unless the asset is carried at fair value.             used by the Group as part of its day-to-day
   In this case, the impairment loss is treated as a                  cash management.
   revaluation decrease.
                                                                      Trade and other receivables
   Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the                Trade receivables are measured at amortised cost,
   carrying amount of the asset (cash-generating unit)                less any impairment. This is equivalent to fair value,
   is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable            being the receivable face (or nominal) value, less
   amount, but only to the extent that the increased                  appropriate allowances for estimated irrecoverable
   carrying amount does not exceed the carrying                       amounts (recognised in the income statement when
   amount that would have been determined had                         objective evidence shows the receivable is impaired).
   no impairment loss been recognised for the asset
   (cash-generating unit) in prior years.                             The allowance recognised is measured as the
                                                                      difference between the asset’s carrying amount
   A reversal of an impairment loss is immediately                    and the present value of estimated future cash flows
   recognised as income, unless the asset is carried at               discounted at the effective interest rate calculated
   fair value. In this case, the reversal of the impairment           at initial recognition. Advances to employees are on
   loss is treated as a revaluation increase.                         the same basis.
(h) Operating leases                                                  Occupancy advances
   Leases under which all the risks and benefits of                   Occupation agreements confer to residents the right
   ownership are effectively retained by the lessor                   of occupancy of the retirement-village unit for life, or
   are classified as operating leases. Operating lease                until the resident terminates the agreement.
   payments are charged to the income statement
                                                                      Amounts payable under occupation agreements
   on a straight-line basis over the periods of
                                                                      (occupancy advances) are non-interest bearing
   expected benefit.
                                                                      and recorded as a liability in the balance sheet,
(i) Revenue in advance                                                net of management fees receivable. The resident-
                                                                      occupancy advance is initially recognised at fair value
   Revenue in advance represents those amounts by
                                                                      and later at amortised cost.
   which the management fees over the contractual
   period exceed recognition of the management fee                    As the resident may terminate their occupancy
   based on expected tenure.                                          with limited notice, and the occupancy advance is
                                                                      not interest bearing, the occupancy advance has
(j) Financial instruments
                                                                      demand features and so is carried at face value,
   Financial assets and financial liabilities are                     which is the original advance received.
   recognised on the Group’s balance sheet when the
   Group becomes party to the contractual provisions                  The advance, net of management fee, is repayable
   of the instrument.                                                 following both termination of the occupation
                                                                      agreement and settlement of a new occupancy
                                                                      advance for the same retirement-village unit.




                                                              103
                                                 RY M A N H E A LT HCA R E




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
For the year ended 31 March 2018


Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)

  Refundable accommodation deposits                                  When Group-swap arrangements meet the
  Refundable accommodation deposits relate to                        requirements of cash-flow hedge accounting,
  deposits held on behalf of residents who reside in                 changes in the fair value of interest-rate swaps are
  rooms in the care centre in Australia. Refundable                  recognised in other comprehensive income, and
  accommodation deposits confer to residents the                     accumulated as a separate component of equity.
  right of occupancy of the room for life, or until the
  resident terminates the agreement.                                 Amounts deferred in equity are recycled in profit
                                                                     or loss in the periods when the hedged item is
  Amounts payable under refundable accommodation                     recognised in profit.
  deposits are non-interest bearing and recorded as a
  liability in the balance sheet.                                    Fair-value estimation
                                                                     The fair value of financial assets and financial
  As the resident may terminate their occupancy with                 liabilities must be estimated for recognition and
  limited notice, and the refundable accommodation                   measurement, or for disclosure purposes.
  deposit is non-interest bearing, the refundable
  accommodation deposit has demand features                          The face (or nominal) value less estimated credit
  and so is carried at face value, which is the original             adjustments of trade receivables and payables are
  deposit received.                                                  assumed to approximate their fair values.

  Trade and other payables                                           Hedges of a net investment
  Trade and other payables are measured at amortised                 Hedges of a net investment in a foreign operation,
  cost. This is equivalent to the face (or nominal) value            including a hedge of a monetary item that is
  of payables which is assumed to approximate their                  accounted for as part of the net investment, are
  fair value.                                                        accounted for in two ways. Gains or losses relating
                                                                     to the effective portion of the hedge are recognised
  Interest-bearing loans and borrowings                              in other comprehensive income. Any gains or losses
  Loans and borrowings are initially recorded at fair                relating to the ineffective portion of the hedge are
  value, less directly attributable transaction costs.               recognised in profit or loss.
  After initial recognition, loans and borrowings are
  measured at amortised cost, with any differences                (k) Employee entitlements
  from the initial amount recognised and the redemption              A liability for benefits accruing to employees for
  value being recognised in profit and loss using the                wages and salaries, annual leave, long-service leave,
  effective interest-rate method.                                    and sick leave is accrued and recognised in the
                                                                     balance sheet when it is probable that settlement will
  In practice, this means that Group interest-bearing
                                                                     be required and the liabilities are capable of being
  borrowings are recognised at face (or nominal) value
                                                                     measured reliably. The liability is equal to the present
  due to the repayment and cost of borrowing terms
                                                                     value of the estimated future cash outflows as a result
  associated with them.
                                                                     of employee services provided at balance date.
  Interest-rate swaps
                                                                  (l) Taxation
  The Group enters into interest-rate swaps to manage
  cash-flow interest-rate risk.                                      Income tax on the profit or loss for the year
                                                                     comprises current and deferred tax. Income tax is
  Interest-rate swaps are initially recognised at fair               recognised in the income statement except to the
  value on the date a contract is entered into and                   extent that it relates to items recognised in other
  remeasured to their fair value at each reporting date.             comprehensive income or directly in equity. In this
                                                                     case, it is recognised in other comprehensive income
                                                                     or in equity.




                                                            104
                                                 A N NUA L R E P O RT 2 0 18




 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
For the year ended 31 March 2018


Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)

   Current tax                                                         Any loss on disposal by the Company (for example,
   Current tax is the expected tax payable on the                      when the employee elects not to take full responsibility
   taxable income for the year, using tax rates enacted                for the loan, or leaves before the end of the 3-year
   or substantively enacted at the balance-sheet date,                 restrictive period) accrues to the Company and is
   and any adjustment to tax payable for previous                      taken directly against equity.
   years. Current tax for current and prior periods is
   recognised as a liability (or asset) to the extent that             The directors estimate the fair value of these
   it is unpaid (or refundable).                                       employee advances when purchasing the shares
                                                                       on market. The fair value is then spread over the
   Deferred tax                                                        employee’s 3-year vesting period and taken to the
   Deferred tax is provided using the comprehensive                    income statement.
   balance-sheet liability method. This method provides
   for temporary differences between the carrying                   (n) Consumables
   amount of assets and liabilities for financial reporting            Purchases of supplies by the villages are expensed
   purposes and the amounts used for taxation.                         in the period they are incurred.
   Deferred tax is not provided for in non-depreciating
   assets included within property, plant and equipment,            (o) Maintenance costs
   and investment properties.                                          Maintenance costs are accounted for in the period
                                                                       they are incurred.
   The amount of deferred tax provided is based on
   the way the carrying amount of assets and liabilities            (p) GST
   are expected to be realised and settled. The tax
   rates used are those expected to apply in the                       Revenues, expenses, assets, and liabilities are
   period of settlement, based on tax rates enacted                    recognised net of the amount of Goods and Services
   or substantively enacted.                                           Tax (GST) except when:

   A deferred tax asset is recognised only to the extent               • the GST incurred on a purchase of goods and
   that it is probable that future taxable profits will be               services is not recoverable from the taxation
   available, and against which the asset can be used.                   authority
   Deferred tax assets are reduced to the extent that it               • the GST is recognised as part of the cost of
   is no longer probable that the related tax benefit will               acquisition of the asset or as part of the expense
   be realised.                                                          item as applicable
   Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when                 • receivables and payables are stated with the
   they relate to income taxes levied by the same                        amount of GST included.
   taxation authority and the Group intends to settle
   current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis.                  The net amount of GST recoverable from, or payable
                                                                       to, the taxation authority is included as part of the
(m) Treasury stock                                                     receivables or payables in the balance sheet.
   Shares purchased on market under the senior
                                                                       Commitments and contingencies are disclosed net
   management share scheme are treated as treasury
                                                                       of the amount of GST recoverable from, or payable
   stock on acquisition at cost. On vesting to the
                                                                       to, the taxation authority.
   employee, treasury stock shares are credited to
   equity and an employee advance is recorded initially
   at fair value and later at amortised cost.




                                                              105
                                                   RY M A N H E A LT HCA R E




 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
For the year ended 31 March 2018


Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)

(q) Statement of cash flows                                           Transactions and balances
                                                                      Transactions in foreign currencies are initially
   The statement of cash flows is prepared exclusive of
                                                                      recorded in the functional currency by applying the
   GST. This is consistent with the method used in the
                                                                      exchange-rates ruling at the date of the transaction.
   income statement.
                                                                      Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign
   Cash and cash equivalents comprise:                                currencies are retranslated at the rate of exchange
                                                                      ruling at the balance-sheet date.
   • cash on hand and demand deposits
                                                                      All exchange differences on foreign-currency
   • other short-term, highly liquid investments.                     borrowings relating to the following two items are
                                                                      recognised in other comprehensive income and
   Short-term, highly liquid investments are investments
                                                                      accumulated in reserves.
   that are readily convertible to a known amount
   of cash and are subject to an insignificant risk of                • The effective portion of a hedge of a net
   changes in value. These investments include all                      investment in foreign operations
   call borrowing such as bank overdrafts used by the
   Group as part of their day-to-day cash management.                 • Differences arising on translation of a foreign
                                                                        operation
   Operating activities represent all transactions and
   other events that are not investing or financing                   Non-monetary items that are measured at historical
   activities, and includes receipts and repayments                   cost in a foreign currency are translated using the
   of occupancy advances.                                             exchange rate at the date of the initial transaction.
                                                                      Non-monetary items carried at fair value that are
   Investing activities are those activities relating to              denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated
   the acquisition and disposal of investments and                    at the rates prevailing at the date when the fair value
   any other property, plant and equipment, or                        was determined.
   investment properties.
                                                                   (s) Intangible assets
   Financing activities are those activities relating to
   changes in the equity and debt capital structure of                Expenditure on research activities is recognised as
   the Group and those activities relating to the cost                an expense in the period in which it is incurred.
   of servicing the Company’s equity capital.                         An internally generated intangible asset arising from
   All cash funds at balance date are applied against                 development (or from the development phase of
   term loans as per the bank facility.                               an internal project) is only recognised if all of the
                                                                      following criteria have been demonstrated.
(r) Foreign currency translation
                                                                      • It is technically feasible to complete the intangible
   Functional and presentation currency                                 asset so that it is available for use or sale.
   Both the functional and presentation currency of
   Ryman Healthcare Limited and its New Zealand                       • The Group intends to complete the intangible asset
   subsidiaries is New Zealand dollars ($). The functional              and use or sell it.
   currency for its Australian subsidiaries is Australian
                                                                      • The intangible asset can be used or sold.
   dollars (AUD$).
                                                                      • Probable future economic benefits of the intangible
                                                                        asset can be generated.




                                                             106
                                                  A N NUA L R E P O RT 2 0 18




 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
For the year ended 31 March 2018


Summary of significant accounting policies (continued)

   • Adequate technical, financial, and other resources               The recognition of revenue from care fees is
     are available to complete the development and to                 specifically linked to the day the service is delivered.
     use or sell the intangible asset.                                We assessed that under the new standard revenue
                                                                      will be recognised with this service date, consistent
   • The expenditure attributable to the intangible asset             with how we currently recognise this revenue.
     can be measured during its development.
                                                                      As detailed in policy (b), management fees for
   The amount initially recognised for internally generated           retirement-village units are recognised on a straight-
   intangible assets is the sum of the expenditure                    line basis over the period of service. The Group’s
   incurred from the date when the intangible asset                   initial assessment of NZ IFRS 15 is that the Group
   first meets the recognition criteria listed above.                 will continue to recognise management fees on a
   Where no internally generated intangible asset can be              straight-line basis.
   recognised, development expenditure is recognised
   in profit or loss in the period in which it is incurred.           NZ IFRS 9 Financial Instruments – effective for
                                                                      the Group for the period beginning 1 April 2018
   After initial recognition, internally generated intangible         NZ IFRS 9 Financial Instruments addresses the
   assets are reported at cost less accumulated                       classification and measurement of financial assets
   amortisation and accumulated impairment losses,                    and liabilities, the impairment of financial assets, and
   on the same basis as intangible assets that are                    hedge accounting.
   acquired separately.
                                                                      The Group has reviewed NZ IFRS 9 and has concluded
(t) Adopting new and revised standards                                that applying the standard will not have a significant
    and interpretations                                               impact on the financial statements.
   In the current year, the Group adopted all mandatory
                                                                      NZ IFRS 16 Leases – effective for the Group
   new and amended standards and interpretations.
                                                                      for the period beginning 1 April 2019
   None of the new and amended standards and
                                                                      The new standard introduces a single lessee
   interpretations had a material impact on the amounts
                                                                      accounting model that brings all leases on balance
   recognised in these financial statements.
                                                                      sheet except low-value or short-term leases.
   NZ IFRS Standards and Interpretations that have
                                                                      The Group is currently reviewing the impact of
   recently been issued or amended but are not yet
                                                                      NZ IFRS 16. The assessment to date has identified
   effective and have not been adopted by the Group
                                                                      operating leases that are currently off balance sheet
   for the annual report period ending 31 March 2018
                                                                      that will be brought on balance sheet under NZ IFRS
   are outlined below.
                                                                      16 through the recognition of right-of-use assets and
   NZ IFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts from                             associated liabilities. This recognition will result in
   Customers – effective for the Group for the                        lease expenses being classified as finance cost and
   period beginning 1 April 2018                                      amortisation, as opposed to only operating costs.
   The new standard provides detailed revenue
                                                                      Based on this assessment the Group does not
   recognition guidance.
                                                                      expect there to be any material impact on the
   The Group has reviewed the impact of NZ IFRS 15                    financial statements from adopting this standard.
   and has identified care fees and management fees
                                                                      Many of the Group’s leases have been identified as
   as the two main revenue streams that will be
                                                                      short-term or leases of low-value assets, and will
   impacted by the new standard.
                                                                      qualify for an exemption from the new standard.

                                                                      The Group will not be early adopting NZ IFRS 16.




                                                                107
                                                RY M A N H E A LT HCA R E




 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
For the year ended 31 March 2018


1.   Operating expenses
                                                                                2018      2017
                                                                               $000      $000

Employee costs (see below)                                                   179,555   148,294
Property-related expenses                                                     32,251    28,951
Other operating costs (see below)                                            56,234     48,328
Total operating expenses                                                    268,040    225,573

Employee costs and other operating costs include:
Post-employment benefits (KiwiSaver/Superannuation)                            4,521     3,853

Auditor’s remuneration to Deloitte Limited comprises:
• Audit of financial statements                                                 186        185
• Australia aged-care reporting                                                   6          6
• IT and cyber security assurance                                                10          –

Directors’ fees (note 17)                                                       828       867
Donations^                                                                      315        132
Lease and rental payments                                                      1,577      1,196
^ No donations have been made to any political party (2017: $Nil)


2.   Depreciation and amortisation		
                                                                                2018      2017
                                                                               $000      $000

Depreciation
• Buildings                                                                   6,597      5,309
• Plant and equipment                                                          5,776     3,870
• Furniture and fittings                                                      5,874      4,584
• Motor vehicles                                                               1,020      957
                                                                              19,267    14,720
Amortisation
• Software                                                                     1,313       214
                                                                               1,313       214

Total                                                                        20,580     14,934




                                                            108
                                                A N NUA L R E P O RT 2 0 18




 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
For the year ended 31 March 2018


3. Finance costs
                                                                                                 2018                    2017
                                                                                                $000                    $000

Total interest paid on bank loans                                                             36,427                   25,571
Release of interest-rate swap reserve                                                           2,851                  2,080
Amount of interest capitalised                                                                (22,701)                 (16,991)
Net interest expense on bank loans                                                             16,577               10,660


4. Income tax
                                                                                                 2018                    2017
                                                                                                $000                    $000

(a) Income tax recognised in income statement
    Tax expense comprises:
    Current tax expense                                                                             –                       –
    Deferred tax expense                                                                         640                   6,295
    Total income-tax expense                                                                     640                   6,295
    The accepted income-tax expense on pre-tax accounting profit from operations reconciles to the income-tax expense
    in the financial statements as follows.

    Profit before income-tax expense                                                         388,856              362,989

    Income-tax expense calculated at 28%                                                     108,880                101,637
    Tax effect of:
    Non-taxable income                                                                        (98,423)            (90,990)
    Other                                                                                       (9,817)                (4,352)
    Total tax expense                                                                            640                   6,295


Non-taxable income principally arises from the fair-value movement of investment property.

The tax rate used in the above reconciliation is the corporate tax rate of 28% (2017: 28%) payable by New Zealand
corporate entities on taxable profits under New Zealand tax law.

Total Group tax losses available in New Zealand amounted to $114.9 million (2017: $46.8 million). Recognition of the
deferred tax asset is based on expected taxable earnings in future periods. There are no unrecognised tax losses
in New Zealand (2017: $Nil).

Australian tax losses have not been recognised in the current year. Total tax losses available in Australia amounted
to $35.2 million (2017: $26.6 million).




                                                            109
                                                 RY M A N H E A LT HCA R E




 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
For the year ended 31 March 2018


4. Income tax (continued)
                                                                     2018                            2017
                                                                    %             $000               %        $000

    Reconciliation of effective tax rate
    Profit before tax                                                          388,856                      362,989

    Income tax using the corporate tax rate                       28.0%        108,880          28.0%        101,637
    Non-taxable income                                       (25.3)%           (98,423)        (25.1)%      (90,990)
    Other                                                         (2.5)%          (9,817)        (1.2)%      (4,352)
    Total income-tax expense                                      0.2%             640            1.7%        6,295


(b) Taxable and deductible temporary differences arise from the following items.
                                                            Opening          Recognised     Recognised       Closing
                                                            balance            in income      in equity      balance
                                                              $000                $000           $000         $000

   2018
   Property, plant and equipment                            (46,958)             (5,507)             –      (52,465)
   Investment properties                                    (40,740)             (3,930)             –      (44,670)
   Deferred management-fee revenue in advance                 (1,833)            (10,911)            –       (12,744)
   Interest-rate swap                                         2,097                   –           203         2,300
   Other                                                      3,083                 627              –         3,710
   Tax value of loss carry-forwards recognised                13,102             19,081              –       32,183
   Total deferred taxation                                  (71,249)              (640)           203       (71,686)

   2017
   Property, plant and equipment                            (45,998)              (960)              –      (46,958)
   Investment properties                                    (34,339)             (6,401)             –      (40,740)
   Deferred management-fee revenue in advance                 5,439              (7,272)             –        (1,833)
   Interest-rate swap                                         2,598                   –           (501)       2,097
   Other                                                      2,827                256               –        3,083
   Tax value of loss carry-forwards recognised                5,020              8,082               –        13,102
   Total deferred taxation                                 (64,453)             (6,295)           (501)     (71,249)




                                                            110
                                                 A N NUA L R E P O RT 2 0 18




 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
For the year ended 31 March 2018


4. Income tax (continued)
(c) Imputation credit memorandum account		
                                                                                                  2018                 2017
                                                                                                 $000                 $000

   Closing balance                                                                                108                    96

   Imputation credits available directly and indirectly to shareholders
   of the parent company, through:
   • parent company                                                                                  –                    –
   • subsidiaries                                                                                  108                   96
   Closing balance                                                                                108                    96

		


5. Trade and other receivables
                                                                                                  2018                 2017
                                                                                                 $000                 $000

Trade debtors                                                                                 349,694               251,722
Other receivables                                                                                7,789                4,892
Total trade and other receivables                                                             357,483              256,614


Debtors are non-interest bearing, although the Group has the right to charge interest on overdue settlements of occupancy
advances or overdue care fees. Debtors principally comprise amounts due for occupancy advances and care fees.

Occupancy advances are payable by residents on occupation of a retirement-village unit. Care fees are received from
residents (payable 4-weekly in advance) and various government agencies. Government-agency payment terms vary,
but are typically paid fortnightly in arrears for care services provided to residents.

There is no significant concentration of credit risk as trade debtors are either individual residents or government agencies.
No allowance has been made for doubtful debts in the current period (2017: $Nil).




                                                              111
                                                 RY M A N H E A LT HCA R E




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
For the year ended 31 March 2018


6. Property, plant and equipment
                                                                   Property                     Furniture
                                     Freehold      Buildings           under       Plant and           and     Motor
                                       land at            at    development       equipment       fittings   vehicles
                                     valuation     valuation          at cost         at cost     at cost     at cost        Total
                                        $000          $000              $000           $000        $000        $000         $000

2018
Gross carrying amount
Balance at 1 April 2017              268,837        251,776          447,689         50,281        35,131      9,214    1,062,928
Additions                                1,215       12,498           130,217         7,488        2,085        854       154,357
Net foreign-currency exchange
difference                               (837)         (324)           (4,775)           (26)         (15)        (3)      (5,980)
Transfer from property under
development                           22,445        74,393            (111,946)       9,035        6,073           –          –
Transfer from property under
development to investment property          –             –          (125,034)             –            –          –     (125,034)
Disposals                                   –        (3,199)                –              –            –          –       (3,199)
Balance at 31 March 2018             291,660       335,144           336,151         66,778      43,274      10,065     1,083,072

Accumulated depreciation
Balance at 1 April 2017                     –          (155)                –        (17,995)    (26,374)     (4,857)     (49,381)
Current-year depreciation                   –        (6,597)                –         (5,776)     (5,874)     (1,020)     (19,267)
Disposals                                   –           90                  –              –            –          –          90
Balance at 31 March 2018                    –       (6,662)                 –       (23,771) (32,248)        (5,877)     (68,558)

Total book value                     291,660      328,482            336,151        43,007        11,026       4,188    1,014,514


2017
Gross carrying amount
Balance at 1 April 2016               212,164      253,655           262,861         33,967      32,828         8,117    803,592
Additions                                240         13,764          214,977         16,330        2,318       1,099     248,728
Net foreign-currency exchange
difference                                (80)         (162)           (1,249)           (16)         (15)        (2)      (1,524)
Transfer from property under
development                                 –             –                 –              –            –          –              –
Transfer from property under
development to investment property          –        (1,080)         (28,900)              –            –          –      (29,980)
Revaluation                            56,513       (14,401)                –              –            –          –       42,112
Balance at 31 March 2017             268,837       251,776           447,689         50,281       35,131      9,214     1,062,928

Accumulated depreciation
Balance at 1 April 2016                     –        (9,247)                –        (14,125)    (21,790)    (3,900)      (49,062)
Current-year depreciation                   –       (5,309)                 –        (3,870)      (4,584)       (957)     (14,720)
Revaluation                                 –        14,401                 –              –            –          –       14,401
Balance at 31 March 2017                    –          (155)                –       (17,995) (26,374)        (4,857)      (49,381)

Total book value                     268,837        251,621          447,689        32,286         8,757      4,357     1,013,547




                                                               112
                                                 A N NUA L R E P O RT 2 0 18




 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
For the year ended 31 March 2018


6. Property, plant and equipment (continued)
All completed resthomes and hospitals included within the definition of freehold land and buildings were revalued to fair
value based on an independent valuation report prepared by registered valuers, CBRE Limited, as at 31 March 2017 in
accordance with NZ IFRS 13. These revaluations are undertaken every 3 years, unless there is sustained market evidence
of a significant change in fair value.

To estimate and determine fair value, the valuer made key assumptions that include capitalisation of earnings (using
capitalisation rates ranging from 11 percent to 15 percent), together with observed transactional evidence of the market
value per care bed (ranging from $75,000 to $140,000 per care bed).

As the fair value of land and buildings is determined using inputs that are unobservable, the Group has categorised
property, plant and equipment as Level 3 under the fair-value hierarchy in line with NZ IFRS 13 – Fair Value Measurements.

The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair-value measurement of the Group’s freehold land and buildings are the
capitalisation rate and the market value per care bed.

A significant decrease in the capitalisation rate would result in a significantly higher fair-value measurement. Conversely,
a significant increase in the capitalisation rate would result in a significantly lower fair-value measurement.

A significant increase in the market value per care bed would result in a significantly higher fair-value measurement.
Conversely, a significant decrease in the market value per care bed would result in a significantly lower fair-value
measurement.

Property under development includes land held pending the development of a retirement village amounting to
$258.7 million (2017: $337.1 million) and is valued at cost.

Interest for the Group of $22.7 million (2017: $17.0 million) has been capitalised during the period of construction in the
current year. The weighted-average capitalisation rate on funds borrowed is 3.64 percent per annum (2017: 3.81 percent
per annum).

The assets shown at cost are care-facility assets under development, plant and equipment, furniture and fittings, and
motor vehicles, plus additions since the last valuation.

The carrying amount at which each revalued class of property, plant and equipment would have been carried had the
assets been measured under historical cost is shown below.

                                                                     Freehold land             Buildings                 Total
                                                                            $000                  $000                   $000

Carrying amount (at cost)
Carrying amount at 31 March 2018                                           75,380               312,216             387,596

Carrying amount (at cost)
Carrying amount at 31 March 2017                                           52,557              235,355               287,912




                                                             113
                                                 RY M A N H E A LT HCA R E




 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
For the year ended 31 March 2018


7.   Investment properties
                                                                                                   2018                  2017
                                                                                                  $000                  $000

At fair value
Balance at beginning of financial year                                                        3,661,445           2,996,305

Additions                                                                                       391,221             342,869
Fair-value movement:
Realised fair-value movement:
• new retirement-village units                                                                  58,955               62,959
• existing retirement-village units                                                             107,233               77,286
                                                                                                166,188              140,245
Unrealised fair-value movement                                                                 185,326                184,721
                                                                                                351,514             324,966

Net foreign-currency exchange differences                                                        (5,876)              (2,695)

Net movement for the year                                                                      736,859               665,140

Balance at end of financial year                                                            4,398,304             3,661,445


The realised fair-value movement arises from the sale and resale of occupancy advances to residents. Investment
properties are not depreciated and are fair valued. As the fair value of investment property is determined using inputs
that are unobservable, the Group has categorised investment property as Level 3 under the fair-value hierarchy in line
with NZ IFRS 13 – Fair Value Measurements.

The carrying value of completed investment property is the fair value as determined by an independent valuation report
prepared by registered valuers CBRE Limited, at 31 March 2018. This report combines discounted future cash flows and
occupancy advances received from residents for retirement-village units that are complete or nearing completion, for
which there is an unconditional agreement to occupy.

The valuer used significant assumptions that include long-term house-price inflation (ranging from 0.5 percent to
3.5 percent nominal) (2017: 1 percent to 3 percent) and discount rate (ranging from 12 percent to 16 percent) (2017:
12 percent to 16 percent). Other unobservable inputs used in the fair-value measurement of the Group’s investment
property portfolio include the average age of residents and the occupancy period.

A significant decrease in the discount rate or the unit occupancy period would result in a significantly higher fair-value
measurement. Conversely, a significant increase in the discount rate or the unit occupancy period would result in a
significantly lower fair-value measurement.

A significant increase in the average age of entry of residents or the long-term nominal house-price inflation rate would
result in a significantly higher fair-value measurement. Conversely, a significant decrease in the average age of entry of
residents or the long-term nominal house-price inflation rate would result in a significantly lower fair-value measurement.

Investment property includes investment property work in progress of $252.9 million (2017: $186.5 million), which has been
valued at cost.

The CBRE valuation also includes within its forecast cash flows the Group’s expected costs relating to rebuild works at
Malvina Major. The estimate of the gross cash outflows included for remediation works is $17.5m over an 18-month period.
The estimates are based on currently available information.


                                                             114
                                                   A N NUA L R E P O RT 2 0 18




 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
For the year ended 31 March 2018


7.   Investment properties (continued)
Operating expenses
Direct operating expenses arising from investment property that generated income from management fees during the
period amounted to $4.8 million (2017: $4.2 million). All investment property generated income from management fees
during the period for the Group, except for investment property work in progress.

Security
Residents make interest-free advances (occupancy advances) to the retirement villages in exchange for the right of
occupancy to retirement-village units. Under the terms of the occupancy agreement, the resident receives a unit title for
life and a first mortgage over the residual interest for security purposes, or a first mortgage is held over the individual title
by the statutory supervisor.


8. Bank overdraft
The bank overdraft facilities are secured by a general security agreement and mortgages over the freehold land
and buildings of the Group in the same manner as the bank loans (note 11). The interest rate on all overdraft facilities
at 31 March 2018 was 10.05% (2017: 10.05%).


9. Trade and other payables
                                                                                                       2018                  2017
                                                                                                      $000                  $000

Trade payables                                                                                      48,663                45,467
Other payables                                                                                      49,645               104,388
Total trade and other payables                                                                     98,308                149,855


Trade payables are typically paid within 30 days of the invoice date or on the 20th of the month following the invoice date.
Other payables at 31 March 2018 includes $45.5 million (2017: $95.6 million) for the purchase of land.


10. Employee entitlements
                                                                                                       2018                  2017
                                                                                                      $000                  $000

Holiday-pay accrual and other benefits                                                              20,237                  16,167




                                                                115
                                                RY M A N H E A LT HCA R E




 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
For the year ended 31 March 2018


11. Borrowings
                                                                                                 2018                 2017
                                                                                                $000                 $000

Bank loans (secured) – NZD                                                                   880,007               744,614
Bank loans (secured) – AUD in NZD                                                             180,486              92,906
Total bank loans (secured)                                                                 1,060,493              837,520

Less than 1 year                                                                               14,007                17,614
Within 1 – 5 years                                                                          1,046,486              819,906

Average interest rates – NZD                                                                    3.72%               3.40%
Average interest rates – AUD                                                                   3.80%                 3.35%


The bank loans are secured by a general security agreement over the parent and subsidiary companies and supported
by first mortgages over the freehold land and buildings (excluding retirement-village unit titles provided as security to
residents – note 7).

The subsidiary companies listed at note 22 have all provided guarantees for the Group’s secured loans as parties to the
general security agreement.

The average interest rates disclosed above exclude the impact of interest-rate swap agreements described in note 18.

Full payment terms are disclosed in note 18.


12. Occupancy advances (non-interest bearing)
                                                                                                 2018                 2017
                                                                                                $000                 $000

Gross occupancy advances (see below)                                                        2,836,314            2,407,644
Less management fees and resident loans                                                       (321,631)           (270,370)
Closing balance                                                                            2,514,683             2,137,274

Movement in gross occupancy advances
Opening balance                                                                            2,407,644             2,081,386
Plus net increases in occupancy advances:
• new retirement-village units                                                               307,282              263,282
• existing retirement-village units.                                                          107,233               77,286

Net foreign-currency exchange differences                                                      (4,457)               (2,189)

Increase/(decrease) in occupancy advance receivables                                            18,612               (12,121)
Closing balance                                                                            2,836,314            2,407,644


Gross occupancy advances are non-interest bearing.




                                                            116
                                                A N NUA L R E P O RT 2 0 18




 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
For the year ended 31 March 2018


13. Share capital
Issued and paid-up capital consists of 500,000,000 fully paid ordinary shares (2017: 500,000,000) less treasury stock
of 2,477,076 shares (2017: 2,320,851 shares) (note 24). All shares rank equally in all respects.

Basic and diluted earnings and net tangible assets per share have been calculated on the basis of 500,000,000 ordinary
shares (2017: 500,000,000 shares). Net tangible assets are represented by net equity.

Shares purchased on market under the senior management share scheme (note 24) are treated as treasury stock until
vesting to the employee.


14. Reserves
                                                                                              2018                2017
                                                                                             $000                 $000

Asset revaluation reserve
Opening balance                                                                            233,319             176,806
Revaluation                                                                                      –              56,513
Closing balance                                                                           233,319              233,319

Interest-rate swap reserve
Opening balance                                                                              (5,391)            (6,680)
Valuation of interest-rate swap                                                             (3,576)               (290)
Released to income statement                                                                 2,851               2,080
Deferred tax movement on interest-rate swap reserve                                           203                 (501)
Closing balance                                                                             (5,913)             (5,391)

Treasury stock
Opening balance                                                                           (20,540)             (15,900)
Acquisitions                                                                                (9,420)              (9,421)
Vesting/forfeiture of shares                                                                 7,463                4,781
Closing balance                                                                           (22,497)            (20,540)

Foreign currency translation reserve
Opening balance                                                                              1,066                1,356
Gain on hedge of foreign-owned subsidiary net assets                                         2,193                1,102
(Loss) on translation of net assets of foreign-owned subsidiary                             (5,502)              (1,392)
Closing balance                                                                             (2,243)              1,066

Retained earnings
Opening balance                                                                           1,410,347           1,138,653
Net profit attributable to shareholders                                                    388,216            356,694
Dividends paid                                                                            (94,000)             (85,000)
Closing balance                                                                         1,704,563            1,410,347




                                                             117
                                                 RY M A N H E A LT HCA R E




 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
For the year ended 31 March 2018


15. Dividends
                                                        2018                  2018                 2017                     2017
                                                       Cents                 Total                Cents                 Total
                                                    per share                $000              per share                $000

Recognised amounts
Final dividend paid – prior year                        9.30              46,500                   8.50               42,500
Interim dividend paid – current year                    9.50               47,500                  8.50               42,500
                                                                          94,000                                     85,000
Unrecognised amounts
Final dividend – current year                          10.90              54,500                   9.30              46,500

Full-year dividend – current year                     20.40              102,000                  17.80              89,000



16. Related-party transactions

Parent company
The parent entity in the Group is Ryman Healthcare Limited.

Equity interests in related parties
Details of the percentage of ordinary shares held in subsidiaries are disclosed in note 22.

Salaries and consulting fees paid to directors
Payments to directors are disclosed in note 17.

Transactions with companies associated to directors
                                                                                                   2018                     2017
                                                                                                  $000                  $000

Rental expense                                                                                    1,089                     875

In August 2012, Ryman Healthcare Limited entered into a new office lease agreement with Airport Business Park
Christchurch Limited (the Airport Business Park).

Kevin Hickman has a significant financial interest in this agreement through a trust that is a shareholder of the Airport
Business Park. Mr Hickman is also a director of the Airport Business Park.

Key terms of the agreement have been amended effective from 1 August 2017 with rental of $970,087 per annum
(excluding GST) for the remainder of the 8-year term ending July 2020, with a 2-year right of renewal (2017: $985,730
for 8 years, with a 2-year right of renewal). Extra car park spaces are additional to this agreement.

Warren Bell is a trustee of certain Airport Business Park shareholders, but has no personal financial interest.




                                                                118
                                                 A N NUA L R E P O RT 2 0 18




 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
For the year ended 31 March 2018


17. Key management personnel compensation
                                                                                                    2018                  2017
                                                                                                   $000                  $000

Compensation
Short-term employee benefits (senior management team)                                             4,495                 3,895
Salary to managing director (resigned June 2017)                                                    844                   1,116
Directors’ fees                                                                                     828                   867
Total key management personnel and directors’ compensation                                         6,167                5,878


Key management personnel are the senior management team of the Group and include the chief executive and nine
senior management team members at 31 March 2018 (2017: 10 excluding the managing director). In April 2018, the senior
management team was restructured. This restructure created the senior executive team and reduced the number of
members in the senior leadership group to seven (from 10). The short-term employee benefits detailed above are those
of the 10 members of the senior management team in place at 31 March 2018.

In addition, NZ IAS 24 Related Party Disclosures requires directors’ fees to be included within key management personnel
compensation. All directors are non-executive and are not involved in the day-to-day operations of the Group (2017: all
directors except the managing director). Directors’ fees above exclude remuneration paid to the managing director in
2017 and 2018.

Post-employment benefits (KiwiSaver/Superannuation) employer contributions included in short-term employee benefits
(senior management team) above is $110,881 and included in the salary to the managing director is $62,909 (2017: $94,521
and included in the salary to the managing director in 2017: $32,513).

In addition, the Company provides certain senior employees (2017: including the managing director) with limited recourse
loans on an interest-free basis to support employees’ participation in the Company share scheme (note 24).

Simon Challies, the managing director, resigned with effect from 30 June 2017. The salary and bonuses paid to the outgoing
managing director during the period to 30 June 2017 totalled $0.84 million. This was made up of salary $0.19 million, annual
leave $0.26 million, short-term incentives $0.33 million, and KiwiSaver $0.06 million. In addition to the compensation
detailed above, Simon Challies, following his resignation, received additional payments totalling $1.32 million including in his
role as an advisor to the board.




                                                              119
                                                  RY M A N H E A LT HCA R E




 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
For the year ended 31 March 2018


18. Financial instruments
The financial instruments consist of cash and cash equivalents, trade and other receivables, trade and other payables,
occupancy advances, refundable accommodation deposits, employee advances, loans, overdrafts, and interest-rate swaps.

Categories of financial instruments
                                                                                                      2018                   2017
                                                                                                     $000                   $000

Financial assets
Loans and receivables                                                                             363,319                261,498
                                                                                                  363,319               261,498

Financial liabilities
Amortised cost                                                                                   3,704,241              3,153,122
Derivative instruments in designated hedge accounting relationships
(interest-rate swaps)                                                                                8,212                 7,488
                                                                                                3,712,453              3,160,610

(a) Credit risk management
   Credit risk is the risk of the failure of a debtor or counterparty to honour its contractual obligation resulting in financial
   loss to the Group.

   Financial assets, which potentially subject the Group to credit risk, consist principally of cash and cash equivalents,
   trade and other receivables, and advances to employees. The maximum credit risk at 31 March 2018 is the fair value
   of these assets. The Group’s cash equivalents are placed with high-credit, quality financial institutions. The Group does
   not require collateral from its debtors.

   The directors consider the Group’s exposure to any concentration of credit risk to be minimal, given that (typically):

   • the occupation of a retirement-village unit does not take place until an occupation advance has been received

   • care fees are payable 4-weekly in advance when due from residents

   • care fees not due from residents are paid by government agencies.

   The total credit risk to the Group at 31 March 2018 was $363.3 million (2017: $261.5 million) and there were no material
   overdue debtors at 31 March 2018 (2017: $Nil). The composition of financial assets is shown in the table below.

                                                                                                      2018                   2017
                                                                                                     $000                   $000

   Trade and other receivables                                                                    357,483                256,614
   Advances to employees                                                                             5,836                 4,884
                                                                                                  363,319               261,498




                                                               120
                                                  A N NUA L R E P O RT 2 0 18




 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
For the year ended 31 March 2018


18. Financial instruments (continued)
(b) Interest-rate risk
   The interest rate applicable to the bank overdraft is variable. The interest rates applicable to the bank loans are
   reviewed at each 3-monthly rollover. The Group seeks to obtain the most competitive interest rate at all times.

   The Group has entered into an interest-rate swap agreement to provide an effective cash-flow hedge against floating
   interest-rate variability on a defined portion of core Group debt.

   At 31 March 2018, the Group had several interest-rate swaps in place, which are set out in the table below. The agreement
   effectively changes the Group’s interest-rate exposure on the principal of $120.0 million (2017: $120.0 million) from a
   floating rate to a fixed rate of 4.26% (2017: 4.32%).

   The fair value of the swaps at 31 March 2018 was a liability of $8.2 million (2017: liability of $7.5 million). The interest-rate
   swaps cover notional debt amounts for a term of 5 years at a composite interest rate of 4.26% (2017: 4.32%).

   No interest-rate swaps have been taken out for the Australian dollar borrowings.

   The balance of the interest-rate swap reserve is expected to be released to the income statement over the maturity
   profile of the underlying debt as detailed in the table below. At the end of the reporting period, the fair value of interest-
   rate swaps is determined by discounting the future cash flows using the yield curves at the end of the reporting period
   and the credit risk inherent in the contract.

   The notional amortising principal amounts and remaining terms of interest-rate swap contracts outstanding at 31 March
   are shown below.

   Cash-flow hedges
                                             Average contracted fixed-interest rate             Notional principal amount
                                                          2018                   2017                  2018                    2017
                                                             %                        %               $000                    $000

   Outstanding
   Less than 1 year                                     4.26%                  4.32%               120,000                  120,000
   1 to 2 years                                         4.26%                  4.32%                110,000                 117,500
   2 to 3 years                                         4.26%                  4.32%                110,000                 110,000
   3 to 4 years                                         4.26%                  4.32%                90,000                105,000
   4 to 5 years                                         4.26%                  4.32%                90,000                  90,000




                                                                 121
                                                  RY M A N H E A LT HCA R E




 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
For the year ended 31 March 2018


18. Financial instruments (continued)
(c) Liquidity risk
   Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will not be able to meet its financial obligations as they fall due. Without incurring
   unacceptable losses or risking reputational damage, the Group manages liquidity to ensure that it has sufficient
   liquidity to meet its liabilities when due. This includes under both normal and stressed conditions.

   The Group manages the liquidity risk on occupancy advances through the contractual requirements in the
   occupation agreement.

   Following termination of the agreement, in New Zealand the occupancy advance is repaid at the earlier of:

   • receipt of the new occupancy advance from the incoming resident

   • at the end of 3 years.

   Following termination of the agreement, in Australia the occupancy advance is repaid at the earlier of:

   • 14 days after a new resident takes up residence

   • receipt of the new occupancy advance from the incoming resident

   • at the end of 6 months.

   Ultimate responsibility for liquidity risk management rests with the directors, who have built an appropriate liquidity
   risk management framework for the management of the Group’s short, medium, and long-term funding and liquidity
   management requirements.

   The Group manages liquidity risk by maintaining adequate reserves, banking facilities, and reserve borrowing facilities,
   and by regularly monitoring forecast and actual cash flows and the maturity profiles of financial assets and liabilities.

   At balance date, the Group had $239.5 million (2017: $165.3 million) of undrawn facilities at its disposal to further
   reduce liquidity risk.

   Maturity profile
   The following table details the Group’s exposure to liquidity risk (including contractual interest obligations for bank loans).

                                                                       Contractual maturity dates
                                                     2018                                                     2017
                                                            Greater                                                   Greater
                                     On     Less than           than                    On      Less than                 than
                                 demand        1 year         1 year          Total demand         1 year               1 year        Total
                                    $000        $000          $000           $000      $000           $000              $000         $000

   Financial liabilities:
   Trade and other payables             –     98,308              –        98,308           –       149,855                 –      149,855
   Interest-rate swaps                  –       8,212             –          8,212          –         7,488                 –        7,488
   Refundable
   accommodation deposits         30,757            –             –         30,757    28,473             –                  –       28,473
   Bank loans (secured)                 –     23,358     1,046,487 1,069,845                –        22,510          820,356      842,866
   Occupancy advances
   (non-interest bearing)               –    315,460     2,199,223       2,514,683          –       259,927      1,877,347        2,137,274
                                  30,757 445,338        3,245,710 3,721,805          28,473     439,780         2,697,703        3,165,956




                                                               122
                                                    A N NUA L R E P O RT 2 0 18




 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
For the year ended 31 March 2018


18. Financial instruments (continued)
   Gross occupancy advances and refundable accommodation deposits are non-interest bearing.

   The above figures have been calculated on the anticipated level of occupancy advance repayments based on historical
   experience. To date, new occupancy advances received have always exceeded repaid occupancy advances (net of
   management fees), and represent a positive net operating cash flow to the Group.

   The Group maintains the following lines of credit.

   • $2.8 million (2017: $2.8 million) overdraft facility that is secured. Interest would be payable at the 3-month BKBM rate,
     plus a specified margin (note 8).

   • A loan facility of $1.3 billion (2017: $1.0 billion), of which $35.0 million (2017: $35.0 million) is for 1 year, $316.25 million
     (2017: $965.0 million) is for 3 years, $632.5 million (2017: $0.0 million) is for 4 years, and $316.25 million (2017: $0.0 million)
     is for 5 years.

   • In 2018, the loan facility of $1.3 billion is provided by ANZ Bank New Zealand Ltd ($315.0 million), Commonwealth
     Bank of Australia ($305.0 million), Bank of New Zealand / National Australia Bank ($300.0 million), Westpac
     ($255.0 million), and MUFG, previously the Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi, ($125.0 million) under the terms of a syndicated
     loan agreement. The facility allows for the funds to be drawn down in either AUD or NZD, up to the $1.3 billion
     NZD limit.

   • In 2017, the loan facility of $1.0 billion was provided by ANZ Bank New Zealand Ltd ($280.0 million), Commonwealth
     Bank of Australia ($280.0 million), Bank of New Zealand / National Australia Bank ($245.0 million), and Westpac
     ($195.0 million) under the terms of a syndicated loan agreement.

   The Group renews its facilities annually to ensure an appropriate portion matures on a rolling 3, 4, and 5-year basis.

(d) Fair values
   The carrying amounts of financial instruments in the Group’s balance sheet are the same as their fair value in all
   material aspects, due to the demand features of these instruments and/or their interest-rate profiles.

   The fair value of interest-rate swaps is derived using inputs supplied by third parties that are observable, either directly
   (prices) or indirectly (derived from prices). The Group has therefore categorised these liabilities as Level 2 under the
   fair-value hierarchy contained within NZ IFRS 13.

(e) Market risk
   The Group is primarily exposed to interest-rate risk (note 18 (b)) and foreign-currency risk (note 18 (f)).

   Based on the Group’s average net level of interest-bearing debt, the Group’s profit and total comprehensive income for
   the year ended 31 March 2018 would not change materially if there was a movement of plus/(minus) 50 basis points.

(f) Foreign-currency risk
   Foreign-currency risk is the risk that the value of the Group’s assets, liabilities, and financial performance will fluctuate
   due to changes in foreign-currency rates.

   The Group is primarily exposed to currency risk as a result of its subsidiaries in Australia.

   The risk to the Group is that the value of the overseas subsidiaries’ financial position and financial performance
   will fluctuate in economic terms and, as recorded in the consolidated accounts, due to changes in the overseas
   exchange rates.




                                                                 123
                                                 RY M A N H E A LT HCA R E




 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
For the year ended 31 March 2018


18. Financial instruments (continued)
   The Group’s profit and total comprehensive income for the year ended 31 March 2018 would not change materially by a
   movement of plus/(minus) 1 cent in AUD/NZD.

   The Group hedges the currency risk relating to its Australian subsidiaries by holding a portion of its bank borrowings in
   Australian dollars. Any foreign-currency movement in the net assets of the Australian subsidiary is partially offset by an
   opposite movement in the Australian dollar debt.

(g) Capital management
   The Group’s capital includes share capital, reserves, and retained earnings. The objective of the Group’s capital
   management is to ensure a strong credit rating to support business growth and maximise shareholder value.

   The Group’s capital is managed at parent-company level. The Group is subject to capital requirements imposed by its
   bank through covenants agreed as part of the lending facility arrangements. The Group has met all externally imposed
   capital requirements for the 12 months ended 31 March 2018 and 31 March 2017.

   The Group’s capital structure is managed and adjustments are made, with board approval, to the structure in light of
   economic conditions at the time. There were no changes to objectives, policies, or processes during the year.


19. Commitments

Capital expenditure commitments
The Group had commitments relating to construction contracts amounting to $101.2 million at 31 March 2018
(2017: $68.6 million).

Operating lease and other commitments
Operating lease expenditure committed to, but not recognised, in the financial statements relating to property rental.

                                                                                                 2018                    2017
                                                                                                $000                   $000

Commitments within:
less than 1 year                                                                                1,445                    1,041
between 1 and 5 years                                                                            2,271                 2,333
more than 5 years                                                                                 187                       –
                                                                                               3,903                   3,374


The Group has an ongoing commitment for maintaining the land and buildings of the integrated retirement villages,
resthomes, and hospitals.


20. Contingent liabilities
The Group had no contingent liabilities at 31 March 2018 (2017: $Nil).




                                                             124
                                                A N NUA L R E P O RT 2 0 18




 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
For the year ended 31 March 2018


21. Reconciliation of net profit after tax with net cash flow from operating activities
                                                                                                 2018                2017
                                                                                                $000                $000

Net profit after tax                                                                         388,216            356,694

Adjusted for:
Movements in balance-sheet items
Occupancy advances                                                                           428,670            326,259
Refundable accommodation deposits                                                              2,284                  171
Accrued management fees                                                                       (51,571)           (44,966)
Revenue in advance                                                                             7,253                7,670
Trade and other payables                                                                      (2,402)              13,100
Trade and other receivables                                                                 (100,869)            (36,798)
Employee entitlements                                                                          4,070                1,739

Non-cash items:
Depreciation and amortisation                                                                 20,580               14,934
Deferred tax                                                                                     640               6,295
Unrealised foreign-exchange loss                                                               3,900               2,667

Adjusted for:
Fair-value movement of investment properties                                                 (351,514)          (324,966)
Net operating cash flows                                                                    349,257             322,799


Net operating cash flows includes occupancy advance receipts from retirement village residents of $603.7 million
(2017: $531.0 million).

Also included in operating cash flows are net receipts from refundable accommodation deposits of $3.1 million
(2017: $0.6 million).

Net operating cash flows also include management fees collected of $34.7 million (2017: $28.7 million).




                                                            125
                                                 RY M A N H E A LT HCA R E




 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
For the year ended 31 March 2018


22. Subsidiary companies
All trading subsidiaries operate in the aged-care sector in New Zealand and Australia, are 100 percent owned, and have
a balance date of 31 March. The operating subsidiaries are listed below.

• Anthony Wilding Retirement Village Limited                     • Jean Sandel Retirement Village Limited

• Bert Sutcliffe Retirement Village Limited                      • Julia Wallace Retirement Village Limited

• Bob Owens Retirement Village Limited                           • Kiri Te Kanawa Retirement Village Limited

• Bob Scott Retirement Village Limited                           • Logan Campbell Retirement Village Limited

• Bruce McLaren Retirement Village Limited                       • Malvina Major Retirement Village Limited

• Charles Fleming Retirement Village Limited                     • Margaret Stoddart Retirement Village Limited

• Charles Upham Retirement Village Limited                       • Ngaio Marsh Retirement Village Limited

• Diana Isaac Retirement Village Limited                         • Possum Bourne Retirement Village Limited

• Edmund Hillary Retirement Village Limited                      • Rita Angus Retirement Village Limited

• Ernest Rutherford Retirement Village Limited                   • Rowena Jackson Retirement Village Limited

• Essie Summers Retirement Village Limited                       • Ryman Aged Care (Australia) Pty Limited

• Evelyn Page Retirement Village Limited                         • Ryman Healthcare (Australia) Pty Limited

• Frances Hodgkins Retirement Village Limited                    • Ryman Healthcare (Australia) No. 2 Pty Limited

• Grace Joel Retirement Village Limited                          • Ryman Napier Limited

• Hilda Ross Retirement Village Limited                          • Shona McFarlane Retirement Village Limited

• Jane Mander Retirement Village Limited                         • Wheelers Hill Properties Pty Limited

• Jane Winstone Retirement Village Limited                       • Yvette Williams Retirement Village Limited




                                                           126
                                                  A N NUA L R E P O RT 2 0 18




 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
For the year ended 31 March 2018


23. Segment information
Products and services from which reportable segments derive their revenue
The Ryman Group operates in one industry, being the provision of integrated retirement villages for older people in
New Zealand and Australia. The service provision process for each of the villages is similar, and the class of customer
and methods of distribution and regulatory environment is consistent across all the villages.

Segment revenues and results
The accounting policies of the reportable segment are the same as the Group’s accounting policies. The segment profit
represents profit earned for the segment after all costs including all administration costs, directors’ fees, interest revenue,
finance costs, and income-tax expense.

The board makes resource allocation decisions to the segment, based on the expected cash flows and results of Group
operations as a whole. No operations were discontinued during the year. To monitor segment performance and allocate
resources to the segment, the board monitors assets attributable to the segment. All assets are allocated to the
reportable segment.

Information about major customers
Included in total revenue are revenues that arose from sales to the Group’s largest customers.

The Group derives care-fee revenue for eligible government-subsidised, aged-care residents who receive resthome,
hospital, or dementia-level care. The government aged-care subsidies received from the Ministry of Health included
in group care fees amounted to $96.7 million (2017: $86.6 million). There are no other significant customers.

Geographical information
The Group operates in New Zealand and Australia.

In presenting information on the basis of geographical areas, net profit, underlying profit, and revenue are based on the
geographical location of operations. Assets are based on the geographical location of the assets.

                                                                      New Zealand               Australia               Group
                                                                             $000                  $000                  $000

Year ended 31 March 2018
Revenue                                                                   324,672                 17,867             342,539

Underlying profit                                                          184,813                18,717             203,530
   less deferred tax expense (note 4)                                        (640)                     –                 (640)
   plus unrealised fair-value movement (note 7)                            179,164                 6,162              185,326

Profit for the year                                                       363,337                24,879               388,216

Non-current assets                                                     4,939,996               493,535              5,433,531




                                                              127
                                                  RY M A N H E A LT HCA R E




 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
For the year ended 31 March 2018


23. Segment information (continued)
                                                                    New Zealand              Australia              Group
                                                                           $000                 $000                 $000

Year ended 31 March 2017
Revenue                                                                 275,493                13,697             289,190

Underlying profit                                                       172,830                5,438              178,268
   less deferred tax expense (note 4)                                     (6,295)                   –               (6,295)
   plus unrealised fair-value movement (note 7)                          173,817              10,904               184,721

Profit for the year                                                     340,352                16,342             356,694

Non-current assets                                                    4,269,071              414,250             4,683,321


24. Employee share scheme

Senior management share scheme
The Group operates an employee share scheme for certain senior employees, other than non-executive directors,
to purchase ordinary shares in the Company.

The Group provides the employees with limited recourse loans on an interest-free basis to support employees’
participation in the scheme. These shares are treated as treasury stock when purchased on market, due to the features
of the scheme.

The loans are applied to the purchase of shares on market, so the number of shares and the consideration for each share
is determined by the market price at that time. The scheme holds 2,477,076 fully allocated shares, which represents 0.50%
of the total shares on issue (2017: 2,320,851 fully allocated shares, which represented 0.46% of the total shares on issue).

Shares purchased under the scheme are held by two directors as custodians, and the shares carry the same rights as all
other ordinary shares. The loan is repayable if the employee is no longer employed by the Group.

The following table reconciles the shares purchased on market under the scheme at the beginning and end of the
financial year.

                                                                                                 2018                 2017
                                                                                     Number of shares     Number of shares

Balance at beginning of the financial year                                                 2,320,851            2,000,372
Purchased on market during the year                                                        1,008,945              986,491
Forfeited during the financial year                                                         (334,773)             (124,883)
Vested during the financial year                                                             (517,947)            (541,129)
Balance at end of the financial year                                                       2,477,076            2,320,851


Shares were purchased under the scheme in August 2017 at a price of $9.32 per share. Remaining shares held by the
scheme were purchased in July 2016 ($9.55) and July 2015 ($8.29).




                                                            128
                                                  A N NUA L R E P O RT 2 0 18




 Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
For the year ended 31 March 2018


24. Employee share scheme (continued)
Shares vested in August 2017 were originally purchased at $8.44 per share in 2014 and are now held directly by
employees. The amounts owed by employees in these vested shares are included within advances to employees.
This balance includes $4,176,836 owing by management personnel in the share scheme (2017: $2,916,548 and
$856,228 owing by the Managing Director).

The directors estimate the fair value of each employee advance granted at the time of the purchase of shares on market,
on behalf of the selected employee. Due to the on-market purchase and sale features of the scheme, and the scheme
agreement arrangements, the directors consider any such value to be immaterial. Shares subject to this scheme vest
3 years from the date of purchase.

All-employee share scheme
In addition, the Group operates a share scheme that is available for all staff.

Participants of this scheme contribute a minimum of $500 (and up to a maximum amount of $10,000) towards the
on-market purchase of Ryman Healthcare Limited shares. To help the staff member purchase more shares, the Group
advances an interest-free loan equal to the employee’s contribution towards the share purchase (financial assistance).

The loan is repayable when the staff member leaves the Group. Shares purchased under the scheme are held in the
employee’s name. The financial assistance provided by the Group is recorded in advances to employees.


25. Subsequent events
The directors resolved to pay a final dividend of 10.9 cents per share or $54.5 million, with no imputation credits attached,
to be paid on 22 June 2018.


26. Authorisation
The directors authorised the issue of these financial statements on 17 May 2018.




Warren Bell                                                         Dr David Kerr
Non-Executive Director                                              Chair
and Chair of Audit and
Financial Risk Committee




                                                              129
                                       RY M A N H E A LT HCA R E




Independent Auditor’s Report

To the shareholders of Ryman Healthcare Limited


Opinion                   We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Ryman Healthcare Limited and
                          its subsidiaries (the Group). These comprise the consolidated balance sheet as at
                          31 March 2018, and the consolidated income statement, statement of comprehensive
                          income, statement of changes in equity and statement of cash flows for the year then
                          ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of
                          significant accounting policies.
                          In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements, on pages 94 to 129,
                          present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Group as
                          at 31 March 2018, and its consolidated financial performance and cash flows for the year
                          then ended in accordance with New Zealand Equivalents to International Financial
                          Reporting Standards (NZ IFRS) and International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS).

Basis for opinion         We conducted our audit in accordance with the International Standards on Auditing (ISAs)
                          and International Standards on Auditing (New Zealand) (ISAs (NZ)). Our responsibilities
                          under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit
                          of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report.
                          We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to
                          provide a basis for our opinion.
                          We are independent of the Group as required by Professional and Ethical Standard 1
                          (Revised) Code of Ethics for Assurance Practitioners issued by the New Zealand Auditing
                          and Assurance Standards Board and the International Ethics Standards Board for
                          Accountants’ Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants, and we have fulfilled our other
                          ethical responsibilities under these requirements.
                          Our firm carries out other assignments for the Group in the areas of Australian aged care
                          and information technology and cyber security assurance services. These services have
                          not impaired our independence as auditor of the Company and Group.
                          In addition to this, partners and employees of our firm deal with the Company and its
                          subsidiaries on normal terms within the ordinary course of trading activities of the
                          business of the Company and its subsidiaries. The firm has no other relationship with, or
                          interest in, the Company or any of its subsidiaries.

Audit materiality         We consider materiality primarily in terms of the magnitude of misstatement in the
                          financial statements of the Group that in our judgement would make it probable that the
                          economic decisions of a reasonably knowledgeable person would be changed or influenced
                          (the quantitative materiality).
                          We also assess whether other matters that come to our attention during the audit would in
                          our judgement change or influence the decisions of such a person (the qualitative
                          materiality). We use materiality both in planning the scope of our audit work and in
                          evaluating the results of our work.
                          We determined materiality for the consolidated financial statements to be $18m.

Key audit matters         Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most
                          significance in our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period.
                          These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial
                          statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion. We do not provide a separate opinion
                          on these matters.




                                                   130
                                                 A N NUA L R E P O RT 2 0 18




Valuation of investment properties                                  How our audit addressed the key audit matter

As explained in policy (d) and note 7 in the financial              Our procedures focused on:
statements, investment properties are carried at fair value
on the balance sheet. The fair value was determined by                 the appropriateness of the valuation methodology
independent registered valuers appointed by the Group.
                                                                       the accuracy of the underlying data used for the
These properties were valued at $4,398m (2017:                          valuation
$3,661m). The revaluation gain recognised in the income
statement was $352m (2017: $325m).                                     reasonableness of underlying assumptions in the
                                                                        valuation model.
We included the valuation of investment properties as a
key audit matter for two key reasons:                               Our procedures included, amongst others:
   The significance to the financial statements:                      evaluating the Group’s processes for the
    the investment properties account for 76% of the                    independent valuation of the investment properties
    total assets (2017: 74%), making it the most
    significant balance on the balance sheet.                          reviewing the valuation methodology and the
                                                                        reasonableness of the significant underlying
   The complexity of the valuation model:                              assumptions
    the valuation model relies on various estimates and
    underlying assumptions. It combines discounted                     assessing the competence, objectivity and integrity
    future cash flows and occupancy advances received                   of the independent registered valuers. We assessed
    from residents. It uses significant assumptions,                    their professional qualifications and experience. We
    including long term house price inflation and discount              also obtained representation from them regarding
    rates. The valuation model also uses significant                    their independence and the scope of their work
    unobservable inputs regarding the average age of
    residents and occupancy period.                                    meeting with the valuer to understand the valuation
                                                                        process adopted. The purpose of the meeting was to
                                                                        identify and challenge the critical judgement areas
                                                                        in the valuation model and to confirm the valuation
                                                                        approach was in accordance with NZ IFRS 13 Fair
                                                                        Value Measurement

                                                                       utilising our in-house valuation specialists to assess
                                                                        the appropriateness of the valuation methodology
                                                                        and challenge the reasonableness of the underlying
                                                                        assumptions. Our specialist particularly focused on
                                                                        the assumptions in respect of long term house price
                                                                        inflation and discount rates applied

                                                                       agreeing a sample of sales and resales to contracts,
                                                                        recalculating actual growth rates on resales, and
                                                                        challenging the assumptions in respect of the
                                                                        average age of residents and occupancy period

                                                                       assessing the discount rates for reasonableness by
                                                                        comparing the rates to those adopted in the prior
                                                                        year and adjusting it for expected changes and the
                                                                        rates adopted by comparable entities.




                                                              131
                                               RY M A N H E A LT HCA R E




Valuation of care facility land and buildings                      How our audit addressed the key audit matter

As explained in policy (e) and note 6 in the financial              Our audit procedures focused on the appropriateness of
statements, care facility land and building are carried at          the Group’s assessment that the carrying value of land
their fair value at the date of revaluation less any                and buildings classified as property, plant and equipment
subsequent accumulated depreciation and impairment                  as at 31 March 2018 is not materially different to fair
losses.                                                             value.
The net book value of care facility land and buildings as           Our procedures included, amongst others:
reflected in note 6 is $620m (2017: $520m).
                                                                       critically assessing, together with our internal
The Group obtains independent valuations at least every 3               valuation specialist, the documentation prepared by
years and performs annual internal assessments to ensure                the Group supporting their assessment of whether
that the carrying amount does not differ materially from                there have been any significant changes to the
fair value at the balance sheet date.                                   assumptions used in the 2017 valuation that would
                                                                        lead to the carrying value of care facility land and
The last independent valuation was completed as at                      buildings as at 31 March 2018 being materially
31 March 2017. A revaluation gain of $56.5m was                         different to their fair values
recognised in other comprehensive income in 2017.
In the current year, the Group have used judgement to                  critically assessing the documentation prepared by the
determine that there has been no significant changes to                 Group supporting their assessment that there were no
the assumptions used in the 2017 valuation and that                     indicators that would result in the fair value of
there are no indicators that the fair value of developing               developing villages not subject to revaluation in 2017,
villages not subject to valuation in 2017, differ materially            being materially different to their fair values as
from the fair values. They have therefore concluded that                at 31 March 2018
an independent valuation is not required in the current
year.                                                                  agreeing material additions to supporting
                                                                        documentation.
We included the valuation of care facility land and
buildings as a key audit matter in the current year due to
the significant judgement exercised by the Group in
determining that the carrying values will not differ
materially from the fair values as at 31 March 2018 and
that no independent valuation is required in the current
year.




                                                             132
                                                   A N NUA L R E P O RT 2 0 18




Other information                 The directors are responsible on behalf of the Group for the other information. The other
                                  information comprises the information in the Annual Report that accompanies the
                                  consolidated financial statements and the audit report. The Annual Report will be made
                                  available to us after the date of this report.
                                  Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information
                                  and we do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
                                  Our responsibility is to read the other information and consider whether it is materially
                                  inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the
                                  audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.
                                  If, when we read the Annual Report, we conclude that there is a material misstatement,
                                  we are required to communicate this to the directors and consider further appropriate
                                  actions.

Directors’ responsibilities for   The directors are responsible on behalf of the Group for the preparation and fair
the consolidated financial        presentation of the consolidated financial statements in accordance with NZ IFRS and
statements                        IFRS. They are also responsible for such internal control as they determine is necessary to
                                  enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material
                                  misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
                                  In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible on behalf
                                  of the Group for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern and
                                  disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
                                  basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease
                                  operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Auditor’s responsibilities for    Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial
the audit of the consolidated     statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error,
financial statements              and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level
                                  of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs and
                                  ISAs (NZ) will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise
                                  from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in aggregate, they could
                                  reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of
                                  these consolidated financial statements.
                                  A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial
                                  statements is located on the External Reporting Board’s website at:
                                  https://www.xrb.govt.nz/standards-for-assurance-practitioners/auditors-responsibilities/audit-
                                  report-1
                                  This description forms part of our auditor’s report.

Restriction on use                This report is made solely to the Company’s shareholders, as a body. Our audit was
                                  performed so that we might state to the Company’s shareholders those matters we are
                                  required to state to them in an auditor’s report and for no other purpose. To the fullest extent
                                  permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than the
                                  Company’s shareholders as a body, for our audit work, for this report, or for the opinions we
                                  have formed.




Michael Wilkes, Partner
for Deloitte Limited
Christchurch, New Zealand
17 May 2018




                                                               133
 RY M A N H E A LT HCA R E




 Corpo
Govern
           134
   A N NUA L R E P O RT 2 0 18




 orate
rnance
              135
                                                 RY M A N H E A LT HCA R E




 Statement of corporate governance



Ryman believes in the benefit of good corporate                     New employees receive a copy of the code of ethics,
governance and the value it provides for our shareholders,          which is accessible to all staff on the Ryman intranet
residents, staff, and other stakeholders.                           and the company website.

The company’s approach to applying the recommendations              The company has a whistleblower and protected
outlined in the NZX Corporate Governance Code (the                  disclosure policy. The purpose of the policy is to protect
Code) are set out below. The section is set out in the              an employee who wishes to raise concerns of serious
order of the principles detailed in the Code and explains           wrongdoing from reprisals or victimisation for reporting
how Ryman is applying the Code’s recommendations.                   their concerns.

Ryman’s policy documents referred to in this section are at
                                                                    Financial product trading policy
www.rymanhealthcare.co.nz/investor-centre/governance.
                                                                    Ryman supports the integrity of New Zealand’s financial
                                                                    markets. This integrity is maintained, in part, through the
Principle 1 – Code of ethical behaviour                             insider trading laws that apply in New Zealand. Ryman’s
                                                                    financial product trading policy outlines how those laws
“Directors should set high standards of ethical
                                                                    apply, as well as the rules that Ryman has put in place so
behaviour, model this behaviour and hold
                                                                    that those laws are followed.
management accountable for these standards
being followed throughout the organisation.”                        Directors, certain employees, and their related parties
                                                                    must seek approval from the company to trade in the
Code of ethics
                                                                    company’s shares. Trading is limited to two ‘trading
As part of the board’s commitment to the highest
                                                                    windows’: between the full-year announcement date and
standards of behaviour and accountability, the company
                                                                    31 August, and between the half-year announcement
has adopted a code of ethics to guide directors, senior
                                                                    date and 31 January each year.
management, and employees in carrying out their duties
and responsibilities.                                               The directors’ shareholdings and all trading of shares
                                                                    during the year by the directors is disclosed in the section
Ryman’s code of ethics is the framework of standards by
                                                                    headed Directors’ disclosures. A director or senior
which the directors, senior management, and employees
                                                                    manager is obliged to advise the NZX promptly if they
are expected to conduct their professional lives. It is
                                                                    trade in the company’s shares.
intended to support decision-making that is consistent
with Ryman’s values, business goals, and legal and policy
obligations, rather than to prescribe an exhaustive list of         Principle 2 – Board composition
acceptable and non-acceptable behaviour.                            and performance

The board approves the code of ethics, which covers                 “To ensure an effective board, there should be
matters such as:                                                    a balance of independence, skills, knowledge,
                                                                    experience and perspectives.”
• interacting with residents and their families, employees,
  and suppliers                                                     The board of directors
                                                                    The directors are responsible for the corporate
• accepting gifts or other benefits                                 governance practices of the company. The practices
                                                                    adopted by the board are prescribed in a charter that
• dealing with conflicts of interest
                                                                    sets out the protocols for how the board operates.
• protecting company assets
                                                                    The charter complies with the relevant recommendations
• complying with laws and policies                                  in the NZX Corporate Governance Code and is reviewed
                                                                    annually.
• maintaining confidentiality
                                                                    The board’s primary role is to effectively represent and
• reporting breaches.                                               promote the interests of shareholders with a view to
                                                                    adding long-term value to the company’s shares.


                                                              136
                                                    A N NUA L R E P O RT 2 0 18




 Statement of corporate governance (continued)



The board carries out its responsibilities according to the           • monitor the performance of management
following mandate.
                                                                      • appoint the chief executive and set the terms of the
• The board should consist of a majority of non-executive               chief executive’s employment agreement
  directors.
                                                                      • decide on what steps are needed to protect the
• At least a third of the directors should be independent               company’s financial position and its ability to meet its
  of management and free from any business or other                     debts and other obligations when they fall due, and
  relationship or circumstance that could materially                    ensure that such steps are taken
  interfere with the exercise of a director’s independent
  judgement.                                                          • ensure the company’s financial statements are true
                                                                        and fair and conform with the law
• The board’s chair should be a non-executive director
  (and not the chief executive).                                      • ensure the company adheres to high standards of
                                                                        ethics and corporate behaviour
• Directors should possess a broad range of skills,
  qualifications, and experience and remain up to date                • ensure the company has appropriate risk
  on how best to perform their duties as directors.                     management/regulatory compliance policies in place.

• Management must provide information of sufficient                   On appointment to the board by the shareholders, new
  content, quality, and timeliness as the board considers             directors sign a written agreement that covers the terms
  necessary to allow the board to effectively discharge               of their appointment.
  its duties.                                                         Every year, the board and sub-committees critically
• The effectiveness and performance of the board and                  evaluate their own performance, and their own processes
  its individual members should be re-evaluated annually.             and procedures. Through this process, the board
                                                                      identifies any training opportunities for individual
The board consists entirely of non-executive directors.               directors to ensure they have relevant and up-to-date
The directors of the company at 31 March 2018 are                     skills for performing their role.
Dr David Kerr, Jo Appleyard, Warren Bell, Claire Higgins,
Kevin Hickman, and George Savvides. Dr David Kerr,                    In line with NZX Main Board Listing Rules, one third of
Jo Appleyard, Warren Bell, Claire Higgins, and George                 the directors must retire by rotation each year. These
Savvides are all independent directors in accordance                  directors may offer themselves for re-election.
with the NZX Main Board Listing Rules.                                The Governance, Remuneration, and Nominations
More information on the directors, including their interests,         Committee undertakes the process for nominating
qualifications, and shareholdings, is provided in the                 and appointing directors on behalf of the board, and
Directors’ disclosures section of this report and is on the           makes appropriate recommendations to the board.
company’s website.                                                    The committee’s terms of reference include the process
                                                                      for nominating and appointing directors.
Day-to-day management of Ryman is delegated to the
chief executive and the senior executive team.                        Independent professional advice
                                                                      With the prior approval of the chair, each director has the
The board’s responsibilities                                          right to seek independent legal and other professional
The primary responsibilities of the board are to:                     advice at the company’s expense about any aspect of
                                                                      the company’s operations or undertakings to assist in
• ensure the company’s goals are clearly established                  fulfilling their duties and responsibilities as directors.
  and that strategies are in place for achieving them

• establish policies for strengthening the performance                Diversity
  of the company and ensure that management is                        The board and management ensure that all eligible
  proactively seeking to build the business                           people get an equal opportunity to demonstrate that they



                                                                137
                                                   RY M A N H E A LT HCA R E




 Statement of corporate governance (continued)



have the right skills and experience for a role, and this is          Each committee operates under specific terms of
the basis of our diversity policy.                                    reference approved by the board. Any recommendations
                                                                      they make are recommendations to the board.
Ryman embraces the uniqueness in all of our people and
welcomes diversity. We encourage all of our employees to              The terms of reference for each committee are
listen to each other and to our residents and their families,         reviewed annually.
and to work to meet the needs of individual people.
                                                                      Audit and Financial Risk Committee
Our approach to diversity is to continually develop a
                                                                      The objective of the Audit and Financial Risk Committee
work environment that supports equality and inclusion,
                                                                      (AFRC) is to assist the board in discharging its
regardless of difference.
                                                                      responsibilities for financial reporting, and risk and
The board sets measurable objectives for assessing                    financial/secretarial compliance.
performance against Ryman’s diversity policy (including
                                                                      The committee makes recommendations to the board
achieving gender diversity) and will assess progress
                                                                      on appointing external auditors to ensure that they are
annually. The board will also ensure Ryman’s objectives
                                                                      independent and to ensure that the company provides
are appropriate for promoting diversity and inclusion.
                                                                      for 5-yearly rotation of the lead audit partner.
Through this policy, we have achieved the following
                                                                      The committee provides a forum for the effective
gender diversity.
                                                                      communication between the board and external
• Of the six directors, two are women and four are                    auditors. The committee’s responsibilities include:
  men (2017: two women and six men, including the
                                                                      • reviewing the appointment of the external auditor, the
  managing director).
                                                                        annual audit plan, and addressing any recommendations
• Of the seven members of the senior executive team,                    from the audit
  three are women and four are men (2017: four women
                                                                      • reviewing any dividend proposals and financial
  and six men). The senior executive team includes the
                                                                        information to be issued to the public
  chief executive and his direct reports. *
                                                                      • ensuring that appropriate financial systems and
• Of the 362 Ryman leaders, 257 are women and 105 are
                                                                        internal controls are in place.
  men.

* In April 2018, the senior management team was
                                                                      The AFRC must consist of at least three directors, who
restructured, resulting in the creation of the senior                 must wherever possible be independent non-executive
executive team. At 31 March 2018, the senior management               directors. The board chair must also not be the chair of
team consisted of 10 members: four women and six men.                 the AFRC. The current members are Warren Bell (chair),
                                                                      Dr David Kerr, Claire Higgins, and Jo Appleyard, who are
Principle 3 – Board committees                                        all independent non-executive directors. Warren Bell is a
                                                                      member of Chartered Accountants Australia New Zealand
“The board should use committees where this will                      and Claire Higgins is a Fellow of CPA Australia.
enhance its effectiveness in key areas, while still
retaining board responsibility.”                                      The committee generally invites the chief executive,
                                                                      chief financial officer, and the external auditors to attend
Board committees                                                      AFRC meetings as appropriate. The committee also
The board has four standing committees: Audit and                     meets and receives regular reports from the external
Financial Risk; Health and Safety; Clinical Governance;               auditors without management present, concerning any
and Governance, Remuneration, and Nominations.                        matters which arise in connection with the performance
A separate Independent Directors’ Committee meets                     of their role.
as needed.




                                                                138
                                                    A N NUA L R E P O RT 2 0 18




 Statement of corporate governance (continued)




Health and Safety Committee                                          • review significant complaints and investigations
The Health and Safety Committee assists the board                      relating to care of residents
in discharging its responsibilities in overseeing and
                                                                     • ensure appropriate clinical information systems and
reviewing health and safety matters arising out of
                                                                       external controls are in place
Ryman’s activities and the impact of these activities
on staff, contractors, residents, and visitors to Ryman.             • review changes in clinical practice in aged care.
The committee recognises the critical role health and                The committee maintains direct lines of communication
safety forms as part of its day-to-day operations and                with the external clinical auditors, the chief executive, the
wants to ensure a safety-first culture across all business           chief operations officer, and the internal clinical auditor.
operations.
                                                                     External clinical auditors are invited to attend a meeting
The members of the committee are Claire Higgins                      each year and report to the committee, including
(chair), Dr David Kerr, and Jo Appleyard.                            presenting a review of the internal clinical audit function.
The committee’s responsibilities include:
                                                                     Governance, Remuneration, and
• considering and approving health and safety strategies,            Nominations Committee
  policies, and procedures                                           The Governance, Remuneration, and Nominations
                                                                     Committee assists the board in establishing remuneration
• setting health and safety indicators in consultation
                                                                     policies and practices for the company in discharging the
  with management
                                                                     board’s responsibilities for remuneration. The committee
• ensuring the board and directors are properly and                  also undertakes the process for nominating and
  regularly informed on matters relating to health and               appointing directors on behalf of the board, and makes
  safety governance, performance, and compliance                     appropriate recommendations to the board.

• conducting regular assessments and audits of the risk              The committee’s terms of reference include the process
  profile and control processes.                                     for nominating and appointing directors.

                                                                     At 31 March 2018 the committee consists of Dr David
Clinical Governance Committee                                        Kerr (chair), George Savvides, and Kevin Hickman, which
The Clinical Governance Committee supports,                          creates a majority of independent directors. Committee
and enhances the quality of, the company’s clinical                  members must be non-executive directors.
performance and care and service provision.
                                                                     Management attends committee meetings only at the
The committee assists the board in discharging its                   invitation of the committee.
oversight of clinical reporting and clinical compliance
and is focused on innovation in healthcare and ensuring              The committee’s objectives are to:
alignment with emerging best clinical practice.
                                                                     • assist the board in establishing remuneration policies
The committee consists of three non-executive directors:               and practices for the company
George Savvides (chair), Dr David Kerr, and Jo Appleyard,
                                                                     • assist in discharging the board’s responsibilities for
as well as Tim Wilkinson, a professor at Otago Medical
                                                                       reviewing the chief executive’s and the directors’
School and a consulting geriatrician.
                                                                       remuneration
The committee’s responsibilities are to:
                                                                     • advise and assist the chief executive in setting
• liaise with internal and external clinical auditors                  remuneration for the senior executive team

• review internal and external clinical audit findings               • regularly review and recommend changes to the
                                                                       composition of the board and identify and recommend
• review significant changes to clinical policies                      individuals for nomination as members of the board
                                                                       and its committees.


                                                               139
                                                 RY M A N H E A LT HCA R E




 Statement of corporate governance (continued)



The directors’ and senior management’s remuneration                 Ryman publishes its key governance and other relevant
are set out in the Directors’ disclosures section of                documents in the investor centre of the company’s
this report.                                                        website at rymanhealthcare.co.nz/investor-centre/
                                                                    governance.
Independent Directors’ Committee
                                                                    All significant announcements made to the NZX and
The Independent Directors’ Committee is convened
                                                                    reports issued are also posted on the company’s website.
as needed and consists of independent non-executive
directors who address significant conflicts of interest
and any other matters referred by the board.                        Principle 5 – Remuneration

Ryman has protocols that set out the procedures to be               “The remuneration of directors and executives
followed if there is a takeover offer. These procedures             should be transparent, fair and reasonable.”
are set out in the Takeover Response Protocols that have
                                                                    The Governance, Remuneration, and Nominations
been adopted by the board.
                                                                    Committee makes recommendations to the board on
                                                                    remuneration matters in keeping with the committee’s
Principle 4 – Reporting and disclosure                              terms of reference. The committee does not have the
                                                                    authority to make decisions on behalf of the board.
“The board should demand integrity in financial
and non-financial reporting, and in the timeliness                  The committee is also responsible for making
and balance of corporate disclosures.”                              recommendations to the board on the remuneration
                                                                    of the chief executive.
Reporting and disclosure
The board focuses on providing accurate, adequate, and              The total director remuneration pool is approved by
timely information both to existing shareholders and to             shareholders at the annual general meeting (AGM)
the market generally. This enables all investors to make            as required under the NZX Main Board Listing Rules.
informed decisions about the company.                               The board is responsible for the setting of individual
                                                                    directors’ fees in accordance with the permitted pool.
Ryman, as a company listed on the NZX Main Board, has
an obligation to comply with the disclosure requirements            Details of the directors’ remuneration for the year are
under the NZX Main Board Listing Rules. Ryman                       in the directors’ disclosures section of this report.
recognises that these requirements aim to provide equal
access for all investors or potential investors to material         Ryman has in place a remuneration policy that outlines
price-sensitive information concerning issuers or their             the key principles that influence Ryman’s remuneration
financial products. This in turn promotes confidence in             practices.
the market.                                                         The remuneration of the chief executive and the senior
Ryman’s market disclosure policy outlines the obligations           executive team is determined by the significance of their
of Ryman and relevant Ryman personnel in satisfying                 role and the industry. The total remuneration is made
the disclosure requirements. It also covers other related           up of fixed remuneration and short-term cash-based
matters including external communications by Ryman.                 incentives. The chief executive and senior executive
                                                                    team are also members of the senior management share
The company has produced its first integrated report                scheme (see note 24 of the financial statements).
for the year ended 31 March 2018. The decision to
adopt integrated reporting was made to further develop
Ryman’s disclosures. The integrated report provides
more information on the company’s business model and
future value creation.




                                                              140
                                                  A N NUA L R E P O RT 2 0 18




 Statement of corporate governance (continued)



The short-term incentives are at-risk payments that                  Employees’ remuneration
reward performance. They are designed to motivate and                The table below details the number of Ryman employees
incentivise senior staff in the delivery of performance              who have earned over $100,000 during the year ended
over a 1-year operating cycle. The amount payable is                 31 March 2018. The remuneration includes salary,
set annually. The payment of the short-term incentive                short-term incentives, and employer’s contribution to
depends on achieving certain results and outcomes.                   KiwiSaver and Superannuation.
Performance over the financial year is measured against
‘stretch’ performance targets. The performance metrics                Remuneration                                No. employees
differ with each role.                                                990,000 – 1,000,000                                       1
                                                                      580,000 – 590,000                                         1
Every year, the committee reviews the levels and
                                                                      570,000 – 580,000                                         1
appropriateness of these incentives and weighting.
                                                                      560,000 – 570,000                                         1
There are no long-term incentives for the senior                      480,000 – 490,000                                         1
executive team that are subject to performance risk.                  320,000 – 330,000                                         1
The senior management share scheme provides the                       270,000 – 280,000                                        2
employees with limited recourse loans on an interest-free             260,000 – 270,000                                         1
basis to support employees’ participation in the scheme.              250,000 – 260,000                                         1
                                                                      240,000 – 250,000                                         1
These shares are treated as treasury stock when
                                                                      230,000 – 240,000                                        3
purchased on market, due to the features of the scheme.
                                                                      220,000 – 230,000                                        3
Shares subject to this scheme have a restricted period of             210,000 – 220,000                                        3
3 years from the date of purchase, to appropriately                   200,000 – 210,000                                        3
incentivise participants over a longer period. The loan is            180,000 – 190,000                                        4
repayable if the employee is no longer employed by Ryman.             170,000 – 180,000                                        2
                                                                      160,000 – 170,000                                        6
                                                                      150,000 – 160,000                                       10
                                                                      140,000 – 150,000                                        8
                                                                      130,000 – 140,000                                       15
                                                                      120,000 – 130,000                                       26
                                                                      110,000 – 120,000                                       25
                                                                      100,000 – 110,000                                       29



Chief executive remuneration
Gordon MacLeod was appointed chief executive on 1 July 2017. Before this time, he was deputy chief executive.
His remuneration for the year is as follows.
                                                                  Short-term            Total      Loan provided under the senior
                   Salary        KiwiSaver         Subtotal         incentive    remuneration         management share scheme
FY18           $762,978          $28,889          $791,867        $200,000           $991,867*                      $1,000,000

* There were no other benefits (including long-term incentives) received in this financial year.

The at-risk short-term incentive is payable on the achievement of certain key performance indicators (KPIs). These KPIs
are focused on the financial performance of Ryman, specific operational targets, and people-related expectations.

At 31 March 2018, the total number of shares owned by and/or held for the benefit of the chief executive totalled 610,059.
For these shares, loans totalling $2,533,974 are outstanding.




                                                               141
                                                   RY M A N H E A LT HCA R E




 Statement of corporate governance (continued)




Principle 6 – Risk management                                          recognised and endorsed by the Independent Directors
                                                                       Council. The committee routinely has time with Ryman’s
“Directors should have a sound understanding of                        external auditor, Deloitte, without management present.
the material risks faced by the issuer and how to                      Deloitte attends the company’s AGM.
manage them. The board should regularly verify
that the issuer has appropriate processes that                         The company continually monitors its internal control
identify and manage potential and material risks.”                     environment. Clinical auditors and health and safety
                                                                       officers regularly test and assess controls and report
The board is responsible for overseeing the company’s                  their findings to the Clinical Governance Committee
system of internal controls to manage key risks and have               and the Health and Safety Committee.
overall responsibility for managing risk.

The company maintains a group risk register to identify                Principle 8 – Shareholder rights and
and manage risk. Specific health and safety, and clinical              relations
risk registers are separately maintained given the
                                                                       “The board should respect the rights of shareholders
significance of these areas to the business. The senior
                                                                       and foster constructive relationships with
executive team is responsible for maintaining the risk
                                                                       shareholders that encourage them to engage with
registers.
                                                                       the issuer.”
Ryman operates an extensive internal accreditation
programme that addresses issues such as service                        Information for shareholders
delivery, health and safety, and administration. Internal              The company seeks to ensure that investors understand
audits are undertaken regularly. The results of these audits           its activities by communicating effectively with them and
and critical indicators are regularly reported to the board.           providing access to clear and balanced information.

Through the AFRC, the board considers the                              The company website rymanhealthcare.co.nz provides
recommendations and advice of external auditors,                       an overview of the business and information about
and ensures that those recommendations are                             Ryman. This information includes details of operational
investigated and, where considered necessary,                          sites, latest news, investor information, key corporate
appropriate action is taken.                                           governance information, and copies of significant NZX
                                                                       announcements. The website also provides profiles of
                                                                       the directors and the senior executive team.
Principle 7 – Auditors
                                                                       Copies of previous annual reports, financial statements,
“The board should ensure the quality and
                                                                       and results presentations are available on the website.
independence of the external audit process.”
The Audit and Financial Risk Committee makes                           Shareholders have the right to vote on major decisions of
recommendations to the board on the appointment of                     the company in accordance with requirements set out in the
the external auditor as set out in the terms of reference.             Companies Act 1993 and the NZX Main Board Listing Rules.
The committee also monitors the independence and
effectiveness of the external auditor and reviews and                  Communicating with shareholders
approves any non-audit services performed by the                       Ryman has a dedicated investor relations manager and
external auditor.                                                      corporate affairs manager. These two roles allow us to
                                                                       develop strong relationships and ensure our shareholders
The committee regularly meets with the external auditor
                                                                       are kept informed.
to approve the terms of engagement, audit partner
rotation (at least every 5 years) and audit fee, and to review         Ryman’s investor centre sets out the investor relations
and provide feedback on the annual audit plan. Every                   manager’s and corporate affairs manager’s contact
year, a comprehensive review and formal assessment                     details for communications from shareholders.
of the independence and effectiveness of the external
                                                                       We send the notice of the AGM to shareholders and
auditor is undertaken. The assessment uses an external
                                                                       publish it on the company website at least 28 days before
auditors’ assessment tool, which is internationally
                                                                       the meeting each year.


                                                                 142
                                                A N NUA L R E P O RT 2 0 18




 General disclosures of interest
For the year ended 31 March 2018


Jo Appleyard                                                       Claire Higgins
Partner        Chapman Tripp^                                      Chair          REI Superannuation Fund Pty Ltd
Member         NZX Disciplinary Committee                          Chair          NorthWest Healthcare Properties
Trustee        The Cathedral Grammar School                                       Management Limited (previously known
               Foundation                                                         as Vital Healthcare Management Limited)
                                                                   Acting chair   Pancare Foundation Inc
Warren Bell                                                        Director       Railway and Transport Health Fund Ltd
Chair          Hallenstein Glasson Holdings Ltd Group              Director       Transport Health Pty Ltd
Chair          St Georges Hospital Inc                             Trustee        Helen Macpherson Smith Trust
Director       Meadow Mushrooms Group of Companies
Director       Cyprus Enterprises Ltd                              Dr David Kerr
Director       Sabina Ltd                                          Chair          EcoCentral Limited
Director       Bildeford Holdings Ltd                              Chair          Centercare Limited
Director       Warren Bell Ltd                                     Advisor        Canterbury District Health Board
Director       CHC Properties Limited                              Bare trustee   Ryman Healthcare Share Scheme
                                                                                  (jointly with Warren Bell)
Director       Glasson Trustee Limited
                                                                   Director       Forté Hospital
Director       152 Hereford Limited
                                                                   Director       Health Workforce New Zealand
Director       CraigPine Timber Limited
                                                                   Director       Ngāi Tahu Property
Director       Amalgamated Holdings Limited
                                                                   Consultant     Pegasus Health*
Trustee        Emerald Trust
               (part shareholder of Airport Business Park)
                                                                   George Savvides
Trustee        Waiwetu Trust
               (part shareholder of Airport Business Park)         Chair          Kings Group Pty Ltd
Bare trustee   Ryman Healthcare Share Scheme                       Chair          Macquarie University Hospital
               (jointly with Dr David Kerr)                        Deputy
Director       Alpine Energy Group*                                chair          Special Broadcasting Service (SBS)
Director       Maling and Co Ltd*                                  Director/
                                                                   Shareholder    Teamflow Asset Management Pty Ltd
Director       Palms Services Ltd*
                                                                   Partner        CFMC Consulting Pty Ltd (Sodia)
Director       Golflinks Holdings Ltd*
                                                                   Chair          World Vision Australia*
Kevin Hickman
                                                                   Simon Challies (resigned June 2017)
Trustee        The Hickman Family Trust
                                                                   Trustee        St Andrews College Foundation
Director       James Lloyd Developments Limited
Director       Valachi Downs Limited                               Doug McKay (resigned July 2017)
Director/                                                          Chair          Bank of New Zealand and subsidiaries
Shareholder    Rita May Limited
                                                                   Director       IAG NZ Holdings Ltd
Director       Airport Business Park Christchurch Limited
                                                                   Director       IAG NZ Ltd
Director       Russley Estates No. 1 Limited
                                                                   Director       Genesis Energy Ltd
Director       Russley Estates No. 2 Limited
                                                                   Director       Tourism Transport Ltd
Trustee        Waiwetu Trust
               (part shareholder of Airport Business Park)         Chair          Eden Park Trust Board
Director/                                                          Board
Shareholder    Fab Consortium                                      member         National Australia Bank Limited


* Resigned during the year
^ Jo has been a director since 2009 and since that time has performed no professional services for the company in her
  capacity as a partner at Chapman Tripp.



                                                             143
                                                  RY M A N H E A LT HCA R E




 Directors’ disclosures
For the year ended 31 March 2018


Shareholdings at 31 March 2018

Director                    Relevant interest
                                                          (1) Held as trustees of The Appleyard and Larkin Family Trust
Jo Appleyard                         78,700 (1)           (2) Held as trustees of The Hickman Family Trust
Warren Bell                         22,000                (3) Held as trustees of Adam Higgins Superannuation Fund Pty Ltd
Kevin Hickman                   35,834,955 (2)            (4) Shares held by DW & DJ Kerr and The DW Kerr Family Trust
                                                          (5) Shares held by Australian Executor Trustees Ltd
Claire Higgins                       12,650 (3)
                                                          (6) Simon Challies, the managing director, resigned with effect from 30 June
Dr David Kerr                      333,000 (4)                2017. The salary, bonuses, and other remuneration paid to the outgoing
                                                              managing director during the year totalled $2.16 million. This was made up
George Savvides                      35,030 (5)               of salary $0.19 million, annual leave $0.26 million, short-term incentives
                                                              $0.33 million, and KiwiSaver $0.06 million paid in the period to 30 June 2017,
                                                              and additional payments of $1.32 million, including in his role as an advisor to
                                                              the board, following his resignation

Directors’ remuneration for the year
                                                                                                                                Salaries,
                                                           Sub-                                             Total               bonuses
                                   Directors’          committee                 Foreign                directors’             and other
Director                                fees               chair               exchange                      fees           remuneration
Jo Appleyard                       103,000                      –                        –               103,000                          –
Warren Bell                        103,000                16,500                         –                119,500                         –
Kevin Hickman                      103,000                      –                        –               103,000                          –
Claire Higgins                     103,000                16,500                    11,011                 130,511                        –
Dr David Kerr                      207,000                      –                        –              207,000                           –
Doug McKay                           34,333                     –                        –                34,333                          –
George Savvides                    103,000                16,500                    11,011                 130,511                        –
Simon Challies (6)                         –                    –                        –                        –             2,159,882
                                   756,333               49,500                  22,022                  827,855               2,159,882



Directors of subsidiary companies
Dr David Kerr, Warren Bell, Gordon MacLeod, and David Bennett are directors of all the Company’s New Zealand subsidiaries.
Claire Higgins, George Savvides, Gordon MacLeod, and David Bennett are directors of Ryman Healthcare (Australia) Pty Ltd
and its subsidiaries.

Kevin Hickman was a director of the Company’s New Zealand subsidiaries until 30 June 2017.

Simon Challies was a director of the Company’s New Zealand and Australian subsidiaries until 30 June 2017.


Membership of sub-committees
Directors do not receive additional fees for membership of sub-committees. Additional fees are paid to directors who
act as the chair of a sub-committee. During the year Warren Bell, George Savvides, and Claire Higgins held sub-committee
chair positions.


Specific disclosures
In line with the company’s constitution and the Companies Act 1993, the company has provided insurance for,
and indemnities to, directors of the company.




                                                             144
                                                 A N NUA L R E P O RT 2 0 18




Directors’ disclosures (continued)
For the year ended 31 March 2018


Share transactions during the year
                                                                Number of shares
Director                         Nature of interest           acquired/(disposed)     Consideration ($)                Date
Simon Challies                   Beneficial                          (1,000,000)           (9,080,000)            17/07/2017
Simon Challies                   Beneficial                             (212,914)                    0*           17/07/2017
Warren Bell                      Beneficial                               2,000                 18,300           10/08/2017
Warren Bell – Poraka Limited     Beneficial                              ( 2,000)              (18,300)          10/08/2017
* Forfeiture of 212,914 shares not vested under employee share scheme on cessation of employment

Dr David Kerr and Warren Bell, as joint custodians of the Ryman Healthcare Employee Share Purchase Scheme, acquired
1,008,945 shares during the year, disposed of 852,720 shares during the year, and held 2,477,076 shares in total at 31 March
2018 (also refer note 24).




                                                            145
                                                         RY M A N H E A LT HCA R E




    Shareholder information




Top 20 shareholders at 17 May 2018
    Rank      Investor name                                                                       No. of shares            % issued capital
    1         HSBC Nominees (New Zealand) Limited        1                                        99,890,394                         19.98
    2         JPMORGAN Chase Bank 1                                                               60,056,685                         12.01
    3         Joanna Hickman & John Anthony Callaghan & Kevin James Hickman                2      35,834,955                           7.17
    4         HSBC Nominees (New Zealand) Limited        1                                         34,492,918                        6.90
    5         G A Cumming                                                                         25,425,000                         5.09
    6         Citibank Nominees (NZ) Ltd       1                                                    18,441,791                       3.69
    7         Forsyth Barr Custodians Ltd                                                          11,306,548                        2.26
    8         Ngāi Tahu Capital Limited                                                            9,895,669                          1.98
    9         Custodial Services Limited                                                             9,610,751                        1.92
    10        Accident Compensation Corporation 1                                                   9,545,140                          1.91
    11        Tea Custodians Limited   1                                                            9,318,316                         1.86
    12        New Zealand Superannuation Fund Nominees Limited             1                       6,496,260                          1.30
    13        Premier Nominees Limited 1                                                           5,882,290                           1.18
    14        BNP Paribas Nominees NZ Limited      1                                                5,630,183                          1.13
    15        Custodial Services Limited                                                            4,885,118                        0.98
    16        FNZ Custodians Limited                                                               4,238,853                         0.85
    17        Private Nominees Limited     1                                                         4,142,716                       0.83
    18        National Nominees New Zealand Limited 1                                                   3,911,110                     0.78
    19        Cogent Nominees Limited      1                                                        3,764,416                         0.75
    20        Custodial Services Limited                                                           3,598,677                          0.72
1       Held by New Zealand Central Securities Depository Ltd as custodian
2       Held as trustees of the Hickman Family Trust


Distribution of shareholders at 17 May 2018
    Size of shareholding                                Number of shareholders                               Shares held
    1–1,000                                                   4,421                30.88%          2,523,590                        0.51%
    1,001–5,000                                              6,425                 44.88%          17,013,226                      3.40%
    5,001–10,000                                              1,809                   12.64%       13,860,727                       2.77%
    10,001–50,000                                             1,391                   9.72%        28,824,619                       5.76%
    50,001–100,000                                             143                    1.00%       10,230,682                       2.05%
    Greater than 100,000                                        127                   0.88%       427,547,156                      85.51%
    Total                                                    14,316                   100%     500,000,000                      100.00%


Substantial product holder notices received at 31 March 2018
    Shareholder                                                   Relevant interest                 %                        Date of Notice
    G A Cumming                                                       50,949,900               10.20%                      15 January 2014
    K J Hickman, J Hickman & J A Callaghan 1                          35,834,955               7.20%                 21 November 2006
1       Held as trustees of the Hickman Family Trust.

A substantial product holder notice was received from FMR LLC and a number of other entities on 14 May 2018, disclosing
a relevant interest in 33,662,403 ordinary Ryman shares (6.73 percent). These other entities comprise FMR Investment
Management (UK) Limited, Fidelity Institutional Asset Management Trust Company, FMR Co., Inc, FIAM LLC, Fidelity
Management and Research (Hong Kong) Limited, and Fidelity Capital Markets.				

                                                                         146
                                          A N NUA L R E P O RT 2 0 18




Directory                            Registered office                       Melbourne office
                                     Airport Business Park                   Level 1, Suite 11 & 12
                                     92 Russley Road, Christchurch           2 Brandon Park Drive
                                     PO Box 771, Christchurch 8042           Wheelers Hill, Melbourne
                                     New Zealand                             PO Box 5391, Brandon Park
                                                                             Victoria 3150, Australia
                                     Share registrar
                                     Link Market Services                    Auckland office
                                     PO Box 91976, Auckland 1142             93 Ascot Avenue, Remuera
                                     New Zealand                             Auckland 1051, New Zealand
                                     P: +64 9 375 5998
                                     E: enquiries@linkmarketservices.com




Retirement villages

Anthony Wilding Retirement Village   Evelyn Page Retirement Village          Margaret Stoddart Retirement
5 Corbett Crescent, Aidanﬁeld,       30 Ambassador Glade, Orewa,             Village
Christchurch                         Auckland                                23 Bartlett Street, Riccarton,
                                                                             Christchurch
Bert Sutcliffe Retirement Village    Frances Hodgkins Retirement
2 Rangatira Road, Birkenhead,        Village                                 Ngaio Marsh Retirement Village
Auckland                             40 Fenton Crescent, St Clair, Dunedin   95 Grants Road, Papanui, Christchurch

Bob Owens Retirement Village         Grace Joel Retirement Village           Possum Bourne Retirement Village
112 Carmichael Road, Bethlehem,      184 St Heliers Bay Road, St Heliers,    Lisle Farm Drive, Pukekohe
Tauranga                             Auckland
                                                                             Princess Alexandra Retirement
Bob Scott Retirement Village         Hilda Ross Retirement Village           Village
25 Graham Street, Petone,            30 Ruakura Road, Hamilton               145 Battery Road, Napier
Lower Hutt
                                     Jane Mander Retirement Village          Rita Angus Retirement Village
Bruce McLaren Retirement Village     262 Fairway Drive, Kamo, Whangarei      66 Coutts Street, Kilbirnie, Wellington
795 Chapel Road, Howick, Auckland
                                     Jane Winstone Retirement Village        Rowena Jackson Retirement Village
Charles Fleming Retirement Village   49 Oakland Avenue, St Johns Hill,       40 O’Byrne Street North, Waikiwi,
112 Parata Street, Waikanae          Whanganui                               Invercargill

Charles Upham Retirement Village     Jean Sandel Retirement Village          Shona McFarlane Retirement Village
24 Charles Upham Drive, Rangiora     71 Barrett Road, New Plymouth           66 Mabey Road, Lower Hutt

Diana Isaac Retirement Village       Julia Wallace Retirement Village        Weary Dunlop Retirement Village
1 Lady Isaac Way, Mairehau,          28 Dogwood Way, Clearview Park,         242 Jells Road, Wheelers Hill,
Christchurch                         Palmerston North                        Melbourne

Edmund Hillary Retirement Village    Kiri Te Kanawa Retirement Village       Woodcote Retirement Village
221 Abbotts Way, Remuera,            12 Gwyneth Place, Lytton West,          29 Woodcote Avenue, Hornby,
Auckland                             Gisborne                                Christchurch

Ernest Rutherford Retirement         Logan Campbell Retirement Village       Yvette Williams Retirement Village
Village                              187 Campbell Road, Greenlane,           383 Highgate, Roslyn, Dunedin
49 Covent Drive, Stoke, Nelson       Auckland

Essie Summers Retirement Village     Malvina Major Retirement Village
222 Colombo Street, Beckenham,       134 Burma Road, Khandallah,
Christchurch                         Wellington



                                                       147
                                            RY M A N H E A LT HCA R E




 Directory
New villages in the pipeline

Aberfeldie                             Hamilton                                Mt Eliza
2 Vida Street, Aberfeldie, Melbourne   1765 River Road, Hamilton               70 Kunyung Road, Mt Eliza,
                                                                               Melbourne
Burwood East                           Havelock North
78 Middleborough Road, Burwood East,   94-148 Te Aute Road,                    Mt Martha
Melbourne                              Havelock North                          180 Bentons Road, Mt Martha,
                                                                               Melbourne
Christchurch                           Hobsonville
78 Park Terrace, Christchurch          3 Scott Road, Hobsonville,              Nellie Melba
                                       Auckland                                6 Brandon Park Drive, Wheelers Hill,
Coburg                                                                         Melbourne
81a Bell Street, Coburg, Melbourne     Karori
                                       26 Donald Street, Karori, Wellington    Newtown
Devonport                                                                      192 Adelaide Road, Newtown,
2 Ngataringa Road, Devonport,          Lincoln Road                            Wellington
Auckland                               221 Lincoln Road, Henderson,
                                       Auckland
Geelong
157 South Valley Road, Highton,        Lynﬁeld
Victoria                               20 Tropicana Drive, Lynﬁeld, Auckland




For more information on any of Ryman Healthcare’s retirement villages:

(NZ) 0800 588 222
rymanhealthcare.co.nz

(AUS) 1800 922 988
rymanhealthcare.com.au




                                                        148
 rymanhealthcare.co.nz
rymanhealthcare.com.au
