Ryman Healthcare
ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                     RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Cover image features Priscilla Lowry, a resident
photographed during our Pioneers brand campaign.
         ANNUAL REP ORT 20 20




Our mission remains
the same as it has been
for the past 36 years -
the care we offer has
to be good enough for
Mum or Dad.
RY MAN HEALT HCARE




        2
                       ANNUAL REP ORT 20 20




4    Chair’s report

12   Project Safe Haven in action

14   Chief executive’s report

22   Our directors

24   Our senior executives

27   Thinking of everything

31   Our business model

39   Our pipeline of villages

41   Health, safety and wellbeing




45   Our financials

99   Statement of corporate governance

120 Our village locations

122 Directory




                                3
            RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Chair’s report




                    4
                           ANNUAL REP ORT 20 20




The COVID-19 pandemic
of 2020 has been a once-
in-a-generation challenge.
The clarity of purpose of
this company was critical
to the response and I am
pleased to report we have
managed the challenge
to date and we remain in
good shape.
D R DAV I D K E R R
RY M A N H E A LT H CA R E C H A I R




                                       5
                                   RY MAN HEALT HCARE




                                          “The care we took was
                                          indeed good enough for
                                          Mum or Dad.”

Ryman Healthcare is a company       A solid result in a challenging year
with purpose. We build beautiful    I’m pleased to report a solid year despite the challenges
and vibrant communities where       thrown at us in its final months.
people can be reassured that        Our audited underlying profit rose 6.6 percent to $242 million.
they will be looked after and       Our reported profit, which includes unrealised valuations,
cared for in their retirement       declined 19 percent to $265 million.
years. The COVID-19 challenge       The unrealised fair value movement was down $173 million
has shown, without a doubt,         in the current year due to changes in valuation assumptions
                                    impacted by COVID-19. This was partially offset by the
that the peace of mind our
                                    reintroduction of tax depreciation by the New Zealand
communities provide for our         Government on commercial buildings, which contributed to a
residents and their families is     deferred tax credit of $86 million.
more important and relevant to      The full-year dividend was lifted to 24.2 cents per share, in
them than ever.                     line with growth in underlying profit and our long-standing policy
                                    of paying out 50 percent of underlying profits to shareholders.


                                    DIV IDEN D GROWT H (CEN TS)

                                     25


                                     20


                                     15


                                     10


                                     5


                                     0

                                          2002   2003   2004   2005   2006   2007   2008   2009   2010   2011   2012   2013   2014   2015   2016   2017   2018   2019   2020




                                                   6
                                        ANNUAL REP ORT 20 20




Total assets lifted to $7.68 billion      Project Safe Haven
with a record $711.4 million invested
                                          It was clear from very early on in the pandemic that older
in our portfolio during the year.
                                          people were particularly vulnerable to the virus, and, sadly,
Operating cash flows rose 12 percent
                                          that has played out in New Zealand, where all 22 people
to $449.8 million, and cash receipts
                                          who have lost their lives were aged over 60. In Victoria
were up 12 percent to $1.13 billion.
                                          20 people have lost their lives.
Our full-year underlying profit came
                                          As a board and a management team we were determined to
in below our medium-term target of
                                          do everything we could to make sure everyone was happy
15 percent due to the challenge of
                                          and safe. Our response was called Project Safe Haven.
COVID-19. Despite the challenges
of the pandemic, we continue to be        Our aim was to keep COVID-19 out of our villages. If we did
focused on our medium-term goal of        get any infections, we were fully prepared to contain them,
doubling our underlying profit every      eradicate them and return to normal.
5 years, a compound annual growth         We turned our villages into safe havens where our care
rate of 15 percent.                       residents were secure and had the best of care.
We incurred $26 million worth of          They were also havens for our independent residents, where
additional costs to prepare for           they had the peace of mind that they didn’t have to leave,
COVID-19 and to cope during               because our team would take care of everything for them.
lockdown, a portion of which
impacted our annual result.               It was our aim to ensure that the wellbeing of these
                                          residents, their families and our team did not suffer as a
But the measures we took and              result of the measures we took.
investments we made from January
to prepare for COVID-19 mean we           As this report is published, no resident or team member
are in good shape to respond to the       working in a Ryman village has had COVID-19, but we take
challenges of the virus in the months     nothing for granted and we will continue to be extra vigilant.
and years ahead.                          The world is a different place now, and we have had to
                                          change and adapt each day.
                                          We’ve managed primarily because of the superb,
                                          professional, can-do approach of all our team.
                                          Our people are amazing. Our village care teams worked for
                                          prolonged periods with full infection control measures in
                                          place to keep all our residents in care safe.




                                                  7
                                              RY MAN HEALT HCARE




                                                  “I cannot thank our team
                                                  enough. Our residents think the
                                                  world of them, and so do we.”

They showed themselves to be very              Going harder, earlier
resilient. This was a function of the
                                               We went harder and earlier, and put additional measures
culture of the company.
                                               in place, which at times put us out of step with the
Our rosters were robust and coped              Government and Ministry of Health.
well with the additional demands
                                               That’s because we had our own team of clinical specialists
of COVID-19. At its peak we had
                                               working on the unique problems we faced, and while the
282 residents and 345 staff in
                                               Ministry takes a whole-of-population view, our concern
COVID-19 isolation or off work as a
                                               was purely confined to the safety of our residents and staff.
precautionary measure – and yet the
care continued to flow.                        Our Clinical Governance Committee met regularly with
                                               our operations team, led by our Chief Operations Officer,
Over 10 weeks, our teams delivered
                                               Cheyne Chalmers, and her team of highly experienced
80,000 individual happy hours in a
                                               aged-care nursing specialists. Cheyne worked closely with
bag and more than 10,000 grocery
                                               the Ministry and with other nursing leaders, and we worked
deliveries were undertaken for our
                                               collaboratively with the rest of the industry.
independent residents.
                                               Our independent advice comes from Ben Harris, a
All along the way our people enjoyed
                                               microbiologist and infection control specialist; Dr Doug
the trust, cooperation and goodwill of
                                               Wilson, a researcher and ageing specialist who spent
our residents and their families.
                                               a long career in the pharmaceuticals industry; and
We asked our residents to go into              University of Otago gerontologist Professor Tim Wilkinson.
lockdown early, and they did so with little
                                               It is also a tribute to the leadership of Gordon and his team
complaint, and we stopped all visits,
                                               that our staff and independent residents were happier
which we know was extraordinarily hard
                                               than ever during this crisis, as we have discovered in our
on residents and families alike.
                                               most recent surveys.
We had to make some tough calls,
                                               That is an extraordinary result given what we have
but our residents and families
                                               all been through.
understood our intentions, and
they gave us their support.
All these things required great leadership,
clear communication and a huge amount
of work.
I cannot thank our team enough. Our
residents think the world of them, and
so do we.
We have received thousands of emails
and cards from residents and their
families thanking our team.



                                                       8
            ANNUAL REP ORT 20 20




We had to make some
tough calls, but our
residents and families
understood our
intentions, and they
gave us their support.




                     9
                                            RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Our model is more relevant                   The challenge ahead
than ever                                    COVID-19 will continue to be a healthcare challenge for
The COVID-19 challenge has proven            some time.
that the Ryman model of retirement           In terms of the business challenge, we have a few key things
living and care is more relevant to our      in our favour.
residents and their families than ever.
                                             Firstly, our business model is robust. The challenges we
Our residents have told us that living in    have faced since January have tested it and it remains
a Ryman village during the crisis gave       strong. We have not been as severely disrupted by
them a great sense of security and           COVID-19 as some industries. Our balance sheet was able
their families said the same thing.          to cope with this stress, and our bankers have been very
The care we took was indeed good             supportive, reflecting our mutual respect.
enough for Mum or Dad.                       We are also fortunate that we operate in two of the few
We’re a values-based company – the           countries in the world – New Zealand and Australia – that
safety and wellbeing of our people           have dealt with COVID-19 well.
always come first.                           Our response, and our geographical advantages, means
If we continue to do this, we will           that we are well placed to continue to manage COVID-19 in
weather the storm and enhance our            the future, and we have a great base to launch our recovery,
reputation as a safe haven for people in     which is already under way.
their retirement years.                      We will look at new ways of communicating in the future
Our residents know that our villages         – and we have certainly learned a lot about the digital
are places where they have fun and           capacity of our residents – and a host of new services they
have a special sense of community and        might enjoy as a permanent feature.
fellowship with each other. They have        We know that we will look at ways to design and build
told us that spirit is stronger than ever    differently. COVID-19 will help us to innovate and change.
because of COVID-19.                         The challenge we face is the balance between our
                                             aspirations for the future and the reality that currently
                                             exists with COVID-19.
                                             We have proven we are up to the challenge, and that the
                                             threat to health of outbreaks such as COVID-19 makes our
                                             clinical care skills more relevant than ever.




                                                     10
                                            ANNUAL REP ORT 20 20




                                                “...there is no doubt that high-
                                                quality aged-care services will
                                                continue to be in demand.”

There is enormous demand ahead for            Thank you
our services as the population ages.
                                              It was quite a year. We are looking forward to the
COVID-19 only adds to this – there is
                                              challenges ahead and, as always, thank you for your
no doubt that high-quality aged-care
                                              support as shareholders.
services will continue to be in demand.
We are committed to continue our
growth as we see real opportunity
ahead and we have a significant build
programme to meet that demand.

                                              Dr David Kerr
Board strengthened                            CHAIR , RYMAN HEALT HCARE
In November we welcomed Paula Jeffs
to the board. Paula is a Melbourne-
based human resources executive
with experience across the healthcare,
financial and government sectors.
People are a precious resource and
identifying talent and finding and
developing the leaders we need to take
us into the future are challenges for us,
especially in a COVID-19 world.
In her short time with us, Paula’s
insights have been invaluable, and we
look forward to her contribution in the
months and years ahead.
I would like to thank all my board
colleagues for their support through
what was an extraordinary year.
You can be proud of the job they do
representing you as our business owners.




                                                      11
            RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Project Safe Haven in action




                    12
ANNUAL REP ORT 20 20




         13
            RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Chief executive’s report




                    14
                            ANNUAL REP ORT 20 20




In 2020 we faced a
series of extraordinary
challenges caused by
COVID-19. We also
made a lot of progress,
which has left us in a
strong position to grow
and develop in the
years ahead.

G O R D O N M AC L E O D
RY M A N H E A LT H CA R E C H I E F E X E C U T I V E




                                      15
                                   RY MAN HEALT HCARE




                                       “...we're in a good position
                                       to grow and to prosper as
                                       a company.”

I am incredibly proud of the way    Rising to the challenge
Ryman Healthcare performed          The COVID-19 challenge has made us more determined
in 2020.                            than ever to take care of our residents, and to get better at
                                    what we do.
COVID-19 presented us with
                                    Our residents and their families loved what our team did to
a significant challenge, the        keep them safe. Our team thrived on the challenge.
likes of which we have not          The coming year will not be lacking in challenge as we get
seen in the history of Ryman.       to grips with COVID-19, but we're in a good position to grow
                                    and to prosper as a company.
We adapted to that challenge
quickly and, most importantly,
kept everyone safe.                 A year of two parts
                                    2020 was a year of two distinct parts – pre-COVID-19 and
But it is early days and we are     then living in what became the COVID-19 emergency from
not complacent. COVID-19 will       late January 2020.
be with us for a very long time.    We had a solid first 10 months of the year. February 2020
                                    was our strongest February ever with record sales and we
                                    had built a lot of momentum for March, which is the end of
                                    the selling season for us and traditionally our biggest month.


                                    U N DERLYIN G P ROF IT GROWT H ($M)

                                    $250


                                    $200


                                    $150


                                    $100


                                     $50


                                      $0
                                           2002
                                           2003
                                           2004
                                           2005
                                           2006
                                           2007
                                           2008
                                           2009
                                           2010
                                           2011
                                           2012
                                           2013
                                           2014
                                           2015
                                           2016
                                           2017
                                           2018
                                           2019
                                           2020




                                            16
                                            ANNUAL REP ORT 20 20




                                                 “Our care residents made 8,500
                        0
                                                 Zoom calls to loved ones in
                     202
 Ag
  ed
       Ca
                                       es
                                     ill
                                    ag           lockdown, totalling 6,500 hours.”
          re &                    tV
                 R e t i re m e n




I was confident we would be hitting           We also had to find a way to keep our aged-care residents in
growth in underlying profit in the            touch with their loved ones with no visitors allowed.
range of 15 percent for the year, which       I was delighted that we were able to deploy Zoom across
is our ongoing medium-term growth             the several thousand tablets that, because of myRyman, are
target. We were launching into our            present in every care room. Our care residents made 8,500
biggest-ever build programme with             Zoom calls to loved ones in lockdown, totalling 6,500 hours.
12 sites under way and were on track
to be delivering over 1,000 beds and          We could do all of this because we have invested heavily in
units in the year ahead.                      technology over the past 4 years, particularly in myRyman,
                                              and this digital investment paid dividends in the crisis.
Then COVID-19 started to take hold.
We took some big decisions including          It meant we already had the hardware in place and software
starting to ban visitors from countries       platforms to cope in the COVID-19 environment. When we
with COVID-19 in January, locking             needed something different, such as booking systems or
down access to our villages in March,         contact tracing software, our IT team was able to deliver quickly.
increasing pay at our New Zealand             Our sales advisors hit the phones to keep in touch with
villages during lockdown and stocking         prospects and people under contract, and were back selling
up on PPE to keep everyone safe.              again safely once restrictions were lifted.
We shut down all of our construction
sites in New Zealand, but we were
able to continue building in a reduced        Building from a solid base in care
capacity in Victoria.                         We continued to improve the experience of living in a Ryman
We sent home all our Christchurch,            village and we were once again named the Most Trusted Brand
Auckland and Melbourne office teams           in the aged-care and retirement-village sector in New Zealand.
and redeployed some of our people             This is the sixth time we have received this award and it was
to support our villages – keeping in          backed by our continued clinical excellence, with more than
touch with residents, doing welfare calls     80 percent of our New Zealand villages now having achieved
and supporting with communications            gold standard 4-year certification.
and logistics. We even redeployed
                                              We completed the roll-out of our myRyman Life dementia
our builders to help at our villages –
                                              training programme, which aims to support people living with
becoming our delivery and security team.
                                              dementia to live in the moment, and to feel kindness, love
Our technology team moved several             and security.
hundred people to home-based
working pretty much overnight.




                                                      17
                                                 RY MAN HEALT HCARE




It promotes spontaneity, laughter                 A host of community organisations and good causes
and happiness by de-stressing their               benefited from our support during the year. In the Pacific we
environment, allowing them to make                supported Samoa during the measles epidemic by funding
sense of their world, lifting their quality       vaccination equipment, and we supported staff affected by
of life and demystifying dementia for             Cyclone Harold.
their loved ones.                                 We raised $440,000 for our annual charity partners, the
More than 3,200 of our team members               Breast Cancer Foundation in New Zealand and the National
have completed the training and more              Breast Cancer Foundation in Australia. In the coming year we
than 840 family members took the                  will be supporting Melanoma New Zealand and Melanoma
time to train as well, so they can better         Institute Australia.
understand dementia.                              Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern awarded our fifth annual
All of our New Zealand villages have              Ryman Prize during the year. The $250,000 international
been granted the Dementia Friendly tick           prize is presented for the best work, carried out anywhere
by Alzheimers NZ. We are the largest              in the world, that has enhanced quality of life for older
organisation of our kind to achieve this          people. The winner was Dr Michael Fehlings, a world-leader
status across all our villages.                   neurosurgeon and researcher who has concentrated on a
We are proud of this achievement. Every           condition called degenerative cervical myelopathy, which
aspect of what we do was examined to              affects 10 percent of the older population.
ensure that we are truly an organisation          We looked at ways to make our villages more sustainable
that is committed to providing kind,              and managed to decrease our carbon footprint from our
caring and supportive environments for            New Zealand villages by 18 percent in the 2019 calendar year,
people living with dementia.                      chiefly by diverting waste away from landfill.
We are Alzheimers NZ’s lead partner,
and we support the mission to
demystify and destigmatise dementia.




Dr Michael Fehlings and The Right Honourable
Jacinda Ardern, Prime Minister of New Zealand.

                                                          18
                                            ANNUAL REP ORT 20 20




                                                 “No-one needed to be told how
                                                 important keeping our residents
                                                 safe is. It is part of our team’s DNA.”

Developing our team                           Strong base for growth
A focus for the year was improving life       During the year we purchased four new sites:
for our team members. This included           Ringwood East and Highett in Melbourne, Northwood
further development of our LEAP               in Christchurch and Takapuna in Auckland. These new
and senior leadership development             sites added 1,075 beds and units, maintaining our land
programmes, continued focus on                bank at over 6,500 beds and units.
health, safety and wellbeing, and             We had a great year at getting sites through planning.
improving the pay and conditions of           Seven new villages were approved by councils including:
our teams.                                    Havelock North in the Hawkes Bay, Hobsonville in
Our safety culture also proved it             Auckland, Riccarton Park in Christchurch, Aberfeldie
was up to the challenge of COVID-19.          and Highett in Melbourne and Ocean Grove and Highton
No-one needed to be told how                  in Victoria.
important keeping our residents               This added 2,029 beds and units to our consented
safe is. It is part of our team’s DNA.        land bank and we finished the year with our largest
The net result of all this work was the       consented land bank: 60 percent of beds and
strongest staff survey results in our         units consented.
history. This puts us in a great position     In addition to this, we’ve submitted a further seven
to get even better.                           applications representing 2,235 beds and units at Karori
                                              in Wellington, Kohimarama in Auckland, Park Terrace and
                                              Northwood in Christchurch, Ringwood East in Melbourne
                                              and Mt Martha and Mt Eliza in Victoria.
                                              Experience tells us that some villages may take longer than
                                              others to get approval, and that’s why we have focused on
                                              creating a strong pipeline of projects to develop.
                                              It is a real credit to the team and means we are well placed
                                              for growth over the next few years.


                                              Busy building
                                              We are building on 12 sites. We are not planning to start
                                              on any other new sites at this stage, even though we have
                                              options to do so.
                                              We lost momentum because of COVID-19 but we are
                                              targeting our build rate to be 900 beds and units
                                              in the coming year.




                                                      19
                                              RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Better by design                               Increased development activity
We put a lot of energy and investment          Our total assets increased 15 percent to $7.68 billion
into improving the design of the               during the year. Receipts from residents also lifted in
apartments, townhouses and villages            the year, up 12 percent to $1.13 billion.
we are delivering.                             Our debt increased to $1.7 billion reflecting our expansion
Our interiors team has revamped the            into Victoria and a lift in our construction activity, which sees
design of our public areas, cafés and          us now building across 12 sites. This is our biggest ever build
the kitchens and bathrooms in our              program. The vast majority of this debt relates to our land
apartments and townhouses.                     bank and development working capital. Our goal remains
The new kitchens and bathrooms                 that our villages are self-funding on completion. This means
have been a hit with residents. They           we endeavour to recycle our cash investment in each village
feature Italian-style wall and floor tiles,    while also establishing a recurring revenue stream of care fees,
waterfall-style bench tops, warm wood          deferred management fees and resales that will grow over time.
tones and new lighting and cabinetry.
They’re fresh, modern and what our             CAS H RECEIPTS F ROM RES IDEN TS ($B N )
residents have told us they like.
                                               $1.2


                                               $0.9


                                               $0.6


                                               $0.3


                                               $0.0

                                                          2015     2016         2017   2018       2019   2020


                                               TOTAL AS S ETS ($B N )

                                               $8.0


                                               $6.0


                                               $4.0


                                               $2.0


                                               $0.0

                                                        2015     2016          2017    2018       2019   2020
                                                                          Bank debt    Total assets

                                                       20
                                               ANNUAL REP ORT 20 20




Living in a COVID-19 world
                                                   “We plan to continuously
If you could pick any countries in the
world to operate in during a pandemic,             improve what we do
it would be hard to beat New Zealand               for residents, build
and Australia.
We have been through a short-term
                                                   wonderful villages in
crisis, but we couldn’t be in a better spot.       great locations, develop
They are both markets with ageing                  our teams and make the
populations, where a shortage of
housing and care options is likely in              best of new technology. ”
the years ahead. We believe the best
years are in front of us and we remain
committed to growth so that we can
serve more communities.
We plan to continuously improve
what we do for residents, build
wonderful villages in great locations,
develop our teams and make the best
of new technology.
As shareholders I think you can feel
very proud of your investment in
Ryman and of the people that work
for your company.
They have done an incredible job and
will continue to do so.




Gordon MacLeod
C HIE F E X EC U T I VE , RY M A N
HE ALTHCAR E




                                                        21
                RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Our directors
          Dr David Kerr
          M BC H B, F RN ZCGP
          CHAIR

          David joined Ryman’s board in 1994 and has held the role of
          chair since 1999. A general practitioner, David is a fellow and
          past president of the New Zealand Medical Association. He was
          awarded a Fellowship with Distinction by the Royal New Zealand
          College of General Practitioners. He is chair of EcoCentral and
          Centercare Limited and a director of Forté Health, Third Age Health
          and Ngāi Tahu Property.



          Jo Appleyard
          L L B (H O NS)
          D I R ECTOR

          Jo is a partner at Chapman Tripp. She is a skilled advocate and
          litigator specialising in commercial, employment, and resource
          management law. Jo has been a member of the NZ Markets
          Disciplinary Tribunal since 2011.


          George Savvides
          A M , BE (H ON S), MBA , FAICD
          D I R ECTOR

          George lives in Melbourne and has 20 years’ CEO experience
          in Australia’s healthcare industry including 14 years as CEO
          of Medibank, Australia’s largest health insurer. George joined
          Ryman’s board in 2013. He is also chair of listed biotech company,
          Next Science Ltd, deputy chair of public broadcaster SBS, and
          non-executive director of IAG (Insurance Australia Group).
          A Fellow of the Australian Institute of Company Directors, he was
          made a Member of the Order of Australia in 2020.


          Warren Bell
          M C O M , FCA
          D I R ECTOR

          Warren joined the board in 2011. He is an experienced public and
          private company director, and was previously an audit partner.
          Warren is currently chair of Hallenstein Glasson and St George’s
          Hospital, and is a director of several private companies.



                           22
     ANNUAL REP ORT 20 20




Claire Higgins
BC O M , FCPA , FAICD
D I R ECTOR

Based in Victoria, Claire is a director and consultant with board
experience in Australia and New Zealand. She joined Ryman’s board
in 2014. Claire is chair of REI Superannuation Pty Ltd, and holds
director positions in the property, health and philanthropic sectors.
Claire had a long executive career at BHP and OneSteel Limited
before becoming a professional director.


Geoffrey Cumming
BE (H O N S), MS C (ECON ), LLD
D I R ECTOR

Geoff rejoined the board in June 2018, having previously served as
a director from 1999 to 2000. He is a Canada-based New Zealand
citizen who is an economist, investor and philanthropist. He has
more than 30 years’ experience as a chief executive and as a
company director, having served on more than 25 corporate boards
in a wide range of countries and industries.


Anthony Leighs
NZC B
D I R ECTOR

Anthony is managing director of Leighs Construction, which
he founded in 1995 and built into one of New Zealand’s leading
commercial construction contractors. He is a former chairman
of the New Zealand Registered Master Builders Association.
Anthony joined the Ryman board in 2018.



Paula Jeffs
BA (P SYCH & MEDIA), GRAD DIP (IR), GAICD, CAHRI
D I R ECTOR

Paula is a Melbourne-based human resources executive with
experience across the healthcare, finance and government sectors
and deep expertise in workforce planning, organisational capability
and executive coaching. She joined the Ryman board in 2019. In the
early stages of her working life, Paula spent several years as a carer
in the aged and disability sector.

               23
               RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Our senior executives
          Gordon MacLeod
          C H I EF EXECUT IV E

          Gordy joined Ryman in 2007. He had previously been a corporate
          finance partner with PwC and was the finance director of a
          London-listed hi-tech engineering company. Gordy has a Bachelor
          of Commerce degree and during the year he was made a Fellow
          of Chartered Accountants Australia New Zealand (FCA). He is a
          board member of the New Zealand Aged Care Association and
          the Retirement Villages Association.




          Cheyne Chalmers
          C H I E F O P ERAT ION S OF F ICER

          Cheyne is a registered nurse and has worked in New Zealand
          and Australia in senior roles in public health, including as
          Executive Director of Residential and Support Services and
          Chief Nursing and Midwifery Officer at Monash Health, Melbourne,
          and has been influential at a state and national level. Cheyne
          is also an adjunct professor at Deakin University in Victoria.
          Cheyne joined Ryman in 2020.




          Tom Brownrigg
          C H I EF C O N ST RUCT ION OF F ICER

          Tom joined Ryman in 2006 and has overseen the
          construction of more than 20 Ryman villages. He has
          over 30 years’ experience in the construction industry
          in New Zealand and the United Kingdom, in roles ranging
          from carpentry to project management.




                           24
     ANNUAL REP ORT 20 20




Nicole Forster
C H I EF P EOP LE AN D T ECHN OLO GY OF F ICER

Nicole joined Ryman in 2011. After holding the roles of
Group HR Manager and Group Shared Services Manager,
she was promoted to Chief People and Technology Officer
in 2018. Before joining Ryman, Nicole worked in a variety of
human resource, healthcare-related and leadership roles.




Jeremy Moore
C H I EF DEV ELOP MEN T OF F ICER

Jeremy is an experienced property executive in the
retirement sector. He has been a senior member of the
Ryman development team since 2012 and was appointed
Chief Development Officer in January 2020. He holds a
Bachelor of Commerce and Management degree.




Mary-Anne Stone
ACT I NG CHIEF SALES AN D MARKET IN G OF F ICER

Mary-Anne has over 25 years’ experience in healthcare
in roles ranging from village manager to business
development and general practice management.
Mary-Anne has a Masters in Population Health focused
on health systems for ageing populations and health
equity. Mary-Anne rejoined Ryman in 2020.




David Bennett
C H I EF F IN AN CIAL OF F ICER

Dave joined Ryman in 2013 and was promoted to Chief
Financial Officer in 2017. Dave has a Bachelor of Commerce
degree and is a chartered accountant. Before joining
Ryman, he worked as an accountant and auditor.



                25
                                       RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Joan Swift
ED M U ND H I L L ARY R ES I D E N T


                                               26
    ANNUAL REP ORT 20 20




Thinking of
everything


             27
                                     RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Ryman residents are nothing           Joan Swift was one of the thousands of residents to get
if not inventive, finding a myriad    in touch to say thanks.
of ways to thank their village        In fact, she was so impressed that Ryman Healthcare
teams for the work they did           was doing its utmost to keep all of its residents safe,
                                      she even wrote a letter to TV3’s The AM Show listing
through lockdown.
                                      all the many measures the company had taken in its
                                      34 New Zealand villages.
They teamed up to thank them
with poems, pot banging, home         “We have just been so well looked after I wanted to tell
                                      them,” she says.
baking, impromptu concerts, tea
towel waves and serenades. At         “The management and staff went that extra mile to keep
                                      us happy and occupied, and always with lots of smiles.”
Bruce McLaren they gathered
on the balconies to applaud the       Visitors were screened weeks before the country went
                                      into lockdown, and everyone who did visit had to have a
teams, and a number of family
                                      temperature check and sign a declaration stating they
members at different villages         were not unwell and hadn’t been in contact with people
arranged for special treats to be     coming from overseas.
sent to staff during lockdown.        Residents were also advised to stay within the village and
                                      staff stepped up the number of deliveries of groceries
                                      and supplies to reduce the need to leave the grounds.
                                      “We’d still get our happy hour each week, just delivered
                                      to the door. On Wednesdays we’d receive a bottle of
                                      milk, a loaf of bread and a packet of biscuits and we also
                                      received a huge carton of groceries including essentials
                                      and some sweet treats.”
                                      In her letter to TV3, she wrote: “This was so generous
                                      and thoughtful of Ryman. They are to be commended for
                                      their spontaneous gifts.”
                                      Along with waving to her family from afar when they
                                      brought her groceries, Joan says these gifts were a real
                                      highlight of the lockdown as it was always exciting to see
                                      what it could be.




                                              28
                                                ANNUAL REP ORT 20 20




                             Joan Swift              “What is not to like about
           EDM UN D H I LLA RY R ES I D E N T
                                                     being at Edmund Hillary
                                                     Retirement Village”

And she was pleased to see that                   Joan put her time in lockdown to good use. Having worked
Ryman was looking after the team too.             as a volunteer for cancer charities for decades, she decided
                                                  to get busy and organise the mountain of photos and
“The staff got a pay rise during Level 4
                                                  cuttings she had collected.
and were given free meals and groceries
to take home to their families.                   “I thought it’s about time I did a sort out and that took me
                                                  quite a while.
“Flu vaccinations were made available
to everyone and a counselling line was            “Then I’d do the wordsearch every day, which I thoroughly
set up,” she says.                                enjoyed. I read a stack of books, and I’d go for a walk and the
                                                  day just went!”
“What is not to like about being at
Edmund Hillary Retirement Village.                The move to Level 2 was wonderful for Joan, who could
Thanks to the vigilance of the teams              finally visit her family again. Having gone from weekly dinners
who look after us all, my family are very         with them to not seeing them at all had been the hardest part.
happy I am in such a safe bubble.”                Joan says she has loved every minute of her 9 years
Joan says the staff would set up a                living at Edmund Hillary Retirement Village, and going into
boom box outside different apartment              lockdown was just more confirmation that she had made
blocks each day to play music for all             the right move.
the residents.
“Each apartment block had a day
where we’d all pop out onto our decks
to sing! The singing was another
highlight for me.”




                                                          29
RY MAN HEALT HCARE




        30
    ANNUAL REP ORT 20 20




Our
business
model


             31
                                    RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Our business model revolves around caring for            Creating value
older people and building communities where              Ryman Healthcare creates value by
people love to live and work. We do this by              building communities where people
building critical healthcare infrastructure and          love to live and work.
quality living options for older people.                 We have been doing this since 1984.
                                                         We build communities with a purpose.
We start by finding the right site, making sure that     They are places where older people
we are taking Ryman to the right places. We then         can choose to live in beautiful homes
consult with local stakeholders – as these will be       and enjoy all the benefits of living in a
our neighbours, our suppliers, our employees             retirement community surrounded by
and our residents – before developing plans              supportive friends.

for the village. Our villages are part of a              They are communities where residents
                                                         can also expect the best of care should
community, so it is critical that we engage with
                                                         they need it.
a wide range of stakeholders to make sure our
                                                         They are places where their families
village design works for both our neighbours
                                                         can visit and feel at home.
and our future residents.
                                                         Families know their loved ones have
We then build the village and sell down the              the comfort, security and dignity that
                                                         come with the best clinical care.
occupation rights to the units to recycle cash
to reinvest in the next village.                         Right at the start, 36 years ago, our
                                                         co-founder Kevin Hickman described
                                                         this purpose as providing care that had
                                                         to be ‘‘good enough for Mum” (or Dad).
                                                         That goal remains unchanged. It is
                                                         what we do. We see it as our privilege
                                                         to do it.




                                             32
                                        ANNUAL REP ORT 20 20




Using our capitals to build integrated communities
Our business model draws on six capitals to create value over time.




Our people                          Our expertise                     Our communities
Our most precious resource          Over the past 36 years we have    Each time we build a Ryman
is our people. Making sure they     built a wealth of knowledge       village, we establish a new
get home safe and well each         in how to build and operate       community within the residents’
day is our priority.                communities where people          wider community dedicated
We want them to love the            thrive in retirement and          to meeting an important and
experience of working at            receive the best of care. We do   growing social need – the care
Ryman, and we want to do            everything we can ourselves,      of older people. With a rapidly
everything we can to allow          so we have built a huge amount    ageing population, the critical
them to develop and build           of intellectual property and      infrastructure we are building
long-term careers with us.          systems experience which          is an important asset to the
                                    we use to our advantage.          broader community. The wider
                                    We listen to our residents,       community also benefits from
                                    staff and families and are        the long-term sustainable jobs
                                    constantly innovating.            we create, and the release of
                                                                      family homes for new owners.




Our relationships                   Our environment                   Our financial strength
Each village generates a            We make sure all our decisions    Our financial strength allows
network of relationships            are made with sustainability      us to reinvest to create value
between residents, their            in mind, so that we leave the     in the medium and long term
families, and our teams. We         environment in good condition     as well as generating returns
have worked with some of our        for the generations to come.      for shareholders to reward
suppliers for a long time. We       We encourage our team and         them for investing in us. Our
have grown together and built       the people who supply us to       view is always long term.
a great deal of trust. We value     think the same way.               We recognise our investors
these relationships; they are                                         have plenty of choice about
the basis of our success.                                             where to invest, and we
                                                                      appreciate their support.




                                                   33
                     RY MAN HEALT HCARE




How we create value over time

                                                                                 ND   CARE
                                                                         ES   SA
                                                                     N
                                                             K   IND



   RESOURCES                                                CARING FOR
                                                            OUR OLDER
                                                            PEOPLE
     Our people


     Our expertise


     Our
     communities


     Our
     relationships
                                                                       2. Develop
                                                                          and support
                                                                              our team
                                                                              members

     Our
     environment

                                    ST
                                               1. Build
                                                  integrated
                                                       retirement
                                      RO               villages
     Our financial                        NG
     strength                              TE
                                               M
                                               A
                                                   S
                                                                         GO
                                                                               OD
                                                                                      ENOU
                                                             LE
                                                                  AD                         G H FO
                                                                       AN
                                                                            DE
                                                                                 MPO
                                                                                       WER



                             34
                                                                ANNUAL REP ORT 20 20




     STRIV
           E   FOR
                     EXC
                           EL
                                LE
                                     NC
                                          E


                                                                                  VALUE
                                                                                  CREATED
                                                                                       Freedom to live
                                                                                       with choice

                                                                                       Care now and
                                                                                       into the future

       4. Create sustainable
          communities                                                                  Incomes, security
                                                                                       and wellbeing for
                                                                                       our team

                                                                                       Revenues for our
                                                                                       business partners

                                                                    URE
                                                                 OS
                                                                                       Returns for
                                                                                       providers of
                                                                MP                     capital
    3. Deliver
       world-class                                         ND
                                                               CO

         care                                             EA
                                                                                       Recycle capital
                                                     NC                                to invest in
                                                 IE                                    future growth
                                                 S   IL
               AD                             RE
         RD
OR MUM O
                           N
                     TIO
            UN   I CA
     COMM


                                                                          35
                                           RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Our business model creates sustainable value                       experience at Ryman to be the best
                                                                   it can be and the only way to achieve
Each Ryman village we build goes on to become an integral
                                                                   that is by keeping care at the heart of
part of its wider community, providing homes and care for
                                                                   everything we do.
our residents, reassurance for families, and careers and
livelihoods for hundreds of team members.                          We constantly review our processes
                                                                   and evolve through innovation so
As well as creating homes for our residents, our villages
                                                                   that the care we provide is always of
become hubs for community activities as residents bring
                                                                   the highest standard. This is evident
their lifetime interests, friends and activities with them when
                                                                   through innovations such as our
they move in. Each village frees up hundreds of homes in its
                                                                   myRyman care app. This custom-made
community for families to move into.
                                                                   app has made a once-in-a-generation
                                                                   improvement to the way we deliver care.
Freedom to live with choice                                        Our care continues to be recognised
                                                                   as the best in the industry, with over
Our villages offer living choices to suit everyone so residents    80 percent of our care centres having
can live the way they want and blaze their own trails. Today’s     achieved 4-year certification. This is
retirement generation have their own vision on how they’d like     awarded by the New Zealand Ministry
to spend their retirement – they’re travelling, finding time for   of Health and is recognised as the ‘gold
pastimes, taking on responsibilities in their communities, and     standard’ of care and we have also
they have no intention of letting retirement slow them down.       achieved excellence in our audit results
The pace of life doesn’t stop at the village gates. In fact,       in Australia.
many residents tell us they’re more active since moving to         The healthcare community – be it local
a Ryman village. They have more time to do the things they         health boards, GPs or pharmacists
love, they’re making new friends and they’re even trying new       – recognises that we are building
things that they never dreamed of trying before.                   critical healthcare infrastructure for
But when things get tough, as has been the case in recent          the benefit of the area. They quickly
months, our villages are safe havens providing security and        become our partners in the delivery
assurance for our residents and their families.                    of healthcare services. We’re on the
                                                                   same team when it comes to caring for
                                                                   people in their community.
Care now and into the future
Our villages offer comprehensive care options including
resthome, hospital and specialist dementia care. We are            Incomes, security and wellbeing
an integral part of the health system in New Zealand, and          for our team
increasingly Victoria.                                             Each village we build creates an
Residents and their families feel reassured knowing that our       economic engine in the community it
care services are there if they ever need them.                    serves, and its impact ripples out to
                                                                   hundreds of stakeholders.
We continue to go beyond what’s expected because we want
our residents to live life to the full. We want their everyday

                                                      36
                                              ANNUAL REP ORT 20 20




A new village creates hundreds of long-term, sustainable             Since then, our model of recycling
and skilled jobs.                                                    capital has enabled us to reinvest in our
During the peak of construction, up to 400 workers will              people, systems and villages and grow
be on site each day.                                                 that $25 million to $7.7 billion in assets.

Once it is built, a village plays a significant role in the lives    Pioneers
of our team and their families.                                      Ryman has always been a company
Each member of our team is part of the wider community,              of pioneers. Kevin Hickman and John
and their prosperity, happiness and wellbeing at work                Ryder pioneered the retirement-village
extend out to their families, and further.                           industry model in 1984.
                                                                     Over the years we have cared for more
                                                                     than 35,000 people and their families,
Revenues for our business partners                                   and we have built a huge amount of
We have worked with some of our suppliers for decades.               trust in what we do.
We build long-lasting relationships and their businesses             Kevin had a great saying:
have grown as we have.
                                                                     “As soon as you think you’ve got it
Our villages also become an economic hub for local                   cracked – you’re done.’’
businesses, including suppliers, hairdressers, florists and
a host of long-term business partners.                               He was right. We aim for excellence
                                                                     every day, but we also know there are
                                                                     times when we may not get it right.
Returns for providers of capital                                     We can never be complacent.
Since 1999 we have returned 50 percent of our underlying             We will never settle for the status
profit to shareholders, and we have invested the other               quo and our formula is constantly
50 percent for future growth.                                        being refined as we build each new
This formula has ensured that our shareholders share in              generation of villages.
our success, and they share in our plans to create value in          What we know for sure is the status
the medium and long term by building a growing network of            quo today won’t be there tomorrow,
villages that are needed to cope with the ageing population.         because the needs of our residents are
Including the 2020 final dividend, more than $920 million            constantly changing.
in dividends has been returned to shareholders.                      We must continually adapt to this and
                                                                     make the best use of technological
                                                                     advances to improve the quality of
Recycle capital to invest in future growth
                                                                     care we can deliver.
In 1999 Ryman listed on the NZX and raised $25 million
                                                                     We’re looking forward to pioneering the
to expand and build a portfolio of villages to meet the
                                                                     next phase and continuing to create
extraordinary demand for retirement living that lay ahead.
                                                                     value in the decades to come.


                                                          37
         RY MAN HEALT HCARE




We have our largest
pipeline of consented
villages, which gives
us a great platform
for growth.




                 38
                                                    ANNUAL REP ORT 20 20




Our pipeline of villages

Villages                           Design           Consenting        Council       Construction   Village open    Final
                                                                      approval                                    stages

           Nellie Melba
           Murray Halberg
           William Sanders
           Linda Jones
           John Flynn
           Lincoln Road
           Highton
           Havelock North
           Aberfeldie
           Hobsonville
           Riccarton Park
           Ocean Grove
           Highett
           Coburg
           Northwood
           Mt Martha
           Kohimarama
           Ringwood East
           Mt Eliza
           Park Terrace
           Karori
           Takapuna*
           Newtown
The pipeline is subject to resource and building consent and various regulatory approvals.
* Subject to Overseas Investment Office approval.

                                                                 39
RY MAN HEALT HCARE




        40
    ANNUAL REP ORT 20 20




Health,
safety and
wellbeing


             41
                                            RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Health, safety and wellbeing                                     Safer Together
At Ryman everything we do in health, safety and wellbeing        Although we operate as a single
is driven by our vision, our key values and our beliefs. Our     company, the reality is each division
culture is to look after and support our people; they make       within Ryman is unique, with different
Ryman the company it is.                                         levels of risk and different environments.
We strive to be safer together by encouraging our people         Instead of having a one-size-fits-all team
to speak up on safety and to go the extra mile so we can         working across Ryman, we continue
achieve our vision of Everyone home safe and well.               to build our team of health, safety and
And we are working to further embed health, safety and           wellbeing leaders for construction,
wellbeing so that it is considered an integral part of all our   operations and our offices, ensuring we
business decisions.                                              have specialists working within each.
                                                                 Our aim is to ensure our teams have
Our safety message comprises three steps:                        specialised and focused help at hand.




1
                                                                 We want our people to feel empowered
           Stop – If you don’t feel safe or comfortable          to make a positive difference to health,
           doing something, please stop. We will support         safety and wellbeing. Our Safer Together
           you in this decision even if it affects build         panels provide the opportunity for our
           timeframes or any other project deadlines at          team members and the wider Ryman
           our villages, offices or construction sites.          family to come together and discuss




2
                                                                 what we can do better in health, safety
           Intervene – If you see anyone doing                   and wellbeing.
           something unsafe, don’t sit back or walk
           by – please intervene.




3
           Speak up – Speak up on safety. Tell your
           manager or supervisor if you’re not being
           supported in working safely. Escalate it if
           nothing happens. If you feel uncomfortable
           doing so, then call the confidential HR line.




                                                       42
                                           ANNUAL REP ORT 20 20




Strengthening the health and wellbeing                            Enhancing health, safety
of our people                                                     and wellbeing within our wider
The COVID-19 crisis has put a significant amount of               Ryman family
pressure on our team, and many of them made huge                  One of Ryman’s key strengths is
personal sacrifices to stay at work and keep residents safe.      our ability to bring multiple players
Wellbeing is critical to health and safety and we are             together to identify areas that need
committed to helping our teams reduce exposure to                 improvement in health, safety and
work-related health risks and to creating an environment          wellbeing, and to work collectively to
that enhances our people’s wellbeing.                             deliver results.

Teams that are supported to positively manage their               This commitment to improvement
personal health and wellbeing are three times more                involves engaging on our health, safety
productive than those with poor health, and evidence              and wellbeing practices with our
suggests they are likely to act and work more safely too.         suppliers, who are an integral part of
                                                                  the wider Ryman family.
We now have a dedicated group health, safety and wellbeing
manager who is specifically focused on the overall safety and     Contributing to the improvement of the
wellness of our people. During the year a large programme         safety and quality of life of the people in
of work, including a wellness month and additional wellness       our communities means everyone wins.
days for team members, was completed.                             At Ryman, we are striving to lead by
                                                                  example through ensuring health,
                                                                  safety and wellbeing is always our
Key improvements in 2020
                                                                  priority, and it is our commitment to
                                                                  ensure appropriate resource is always
     50%              increase in safety team support
                      on all construction sites
                                                                  available to support our vision. We’ve
                                                                  always been about being “good enough
                                                                  for Mum” (or Dad) and we strongly
     50%              reduction in high-risk findings
                      from construction safety audits
                                                                  believe that the only thing good enough
                                                                  for Mum, when it comes to health,
                                                                  safety and wellbeing, is our vision of
     17%              reduction in village staff injuries         Everyone home safe and well.




                                                      43
RY MAN HEALT HCARE




        44
     ANNUAL REP ORT 20 20




Our
financials


              45
         RY MAN HEALT HCARE




COVID-19 has presented
numerous challenges
for our residents, future
residents and staff
however, we remain in
good shape with a strong
balance sheet.




                 46
                                                       ANNUAL REP ORT 20 20




6-year summary
FO R THE YE A R END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 0
                                                            2020           2019           2018           2017           2016           2015

Financial
Underlying profit (non-GAAP)                    $m          242.0          227.0         203.5           178.3           157.7         136.3
Reported net profit after tax                   $m          264.7          326.0          388.2          356.7         305.4           241.9
Net operating cash flows                        $m          449.8          401.4          349.3         322.8           315.5         234.0
Net assets                                      $m        2,301.0         2,170.1       1,940.5         1,652.1       1,327.5         1,101.3
Interest-bearing debt to interest-
bearing debt plus equity ratio                   %           42%            38%            35%            34%            29%            27%

Dividend per share                           cents           24.2           22.7           20.4            17.8           15.8          13.6

Villages
New sales of occupation rights                  no.           513            414           458            600             518           545
Resales of occupation rights                    no.           923            824            825            718           690            630
Total sales of occupation rights                no.         1,436          1,238          1,283           1,318         1,208           1,175

Land bank (to be developed) 1,2,3               no.         6,595          6,593          5,952         5,554            4,211        4,228
Portfolio:
Aged-care beds                                  no.          3,911        3,660           3,367          3,281           3,121        2,807
Retirement-village units                        no.         7,423          6,878          6,414         5,968           5,347         4,792
Total units and beds                            no.         11,334        10,538          9,781         9,249          8,468          7,599

1 Includes retirement-village units and aged-care beds.
2 	Included in the 6,595 beds and units is a site acquisition at Takapuna (Auckland) which is subject to Overseas Investment Office approval.
3 Of the 6,595 beds and units in the land bank, 2,626 are subject to resource and building consent.


                                                            2020            2019          2018           2017           2016           2015


Underlying profit (non-GAAP)                    $m          242.0          227.0          203.5          178.3           157.7         136.3
Plus unrealised fair-value movement
on retirement-village units                     $m          (70.9)         102.4          185.3          184.7           151.6         105.7
Plus deferred tax movement                      $m           93.6           (3.4)          (0.6)          (6.3)          (3.9)          (0.1)
Reported net profit after tax                   $m          264.7          326.0          388.2          356.7         305.4           241.9

Underlying profit is a non-GAAP* measure and differs from NZ IFRS profit for the period. Underlying profit does not have a standardised
meaning prescribed by GAAP and so may not be comparable to similar financial information presented by other entities.
The Group uses underlying profit, with other measures, to measure performance. Underlying profit is a measure that the Group uses
consistently across reporting periods.
Underlying profit excludes deferred taxation, taxation expense, and unrealised movement on investment properties because these
items do not reflect the trading performance of the Company. Underlying profit determines the dividend payout to shareholders.
* Generally Accepted Accounting Principles.




                                                                     47
                                                  RY MAN HEALT HCARE




The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.


                                                              48
                                        ANNUAL REP ORT 20 20




Financial statements

50   Primary statements
     50   Consolidated income statement
     50   Consolidated statement of comprehensive income
     51   Consolidated statement of changes in equity
     52   Consolidated balance sheet
     53   Consolidated statement of cash flows


55   Notes to the consolidated financial statements
     55   Statement of compliance
     55   Basis of preparation
     55   Measurement base
     55   Critical judgements in applying accounting policies
     56   Uncertainty due to COVID-19
     56   Summary of significant accounting policies
     65   Other notes
          65       Operating expenses
          65       Depreciation and amortisation expense
          65       Finance costs
          66       Income tax
          68       Trade and other receivables
          69       Property, plant and equipment
          72       Investment properties
          74       Cash and cash equivalents
          74       Trade and other payables
          74       Employee entitlements
          75       Borrowings
          76       Lease liabilities
          77       Occupancy advances (non-interest bearing)
          77       Share capital
          78       Reserves
          79       Dividends
          79       Related-party transactions
          80       Key management personnel compensation
          81       Financial instruments
          86       Commitments
          87       Contingent liabilities
          87       Reconciliation of net profit after tax with net cash flow from operating activities
          88       Subsidiary companies
          89       Segment information
          91       Employee share schemes
          92       Subsequent events
          92       Authorisation


94   Independent auditor’s report


                                                     49
                                                      RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Consolidated income statement
FO R THE YE AR END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 0
                                                                                      Notes               2020                 2019
                                                                                                          $000                $000

Care fees                                                                                              333,398             302,003
Management fees                                                                                           88,713             78,944
Interest received                                                                                           547                 532
Other income                                                                                               1,225                855
Total revenue                                                                                          423,883             382,334

Fair-value movement of investment properties                                               7            144,438             292,910
Total income                                                                                           568,321             675,244

Operating expenses                                                                            1       (349,249)           (303,745)
Depreciation and amortisation expense                                                      2            (28,616)            (23,125)
Finance costs                                                                              3            (19,309)            (18,959)
Total expenses                                                                                        (397,174)          (345,829)

Profit before income tax                                                                                 171,147            329,415
Income-tax credit/(expense)                                                                4             93,563              (3,429)
Profit for the year                                                                                    264,710             325,986

Earnings per share
Basic and diluted (cents per share)                                                       14               52.9                 65.2




Consolidated statement of comprehensive income
FO R THE YE AR END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 0
                                                                                      Notes               2020                 2019
                                                                                                          $000                $000

Profit for the year                                                                                    264,710             325,986


Items that may be later reclassified to profit or loss
Fair-value movement and reclassification of interest-rate swaps                           15            (10,416)              (5,181)
Deferred tax movement on interest-rate swap reserve                                       15               2,916                1,451
Gain on hedge of foreign-owned subsidiary net assets                                      15               1,205               1,333
Loss on translation of foreign operations                                                 15             (5,674)             (4,966)
                                                                                                        (11,969)             (7,363)
Items that will not be later reclassified to profit or loss
Revaluation of property, plant and equipment (unrealised)                               6, 15                  -             24,456
                                                                                                               -             24,456
Other comprehensive income                                                                              (11,969)             17,093
Total comprehensive income                                                                              252,741            343,079




All profit and total comprehensive income is attributable to parent company shareholders and is derived from continuing operations.
The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.


                                                                 50
                                                  ANNUAL REP ORT 20 20




Consolidated statement of changes in equity
FO R THE YE A R END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 0
                                                                                        Foreign-
                                                             Asset          Interest-  currency
                                                 Issued revaluation        rate swap translation   Treasury    Retained        Total
                                     Notes       capital   reserve           reserve     reserve      stock    earnings       equity
                                                  $000        $000            $000        $000        $000        $000        $000

Balance at 1 April 2018                         33,290     233,319           (5,913)    (2,243)    (22,497) 1,704,563 1,940,519
Profit and total comprehensive
income for the year                      15            -     24,456          (3,730)     (3,633)           -    325,986     343,079
Treasury stock movement                  15            -               -           -           -     (4,968)           -     (4,968)
Dividends paid to shareholders           16            -               -           -           -           - (108,500) (108,500)
Closing balance at
31 March 2019                                  33,290      257,775          (9,643)     (5,876)    (27,465) 1,922,049 2,170,130

Balance at 1 April 2019                        33,290      257,775          (9,643)     (5,876)    (27,465) 1,922,049 2,170,130
Profit and total comprehensive
income for the year                      15           -                -    (7,500)     (4,469)           -    264,710      252,741
Treasury stock movement                  15           -                -           -           -    (4,894)            -    (4,894)
Dividends paid to shareholders           16           -                -           -           -          -    (117,000)   (117,000)
Closing balance at
31 March 2020                                  33,290      257,775          (17,143)   (10,345)    (32,359) 2,069,759 2,300,977




The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.


                                                                  51
                                                  RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Consolidated balance sheet
AT 3 1 M ARC H 20 2 0
                                                                       Notes        2020          2019
                                                                                    $000         $000

Assets
Cash and cash equivalents                                                  8       34,374             -
Trade and other receivables                                                5      425,942      344,814
Advances to employees                                                     25       10,224         8,152
Property, plant and equipment                                              6     1,386,072    1,188,940
Investment properties                                                      7    5,760,060     5,081,607
Intangible assets                                                                   38,119      27,968
Deferred tax asset (net)                                                   4       22,455             -
Total assets                                                                    7,677,246     6,651,481

Equity
Issued capital                                                            14       33,290       33,290
Asset revaluation reserve                                                 15      257,775       257,775
Interest-rate swap reserve                                                15       (17,143)     (9,643)
Foreign-currency translation reserve                                      15      (10,345)      (5,876)
Treasury stock                                                         15, 25    (32,359)      (27,465)
Retained earnings                                                         15    2,069,759     1,922,049
Total equity                                                                    2,300,977     2,170,130

Liabilities
Trade and other payables                                                   9      183,975      126,909
Employee entitlements                                                     10       25,678       23,834
Revenue in advance                                                                 64,301       57,845
Interest-rate swaps                                                       19       23,809        13,393
Refundable accommodation deposits                                                   74,571       34,013
Bank loans (secured)                                                       11     1,741,613   1,324,003
Occupancy advances (non-interest bearing)                                 13     3,247,177    2,827,690
Lease liabilities                                                         12        15,145            -
Deferred tax liability (net)                                               4              -     73,664
Total liabilities                                                               5,376,269     4,481,351

Total equity and liabilities                                                    7,677,246     6,651,481

Net tangible assets
Basic and diluted (cents per share)                                       14        452.6        428.4




The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.


                                                              52
                                                  ANNUAL REP ORT 20 20




Consolidated statement of cash flows
FO R THE YE A R END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 0
                                                                         Notes       2020         2019
                                                                                    $000          $000

Operating activities
Receipts from residents                                                     22    1,129,933   1,009,496
Interest received                                                                      573         588
Payments to suppliers and employees                                              (345,765)    (306,234)
Payments to residents                                                            (315,903)    (283,736)
Interest paid                                                                     (19,047)      (18,689)
Net operating cash flows                                                    22    449,791      401,425

Investing activities
Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                        (265,177)    (150,252)
Purchase of intangible assets                                                       (9,712)      (6,918)
Purchase of investment properties                                                 (401,612)   (364,186)
Capitalised interest paid                                                          (34,911)    (31,003)
Advances to employees                                                               (2,071)      (2,316)
Net investing cash flows                                                         (713,483)    (554,675)

Financing activities
Drawdown of bank loans (net)                                                       421,874      266,718
Dividends paid                                                                    (117,000)   (108,500)
Purchase of treasury stock (net)                                                   (4,895)      (4,968)
Repayment of lease liabilities                                                      (1,913)            -
Net financing cash flows                                                         298,066       153,250

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                          34,374              -
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                                    -            -
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year                                   34,374              -




The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.


                                                              53
RY MAN HEALT HCARE




        54
                                              ANNUAL REP ORT 20 20




Notes to the consolidated financial statements
FO R THE YE A R END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 0



The notes to the financial statements include                   Apart from the new standards adopted in the
information which is considered relevant and material           current period (see (t) below), the accounting
to assist the reader in understanding changes in                policies set out below have been consistently applied
the Group’s financial position and performance.                 in preparing the financial statements for the year
Information is considered relevant and material if:             ended 31 March 2020. These policies have also been
                                                                applied to the comparative information presented for
•   the amount is significant because of its size
                                                                the year ended 31 March 2019.
    or nature
•   it is important for understanding the results of            The information is presented in thousands of
    the Group                                                   New Zealand dollars.
•   it helps explain changes in the Group’s business            All reference to AUD refers to Australian dollars.
•   it relates to an aspect of the Group’s operations
    that is important to future performance.                    MEASUREMENT BASE
                                                                The Group follows the accounting principles
STATEMENT OF COMPLIANCE                                         recognised as appropriate for measuring and reporting
The financial statements presented are those of                 financial performance and financial position on a
Ryman Healthcare Limited (the Company), and its                 historical-cost basis, except when:
subsidiaries (the Group). Ryman Healthcare Limited is           •   certain property, plant and equipment is
a profit-oriented entity incorporated in New Zealand                subject to revaluation (note 6)
that develops, owns, and operates integrated
                                                                •   investment property is measured at fair
retirement villages, resthomes, and hospitals for the
                                                                    value (note 7)
elderly within New Zealand and Australia.
                                                                •   certain financial assets and liabilities are
Ryman Healthcare Limited is a Financial Markets                     measured at fair value (note 19).
Conduct Act reporting entity under the Financial
Reporting Act 2013 and the Financial Markets                    CRITICAL JUD GEMENTS IN APPLYING
Conduct Act 2013. Its financial statements comply               ACCOUNTING P OLICIES
with these Acts.
                                                                In applying the Group’s accounting policies,
The consolidated financial statements have been                 management must make judgements, estimates,
prepared in line with Generally Accepted Accounting             and assumptions about the carrying value of assets
Principles in New Zealand (NZ GAAP). The statements             and liabilities that are not readily apparent from
comply with New Zealand equivalents to International            direct sources.
Financial Reporting Standards (NZ IFRS) and other
                                                                The estimates and associated assumptions are based
applicable financial-reporting standards.
                                                                on historical experience and various other factors that
The consolidated financial statements also comply               are reasonable under the circumstances. The results
with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS).        form the basis of making the judgements. Actual
                                                                results may differ from these estimates.
BASIS OF PREPARATION
                                                                The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed
Accounting policies are selected and applied in a               on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates
way that ensures the resulting financial information            are recognised in the period in which the estimate
satisfies the concepts of relevance and reliability, and        is revised, if the revision affects only that period.
the substance of the underlying transactions or other           Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised
events is reported.                                             in the period of the revision and future periods, if the
                                                                revision affects both current and future periods.




                                                           55
                                              RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
FO R THE YE AR END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 0



The following accounting policies and notes contain              a. Basis of consolidation – purchase method
information about significant areas of estimation
                                                                    The consolidated financial statements are
uncertainty and critical judgements in applying
                                                                    prepared by combining the financial statements
accounting policies that have the most significant effect
                                                                    of all the entities that comprise the Group,
on the amounts recognised in the financial statements.
                                                                    being the Company (the parent entity) and its
•   Valuation of property, plant and equipment –                    subsidiaries as defined in NZ IFRS 10 Consolidated
    policy (d) and note 6                                           Financial Statements. A list of subsidiaries
•   Valuation of investment property –                              appears in note 23 to the financial statements.
    policy (e) and note 7.                                          Consistent accounting policies are used to
                                                                    prepare and present the consolidated financial
UNCERTAINTY DUE TO COVID -19                                        statements. All significant inter-company
The outbreak of COVID-19, declared by the                           transactions and balances are eliminated in full
World Health Organization as a global pandemic                      on consolidation.
on 11 March 2020, has resulted in an increase in                    The financial statements of subsidiaries are prepared
uncertainty in both global and local markets.                       for the same reporting period as the parent
Both New Zealand and Australia have responded well                  company, using consistent accounting policies.
to the virus with strong public health measures and                 Income and expenses for each subsidiary whose
a range of economic stimulus packages. However,                     functional currency is not New Zealand dollars are
despite the response, there remains uncertainty as                  translated at exchange rates that approximate
to the impact of the virus on market conditions in                  the rates at the actual dates of the transactions.
New Zealand and Australia.                                          Assets and liabilities of such subsidiaries are
The Group’s primary focus in responding to the                      translated at exchange rates at balance date.
pandemic has been to protect the safety of both                     All resulting exchange differences are recognised
residents and staff. Access restrictions were put                   in the foreign-currency translation reserve, which
in place at villages, additional personal protective                is a separate component of equity.
equipment was procured for staff, and other costs
were incurred in supporting residents and staff.                 b. Revenue recognition
Under the lockdown the ability of new residents to                  The Group recognises revenue and income from
enter villages was limited, meaning few sales could                 the following major sources.
be settled, and the restrictions at development sites
resulted in construction activity being suspended.                  •   Care fees
                                                                    •   Management fees
The Group has assessed the impact of COVID-19 and
has concluded that additional uncertainty regarding the             •   Interest received
valuation of property, plant and equipment (note 6) and             Revenue and income are recognised as follows.
valuation of investment properties (note 7) has resulted
from the pandemic. Further disclosure as to the impact              Care fees
of COVID-19 is included in the relevant notes.                      Care facility and retirement-village service
                                                                    fees are linked to providing service on a specific
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING                                   day (service date). Revenue from care and
P OLICIES                                                           retirement-village service fees are recognised on
The following significant accounting policies have                  completion of the service date.
been adopted to prepare and present the financial
statements of the Group.




                                                            56
                                              ANNUAL REP ORT 20 20




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
FO R THE YE A R END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 0



   Management fees                                               land (including long-term leases of land), and care
   Residents of the Group’s independent-living units             facilities under development.
   and serviced apartments pay a management                      All property, plant and equipment is initially
   fee for the right to share in the use of the                  recorded at cost. Typically, these costs include
   village centre and other common facilities. The               the cost of land, materials, wages, and interest
   management fee is calculated as a percentage of               incurred during the period required to complete
   the occupation-right agreement amount. The fee                and prepare the asset for its intended use.
   accrues monthly, for a set period, based on the
   terms of individual contracts.                                Following initial recognition at cost, completed
                                                                 care-facility land and buildings are carried at a
   Management fees are recognised on a straight-line             revalued amount, which is the fair value at the
   basis over the period of service.                             date of the revaluation, less any subsequent
   The period is determined as being the greater of              accumulated depreciation on buildings and
   the expected period of tenure, or the contractual             accumulated impairment losses.
   right to management fees.                                     Independent valuations are performed with
   The expected periods of tenure, based on                      sufficient regularity to ensure that the carrying
   historical experience across our villages, are                amount does not differ materially from the asset’s
   estimated to be 7 years for independent units                 fair value at the balance-sheet date.
   and 3 to 4 years for serviced units. The estimated            Any revaluation surplus is recorded in other
   expected periods of tenure are unchanged from                 comprehensive income and credited to the
   last year.                                                    asset-revaluation reserve included in the equity
   The timing of when management fees are                        section of the balance sheet, unless it reverses a
   recognised is an accounting estimate. Historical              revaluation decrease of the same asset previously
   experience across all villages is used in                     recognised in the income statement. In this case,
   determining periods of tenure.                                the increase is credited to the income statement
                                                                 to the extent of the decrease previously charged.
   Interest received
                                                                 Any revaluation deficit is recognised in the income
   Interest income is recognised in the income                   statement unless it directly offsets a previous
   statement as it accrues, using the effective                  surplus of the same asset in the asset revaluation
   interest method.                                              reserve, in which case the revaluation deficit is
                                                                 recorded in other comprehensive income.
c. Borrowing costs
                                                                 In addition, any accumulated depreciation at the
   Borrowing costs directly attributable to the
                                                                 revaluation date is eliminated against the gross
   acquisition, construction, or production of qualifying
                                                                 carrying amount of the asset, and the net amount
   assets (assets that take a substantial period of
                                                                 is restated to the revalued amount of the asset.
   time to get ready for their intended use) are added
   to the cost of those assets until the assets are              On disposal, any revaluation reserve relating to
   substantially ready for use.                                  the particular asset being sold is transferred to
                                                                 retained earnings.
   All other borrowing costs are recognised
   in profit and loss in the period in which they                An item of property, plant and equipment is
   are incurred.                                                 derecognised on disposal or when no future
                                                                 economic benefits are expected to arise from the
d. Property, plant and equipment                                 continued use of the asset.
   Property, plant and equipment comprises                       Any gain or loss arising on disposal of the asset
   completed care facilities, corporate assets and               (calculated as the difference between the net



                                                            57
                                                RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
FO R THE YE AR END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 0



     disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the              g. Impairment of assets
     item) is included in the income statement in the
                                                                      At each interim and annual balance-sheet
     period the item is derecognised.
                                                                      date, the Group reviews the carrying amounts
                                                                      of its assets to determine whether there is any
e. Investment properties
                                                                      indication that those assets have suffered an
     Investment properties include land and buildings                 impairment loss. If such an indication exists, the
     (including long-term leases of land), equipment                  recoverable amount of the asset is estimated to
     and furnishings relating to retirement-village units             determine the extent of any impairment loss.
     and community facilities, including units and
                                                                      Where the asset does not generate cash
     facilities under development. They are intended to
                                                                      flows that are independent from other
     be held for the long term to earn rental income and
                                                                      assets, the Group estimates the recoverable
     for capital appreciation.
                                                                      amount of the cash-generating unit to which the
     Retirement-village units and community                           asset belongs.
     facilities are revalued on a semi-annual basis
                                                                      Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value
     and restated to fair value as determined by an
                                                                      less costs to sell and value in use. In assessing
     independent registered valuer. Any change in
                                                                      value in use, the estimated future cash flows are
     fair value is taken to the income statement.
                                                                      discounted to their present value. The Group
     The fair value is determined using discounted
                                                                      uses a discount rate that reflects current market
     cash-flow methodology.
                                                                      assessments of the time value of money and the
     Rental income from investment properties, being the              risks specific to the asset, for which the estimates
     management fee and retirement-village service fees,              of future cash flows have not been adjusted.
     is accounted for in line with accounting policy (b).
                                                                      If the recoverable amount of an asset
f.   Depreciation                                                     (cash-generating unit) is estimated to be less
                                                                      than its carrying amount, the carrying amount
     Depreciation is provided on all property, plant                  of the asset (cash-generating unit) is reduced
     and equipment, other than freehold land,                         to its recoverable amount.
     at straight-line (SL) rates calculated to allocate
     the asset’s cost or valuation, less estimated                    An impairment loss is immediately recognised
     residual value, over their estimated useful lives,               as an expense, unless the asset is carried at fair
     starting from the time the assets are ready for                  value. In this case, the impairment loss is treated
     use, as follows.                                                 as a revaluation decrease.

     •   Buildings                                2% SL               Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses,
                                                                      the carrying amount of the asset (cash-generating
     •   Plant and equipment                 10–20% SL
                                                                      unit) is increased to the revised estimate of its
     •   Furniture and fittings                 20% SL                recoverable amount. However, this is only to the
     •   Motor vehicles                         20% SL                extent that the increased carrying amount does
     The estimated useful lives, residual value and                   not exceed the carrying amount that would have
     depreciation method are reviewed at the end                      been determined had no impairment loss been
     of each reporting period, with the effect of                     recognised for the asset (cash-generating unit) in
     any changes in estimate accounted for on a                       prior years.
     prospective basis.                                               A reversal of an impairment loss is immediately
     No depreciation is provided for investment properties.           recognised as income, unless the asset is carried at
                                                                      fair value. In this case, the reversal of the impairment
     Right-of-use assets relating to leases are                       loss is treated as a revaluation increase.
     depreciated on a straight-line basis over the
     term of the lease.


                                                              58
                                             ANNUAL REP ORT 20 20




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
FO R THE YE A R END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 0



h. Leases                                                            the income statement on a straight-line basis over
                                                                     the periods of expected benefit.
   As explained in note (t) below, the Group has
   adopted NZ IFRS 16 from 1 April 2019 for leases
                                                                i.   Revenue in advance
   where the Group is the lessee.
                                                                     Revenue in advance represents those amounts by
   Apart from short-term or low-value assets, leases
                                                                     which the management fees over the contractual
   are included on the balance sheet through the
                                                                     period exceed recognition of the management fee
   recognition of right-of-use assets and associated
                                                                     based on expected tenure.
   lease liabilities. Right-of-use assets are presented
   within property, plant and equipment.                        j.   Financial instruments
   At inception of the lease a lease liability is                    Financial assets and financial liabilities are
   calculated based on the present value of the                      recognised on the Group’s balance sheet when
   remaining cash flows, discounted using the                        the Group becomes party to the contractual
   Group’s incremental borrowing rate. Subsequently,                 provisions of the instrument.
   the lease liability is adjusted for interest and
   lease payments, as well as the impact of lease                    Cash and cash equivalents
   modifications. The right-of-use asset is initially                Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on
   measured at the value of the initial lease liability,             hand, cash in banks and on-demand deposits,
   and subsequently measured at cost less                            and other short-term, highly liquid investments
   accumulated depreciation, adjusted for any                        readily convertible to a known amount of cash
   remeasurement of the lease liability.                             and subject to an insignificant risk of changes
   Where a lease contract contains both lease                        in value. This includes all call borrowing, such as
   and non-lease components (for example, tower                      bank overdrafts, used by the Group as part of its
   cranes), the Group does not separate non-lease                    day-to-day cash management.
   components from lease components, and instead
                                                                     Financial assets at amortised costs
   accounts for the whole contract as a lease.
                                                                     Trade receivables are held to collect contractual
   The Group calculates its incremental borrowing                    cash flows. The cash flows are the payment of
   rate with reference to the external borrowing                     principal and interest.
   facilities available to the Group. The incremental
   borrowing rate is used to measure lease liabilities.              Trade receivables are measured at amortised
                                                                     cost, less any impairment. This is equivalent to
   Depreciation and finance costs associated with                    fair value, being the receivable face (or nominal)
   right-of-use assets and lease liabilities associated              value, less appropriate allowances for estimated
   with equipment used in the construction of assets                 irrecoverable amounts.
   are capitalised as a cost of constructing the asset.
                                                                     The allowance recognised is the lifetime expected
   The lease payment for short-term leases and                       credit losses based on an assessment of each
   leases of low-value assets are recognised in the                  individual debtor. It is estimated based on the
   profit and loss over the lease term.                              Group’s historical credit loss experience and
   Long-term leases of land are recognised                           general economic conditions. Expected credit
    within property, plant and equipment and                         loss represents the expected credit losses that
   investment property.                                              will result from all possible default events over the
                                                                     expected life of the debtor.
   Until 31 March 2019, leases under which all the
   risks and benefits of ownership are effectively                   Trade receivables are written off when there is no
   retained by the lessor were classified as operating               realistic chance of recovery.
   leases. Operating lease payments were charged to



                                                           59
                                              RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
FO R THE YE AR END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 0



   Occupancy advances                                           Interest-bearing loans and borrowings
   Occupation agreements confer to residents the                Loans and borrowings are initially recorded at fair
   right of occupancy of the retirement-village unit for        value, less directly attributable transaction costs.
   life, or until the resident terminates the agreement.        After initial recognition, loans and borrowings are
                                                                measured at amortised cost. Any differences
   Amounts payable under occupation agreements
                                                                between the initial amount recognised and the
   (occupancy advances) are non-interest bearing
                                                                redemption value is recognised in profit and loss
   and recorded as a liability in the balance sheet,
                                                                using the effective interest-rate method.
   net of management fees receivable. The resident-
   occupancy advance is initially recognised at fair            In practice, this means that Group interest-bearing
   value and later at amortised cost.                           borrowings are recognised at face (or nominal)
                                                                value due to the repayment and cost of borrowing
   As the resident may terminate their occupancy
                                                                terms associated with them.
   with limited notice, and the occupancy advance is
   non-interest bearing, the occupancy advance has              Fair-value estimation
   demand features and so is carried at face value,
                                                                The fair value of financial assets and financial
   which is the original advance received.
                                                                liabilities must be estimated for recognition and
   The advance, net of management fee, is repayable             measurement, or for disclosure purposes.
   following both the termination of the occupation
                                                                The face (or nominal) value less estimated credit
   agreement and the settlement of a new occupancy
                                                                adjustments of trade receivables and payables are
   advance for the same retirement-village unit.
                                                                assumed to approximate their fair values.
   Refundable accommodation deposits
                                                                Hedge accounting
   Refundable accommodation deposits relate to
                                                                The Group designates certain derivatives as
   deposits held on behalf of residents who reside in
                                                                hedging instruments. At the start of the hedge
   rooms in the care centres in Australia. Refundable
                                                                relationship, the Group documents the relationship
   accommodation deposits confer to residents the
                                                                between the hedging instrument and the
   right of occupancy of the room for life, or until the
                                                                hedged item. Risk management objectives and
   resident terminates the agreement.
                                                                strategies for undertaking hedge transactions are
   Amounts payable under refundable accommodation               documented. The Group also documents at the
   deposits are non-interest bearing and recorded as            start and on an ongoing basis whether the hedging
   a liability in the balance sheet.                            instrument is effective.
   As the resident may terminate their occupancy
                                                                Interest-rate swaps
   with limited notice, and the refundable
   accommodation deposit is non-interest bearing,               The Group enters into interest-rate swaps to
   the refundable accommodation deposit has                     manage cash-flow interest-rate risk.
   demand features and so is carried at face value,             Interest-rate swaps are initially recognised at fair
   which is the original deposit received.                      value on the date a contract is entered into and
                                                                remeasured to their fair value at each reporting date.
   Trade and other payables
                                                                When Group-swap arrangements meet the
   Trade and other payables are measured at
                                                                requirements of cash-flow hedge accounting,
   amortised cost. This is equivalent to the face (or
                                                                changes in the fair value of interest-rate swaps are
   nominal) value of payables, which is assumed to
                                                                recognised in other comprehensive income and
   approximate their fair value.
                                                                accumulated as a separate component of equity.
                                                                Amounts deferred in equity are recycled in profit
                                                                or loss in the periods when the hedged item is
                                                                recognised in profit.

                                                           60
                                                   ANNUAL REP ORT 20 20




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
FO R THE YE A R END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 0



     Hedges of a net investment                                       financial reporting purposes and the amounts
     Hedges of a net investment in a foreign operation,               used for taxation. Deferred tax is not provided for on
     including a hedge of a monetary item that is                     non-depreciating assets included within property,
     accounted for as part of the net investment,                     plant and equipment, and investment properties.
     are accounted for in two ways. Gains or losses                   The amount of deferred tax provided is based
     relating to the effective portion of the hedge are               on the way the carrying amount of assets and
     recognised in other comprehensive income. Any                    liabilities are expected to be realised and
     gains or losses relating to the ineffective portion of           settled. The tax rates used are those expected
     the hedge are recognised in profit or loss.                      to apply in the period of settlement, based on tax
                                                                      rates enacted or substantively enacted.
k. Employee entitlements
                                                                      A deferred tax asset is recognised only when
     A liability for benefits accruing to employees for               it is probable that future taxable profits will be
     wages and salaries, annual leave, long-service                   available, and against which the asset can be
     leave, and sick leave is accrued and recognised                  used. Deferred tax assets are reduced if it is no
     in the balance sheet when it is probable that                    longer probable that the related tax benefit will
     settlement will be required, and the liabilities are             be realised.
     capable of being measured reliably. The liability is
     equal to the present value of the estimated future               Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when
     cash outflows as a result of employee services                   they relate to income taxes levied by the same
     provided at balance date.                                        taxation authority and the Group intends to settle
                                                                      current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis.
l.   Taxation
                                                                   m. Treasury stock
     Income tax on the profit or loss for the year
     comprises current and deferred tax. Income                       Shares purchased on market under the leadership
     tax is recognised in the income statement                        share scheme are treated as treasury stock on
     except when it relates to items recognised in                    acquisition at cost. On vesting to the employee,
     other comprehensive income or directly in                        treasury stock shares are credited to equity and
     equity. In this case, it is recognised in other                  an employee advance is recorded initially at fair
     comprehensive income or in equity.                               value and later at amortised cost.
                                                                      Any loss on disposal by the Company (for example,
     Current tax
                                                                      when the employee elects not to take full
     Current tax is the expected tax payable on                       responsibility for the loan or leaves before the end
     the taxable income for the year, using tax                       of the 3-year restrictive period) accrues to the
     rates enacted or substantively enacted at the                    Company and is taken directly against equity.
     balance-sheet date, and any adjustment to
     tax payable for previous years. Current tax for               n. Consumables
     current and prior periods is recognised as a
                                                                      Purchases of supplies by the villages are expensed
     liability (or asset) if it is unpaid (or refundable).
                                                                      in the period they are incurred.
     Deferred tax
                                                                   o. Maintenance costs
     Deferred tax is provided using the comprehensive
     balance-sheet liability method. This method                      Maintenance costs are accounted for in the period
     provides for temporary differences between                       they are incurred.
     the carrying amount of assets and liabilities for




                                                              61
                                             RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
FO R THE YE AR END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 0



p. GST                                                          r.   Foreign-currency translation
   Revenues, expenses, assets, and liabilities are                   Functional and presentation currency
   recognised net of the amount of Goods and
                                                                     Both the functional and presentation currency of
   Services Tax (GST) except when:
                                                                     Ryman Healthcare Limited and its New Zealand
   •   the GST incurred on a purchase of goods                       subsidiaries is New Zealand dollars ($). The
       and services is not recoverable from the                      functional currency for its Australian subsidiaries
       taxation authority                                            is Australian dollars (AUD).
   •   receivables and payables are stated with
       the amount of GST included.                                   Transactions and balances
                                                                     Transactions in foreign currencies are initially
   The net amount of GST recoverable from, or
                                                                     recorded in the functional currency by applying the
   payable to, the taxation authority is included
                                                                     exchange-rates ruling at the date of the transaction.
   as part of the receivables or payables in the
                                                                     Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in
   balance sheet.
                                                                     foreign currencies are retranslated at the rate of
   Commitments and contingencies are disclosed                       exchange ruling at the balance-sheet date.
   net of the amount of GST recoverable from, or
                                                                     All exchange differences relating to the following
   payable to, the taxation authority.
                                                                     two items are recognised in other comprehensive
                                                                     income and accumulated in reserves.
q. Statement of cash flows
                                                                     •   The effective portion of a hedge of a
   The statement of cash flows is prepared exclusive
                                                                         net investment in foreign operations
   of GST. This is consistent with the method used in
   the income statement.                                             •   Differences arising on translation of a
                                                                         foreign operation.
   Cash and cash equivalents comprise:
                                                                     Non-monetary items that are measured at
   •   cash on hand and demand deposits                              historical cost in a foreign currency are translated
   •   other short-term, highly liquid investments.                  using the exchange rate as at the date of the initial
   Short-term, highly liquid investments are                         transaction. Non-monetary items carried at fair
   investments that are readily convertible to a                     value that are denominated in foreign currencies
   known amount of cash and are subject to an                        are retranslated at the rates at the date when the
   insignificant risk of changes in value. These                     fair value was determined.
   investments include all call borrowing such as
                                                                s. Intangible assets
   bank overdrafts used by the Group as part of their
   day-to-day cash management.                                       Expenditure on research activities is recognised as
                                                                     an expense in the period in which it is incurred.
   Operating activities represent all transactions and
   other events that are not investing or financing                  An internally generated intangible software
   activities and includes receipts and repayments of                asset arising from development (or from the
   occupancy advances.                                               development phase of an internal project) is only
                                                                     recognised if all the following criteria have been
   Investing activities are those activities relating
                                                                     demonstrated.
   to the acquisition and disposal of investments
   and any other property, plant and equipment, or                   •   It is technically feasible to complete the
   investment properties.                                                intangible asset so that it is available for
                                                                         use or sale.
   Financing activities are those activities relating to
   changes in the equity and debt capital structure of               •   The Group intends to complete the intangible
   the Group and those activities relating to the cost                   asset and use or sell it.
   of servicing the Company’s equity capital.                        •   The intangible asset can be used or sold.

                                                           62
                                              ANNUAL REP ORT 20 20




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
FO R THE YE A R END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 0



   •   Probable future economic benefits of the                 income statement. In the statement of cash flows,
       intangible asset can be generated.                       operating lease payments previously classified
   •   Adequate technical, financial, and other                 as cash flows from operating activities are now
       resources are available to complete the                  classified as cash flows from financing activities
       development and use or sell the intangible asset.        for principal repayments of the lease liability
                                                                and cash flows from operating activities for the
   •   The expenditure attributable to the
                                                                interest payments. There has been no impact on
       intangible asset can be measured during
                                                                actual cash payments as a result of the adoption
       its development.
                                                                of NZ IFRS 16.
   The amount initially recognised for internally
                                                                The Group used several practical expedients
   generated intangible assets is the sum of the
                                                                when applying NZ IFRS 16 to leases previously
   expenditure incurred from the date when the
                                                                classified as operating leases. In particular,
   intangible asset first meets the recognition criteria
                                                                the Group:
   listed above. Where no internally generated
   intangible asset can be recognised, development              •   did not recognise right-of-use assets and
   expenditure is recognised in profit or loss in the               liabilities for leases for which the lease term
   period in which it is incurred.                                  ends within 12 months of the date of initial
                                                                    application
   After initial recognition, internally generated
   intangible assets are reported at cost less                  •   did not recognise right-of-use assets and
   accumulated amortisation and accumulated                         liabilities for leases of low-value assets (for
   impairment losses, on the same basis as intangible               example, IT equipment)
   assets that are acquired separately.                         •   excluded initial direct costs from the
                                                                    measurement of the right-of-use asset at the
t. Adopting new and amended standards and                           date of initial application
   interpretations                                              •   applied a single discount rate to portfolios of
   In the current year, the Group adopted all                       leases with similar characteristics
   mandatory new and amended standards                          •   used hindsight when determining the
   and interpretations.                                             lease term.
   NZ IFRS 16 Leases was effective for the Group                Right-of-use assets at the date of initial application
   from 1 April 2019. The new standard introduced               were measured at an amount equal to the lease
   a single lessee accounting model that brings                 liability, adjusted by the amount of any prepaid or
   all leases on balance sheet except low-value or              accrued lease payments. Following the adoption of
   short-term leases (less than a year). Adopting the           NZ IFRS 16, the Group has presented right-of-use
   standard has not had a material impact on the                assets within property, plant and equipment.
   financial statements.
                                                                The Group leases office buildings, sales offices,
   The Group has chosen to adopt the modified                   office equipment (for example, photocopiers),
   retrospective approach to transition. Comparative            and plant and equipment for use in the
   periods presented have not been restated.                    construction of retirement-village units and
   Operating leases that were previously off balance            aged-care beds. After using the available
   sheet are now included on the balance sheet                  recognition exemptions allowed in NZ IFRS 16 for
   under NZ IFRS 16 through the recognition of                  short-term leases and leases of low-value assets,
   right-of-use assets and associated liabilities.              it is only the Group’s lease of office premises, sales
   Rental and operating lease expenses previously               offices and tower cranes for which right-of-use
   recognised within other operating expenses are               assets and lease liabilities have been recognised
   now recognised as depreciation for right-of-use              under the new standard. The expenses incurred
   assets and finance costs for lease liabilities in the        for short-term and low-value leases continue to be


                                                           63
                                             RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
FO R THE YE AR END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 0



   recognised on a straight-line basis in the income            The depreciation and finance costs associated
   statement, and the related cash flows through                with the right-of-use asset and lease liability
   operating activities in the cash flow statement.             for tower cranes is capitalised as a cost of
                                                                constructing the asset.
   The Group recognises all long-term leases of
   land within property, plant and equipment and                For leases where the Group is the lessor, there has
   investment property. NZ IFRS 16 has not impacted             been no change to the recognition or measurement
   how these leases have been accounted for. Future             on adoption of NZ IFRS 16. There is no change in
   lease payments required under the terms of the               how occupation-right agreements and associated
   contract continue to be recognised as a liability.           management fees are recognised. Management
                                                                fees are recognised on a straight-line basis over
   A lease contract may contain both lease and
                                                                the period of service. The period is determined as
   non-lease components. For construction leases
                                                                being the greater of the expected period of tenure,
   (for example, tower cranes), the Group has elected
                                                                or the contractual right to management fees.
   not to separate non-lease components from lease
   components, and instead accounts for the whole               Standards and Interpretations on issue but
   contract as a lease.                                         not yet adopted
   As a result of adopting the new standard, the                We are not aware of any NZ IFRS Standards or
   Group recognised $13.4 million of right-of-use               Interpretations that have recently been issued or
   assets and associated lease liability in the balance         amended that have not yet been adopted by the
   sheet at 1 April 2019 (refer note 12).                       Group that would materially impact the Group for
                                                                the annual report period ending 31 March 2020.
   When measuring lease liabilities, the Group
   discounts lease payments using its incremental
   borrowing rate. This is calculated with reference
   to the external borrowing facilities available to the
   Group and the specific characteristics of the lease.
   The weighted average incremental borrowing rate
   for the Group on transition was 3.75 percent.




                                                           64
                                                    ANNUAL REP ORT 20 20




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
FO R THE YE A R END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 0



1.   OPERATING EXPENSES

                                                                             2020         2019
                                                                             $000        $000

Employee costs (see below)                                                 233,549      212,514
Property-related expenses                                                   46,951      38,919
Other operating costs (see below)                                           68,749      52,312
Total operating expenses                                                   349,249     303,745

Employee costs and other operating costs include:
Post-employment benefits (KiwiSaver/Superannuation)                           7,259      5,452

Auditor’s remuneration to Deloitte Limited comprises:
•    Audit of financial statements                                             293         227
•    Australia aged-care reporting                                                7          6

Directors’ fees (note 18)                                                      1,011       893
Donations^                                                                     452         386

^ No donations have been made to any political party (2019: $Nil).

2 . DEPRECIATION AND AMORTISATION EXPENSE

                                                                             2020         2019
                                                                             $000        $000

Depreciation (note 6)
•    Buildings                                                                7,683      6,939
•    Plant and equipment                                                      8,722      6,989
•    Furniture and fittings                                                   5,477      5,510
•    Motor vehicles                                                           1,338      1,086
•    Right-of-use assets                                                      1,787           -
                                                                            25,007      20,524
Amortisation
•    Software                                                                3,609       2,601
                                                                             3,609       2,601

Total                                                                       28,616      23,125


3. FINANCE COSTS

                                                                             2020         2019
                                                                             $000        $000

Total interest paid on bank loans                                             51,118    47,422
Release of interest-rate swap reserve (note 15)                              2,859       2,540
Amount of interest capitalised (note 6)                                     (34,911)   (31,003)
Net interest expense on bank loans                                          19,066      18,959
Interest on lease liabilities (note 12)                                        243            -
Total finance costs                                                         19,309      18,959
                                                                     65
                                            RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
FO R THE YE AR END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 0



4. INCOME TAX

a. Income tax recognised in income statement
                                                                                            2020                2019
                                                                                            $000               $000

   Tax expense comprises:
   Current tax expense                                                                           -                  -
   Deferred tax (credit)/expense                                                         (93,563)              3,429
   Total income-tax (credit)/expense                                                     (93,563)              3,429


   The income-tax expense on pre-tax accounting profit from operations reconciles to the income-tax expense
   in the financial statements as follows.
                                                         2020             2020               2019               2019
                                                        $000                 %              $000                   %

   Profit before income-tax expense                     171,147                           329,415

   Income-tax expense calculated at 28%                 47,921            28.0%            92,236              28.0%

   Tax effect of:
   Non-taxable income                                 (40,443)           (23.7)%          (82,015)            (24.9)%
   Property temporary differences                      (65,771)         (38.4)%             11,816              3.6%
   Tax losses recognised                              (49,967)          (29.2)%           (21,977)             (6.7)%
   Other                                                14,697             8.6%             3,369               1.0%
   Total tax (credit)/expense                        (93,563)           (54.7)%             3,429               1.0%


   Non-taxable income arises principally from the fair-value movement of investment property.
   The tax rate used in the above reconciliation is the corporate tax rate of 28 percent (2019: 28 percent)
   payable by New Zealand corporate entities on taxable profits under New Zealand tax law.
   Total Group tax losses available in New Zealand amounted to $289.5 million (2019: $193.4 million). Recognition
   of the deferred tax asset is based on expected taxable earnings in future periods. There are no unrecognised
   tax losses in New Zealand (2019: $Nil).
   Total tax losses available in Australia amounted to AUD$71.3 million (2019: $49.4 million). Recognition of
   the deferred tax asset is based on expected taxable earnings in future periods. There are no unrecognised
   tax losses in Australia (2019: $49.4 million). Tax losses have been recognised as a deferred tax asset in the
   current year as the Group’s operations in Australia are now well established and operational villages are
   reaching maturity.




                                                        66
                                                 ANNUAL REP ORT 20 20




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
FO R THE YE A R END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 0



4. INCOME TAX (CONTINUED)

b. Taxable and deductible temporary differences arise from the following items.
                                                         Opening        Recognised     Recognised         Closing
                                                         balance          in income      in equity        balance
                                                            $000             $000           $000           $000

   2020
   Property, plant and equipment                          (58,574)          23,649              31       (34,894)
   Investment properties                                 (50,377)            42,122            410        (7,845)
   Deferred management-fee revenue in advance            (26,899)         (23,042)             318       (49,623)
   Interest-rate swap                                          3,751               -         2,916          6,667
   Other                                                       4,275           867             (10)         5,132
   Tax value of loss carry-forwards recognised             54,160           49,967          (1,109)       103,018
   Total deferred taxation                               (73,664)           93,563          2,556         22,455

                                                         Opening        Recognised     Recognised         Closing
                                                         balance          in income      in equity        balance
                                                            $000             $000           $000           $000

   2019
   Property, plant and equipment                         (52,465)           (6,109)               -      (58,574)
   Investment properties                                 (44,670)           (5,707)               -      (50,377)
   Deferred management-fee revenue in advance             (12,744)          (14,155)              -      (26,899)
   Interest-rate swap                                       2,300                  -          1,451          3,751
   Other                                                       3,710           565                -         4,275
   Tax value of loss carry-forwards recognised             32,183            21,977               -        54,160
   Total deferred taxation                               (71,686)          (3,429)           1,451      (73,664)


   In 2010 legislation was enacted removing tax depreciation on buildings with an estimated useful life of
   50 years or more. These rules came into effect from 1 April 2011 (for a standard 31 March income-tax year).
   As part of the New Zealand Government’s COVID-19: Economic Response Package, included within the
   COVID-19 Response (Taxation and Social Assistance Urgent Measures) Act, which received Royal Assent
   on 25 March 2020, depreciation deductions will be reintroduced for new and existing industrial and
   commercial buildings.
   The reinstatement of tax deductions for depreciation increases the tax base of the relevant assets. The Group
   has determined that tax depreciation should not be applied to independent townhouses and apartments as
   these would meet the definition of a dwelling. Care centres, village centres and serviced apartments are not
   considered to meet the definition of a dwelling.
   This increase in the tax base has created deductible temporary differences which have reduced the taxable
   temporary differences (deferred tax liabilities) previously recognised.
   The impact of these changes has been recognised in the tax expense in the current year, rather than opening
   retained earnings.




                                                          67
                                                   RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
FO R THE YE AR END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 0



4. INCOME TAX (CONTINUED)

c. Imputation credit memorandum account
                                                                                            2020             2019
                                                                                           $000              $000
    Closing balance                                                                          163                88

    Imputation credits available directly and indirectly to
    shareholders of the parent company, through:
    •   parent company                                                                          -                 -
    •   subsidiaries                                                                          163               88
    Closing balance                                                                          163                88




5. TRADE AN D OTHER RECEIVABLES

                                                                                            2020             2019
                                                                                           $000              $000

Trade debtors                                                                             410,103          331,677
Other receivables                                                                          15,839            13,137
Total trade and other receivables                                                        425,942          344,814


Debtors are non-interest bearing, although the Group has the right to charge interest on overdue settlements of
occupancy advances or overdue care fees. Debtors principally comprise amounts due for occupancy advances
and care fees.
Occupancy advances are payable by residents on occupation of a retirement-village unit. Care fees are received
from residents (payable 4-weekly in advance) and various government agencies. Government-agency payment
terms vary but are typically paid fortnightly in arrears for care services provided to residents.
There is no significant concentration of credit risk as trade debtors are either individual residents or government
agencies. No changes have been made in the techniques or significant assumptions used in determining expected
credit losses during the reporting period.
The Group has considered the impact of COVID-19 on trade and other receivables and, given the nature of the
receivables, does not consider there to be any change in credit risk as a result of the pandemic.




                                                              68
                                                 ANNUAL REP ORT 20 20




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
FO R THE YE A R END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 0



6. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                                        Property
                               Freehold    Buildings        under  Plant and  Furniture        Motor    Right-of-
                                 land at          at development equipment and fittings      vehicles        use
                               valuation   valuation       at cost    at cost   at cost       at cost     assets        Total
                                  $000       $000          $000         $000        $000       $000        $000        $000

2020
Gross carrying amount
Balance at 1 April 2019         321,798    359,482      444,284         82,150     47,305      11,503           -   1,266,522
Recognition of right-of-use
asset on initial application
of NZ IFRS 16                          -           -              -           -          -          -      13,381      13,381
Adjusted balance at
1 April 2019                    321,798    359,482      444,284         82,150     47,305      11,503      13,381   1,279,903
Additions                            80       6,483      289,749        17,588       1,951      2,351      7,323     325,525
Net foreign-currency
exchange difference               (584)        (182)      (3,475)          (18)         9         (5)       (103)     (4,358)
Transfer from property
under development                  7,678     25,553      (37,136)         1,132      2,773          -           -           -
Transfer from property
under development to
investment property                    -           -    (108,612)             -          -          -           -   (108,612)
Balance at 31 March 2020       328,972     391,336      584,810       100,852      52,038     13,849     20,601 1,492,458

Accumulated depreciation
Balance at 1 April 2019                -     (2,101)              -   (30,760)    (37,758)   (6,963)            -    (77,582)
Current-year depreciation              -     (7,683)              -    (8,722)     (5,477)    (1,338)     (1,787)    (25,007)
Depreciation capitalised
to property under
development                            -           -              -           -          -          -     (3,797)     (3,797)
Balance at 31 March 2020               -    (9,784)               -   (39,482)    (43,235)   (8,301)     (5,584) (106,386)

Total book value               328,972     381,552      584,810        61,370       8,803      5,548      15,017 1,386,072




                                                             69
                                              RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
FO R THE YE AR END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 0



6. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (CONTINUED)

                                                     Property
                            Freehold    Buildings        under  Plant and  Furniture        Motor     Right-of-
                              land at          at development equipment and fittings      vehicles         use
                            valuation   valuation       at cost    at cost   at cost       at cost      assets        Total
                               $000       $000          $000         $000        $000       $000         $000        $000

2019
Gross carrying amount
Balance at 1 April 2018      291,660     335,144       336,151      66,778      43,274     10,065             -   1,083,072
Additions                           -     10,247       174,186       12,963       1,708      1,439            -    200,543
Net foreign-currency
exchange difference            (508)       (199)       (2,560)          (18)        (3)         (1)           -     (3,289)
Transfer from property
under development               6,190    25,790       (36,733)        2,427      2,326           -            -           -
Transfer from property
under development to
investment property                 -           -     (26,760)             -          -          -            -    (26,760)
Revaluation                   24,456     (11,500)              -           -          -          -            -     12,956
Balance at 31 March 2019     321,798    359,482      444,284        82,150      47,305     11,503             - 1,266,522


Accumulated depreciation
Balance at 1 April 2018             -    (6,662)               -    (23,771)   (32,248)    (5,877)            -    (68,558)
Current-year depreciation           -    (6,939)               -    (6,989)     (5,510)    (1,086)            -    (20,524)
Revaluation                         -     11,500               -           -          -          -            -      11,500
Balance at 31 March 2019            -     (2,101)              -   (30,760)    (37,758)   (6,963)             -    (77,582)


Total book value             321,798     357,381     444,284        51,390       9,547     4,540              -   1,188,940


All completed resthomes and hospitals included within the definition of freehold land and buildings were
revalued to fair value based on an independent valuation report prepared by registered valuers, CBRE Limited,
at 31 March 2019, in line with NZ IFRS 13. These revaluations are undertaken every 2 years, unless there is
sustained market evidence of a significant change in fair value.
The valuers used multiple valuation techniques to estimate and determine fair value. The valuer made key
assumptions that include capitalisation of earnings (using capitalisation rates ranging from 11 percent to
15 percent), together with observed transactional evidence of the market value per care bed (ranging from
$60,000 to $150,000 per care bed).
As the fair value of land and buildings is determined using inputs that are unobservable, the Group has
categorised property, plant and equipment as Level 3 under the fair-value hierarchy in line with NZ IFRS 13
Fair Value Measurements.




                                                          70
                                              ANNUAL REP ORT 20 20




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
FO R THE YE A R END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 0



6. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (CONTINUED)
The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair-value measurement of the Group’s freehold land and buildings
are the capitalisation rate and the market value per care bed.
As the valuer uses several valuation techniques a significant decrease in the capitalisation rate could but may
not necessarily result in a significantly higher fair-value measurement. Conversely, a significant increase in the
capitalisation rate could but may not necessarily result in a significantly lower fair-value measurement.
A significant increase in the market value per care bed could but may not necessarily result in a significantly higher
fair-value measurement. Conversely, a significant decrease in the market value per care bed could but may not
necessarily result in a significantly lower fair-value measurement.
Property under development includes land held pending the development of a retirement village amounting to
$459.1 million (2019: $327.2 million) and is valued at cost.
Interest for the Group of $34.9 million (2019: $31.0 million) has been capitalised during the period of construction
in the current year. The weighted-average capitalisation rate on funds borrowed is 3.51 percent per annum
(2019: 3.89 percent per annum).
The assets shown at cost are care-facility assets under development, plant and equipment, furniture and fittings,
and motor vehicles, plus additions since the last valuation.
The carrying amount at which each revalued class of property, plant and equipment would have been carried had
the assets been measured under historical cost is shown below.
                                                                      Freehold land        Buildings            Total
                                                                             $000             $000              $000

Carrying amount (at cost)
Carrying amount at 31 March 2020                                            88,236          372,969          461,205

Carrying amount (at cost)
Carrying amount at 31 March 2019                                            81,062            341,115         422,177


The completed resthomes and hospitals were last valued at 31 March 2019. The Group has considered the fair
value of these assets and determined that there is no indication that the carrying value of the assets is materially
different from fair value at 31 March 2020.
In reaching this conclusion the Group has considered the impact of COVID-19, the response of the aged-care
sector to the pandemic and the positive response to the virus in both Australia and New Zealand. Consideration
was given to the earnings per bed, market evidence of comparable sales, and the fact that the need for aged care
has not reduced as a result of the pandemic.
Occupancy in the Group’s mature aged-care facilities has not been impacted by COVID-19.




                                                          71
                                               RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
FO R THE YE AR END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 0



6. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (CONTINUED)

Right-of-use assets
Included within property, plant and equipment are the right-of-use assets relating to leases.
                                                                                          Plant and
                                                                         Buildings       equipment             Total
                                                                            $000                $000          $000

Balance at 1 April 2019                                                    10,256                3,125         13,381
Additions                                                                    3,743              3,580          7,323
Disposals                                                                         -                    -            -
Net foreign-currency exchange difference                                     (103)                     -       (103)
Depreciation                                                                (1,787)                    -      (1,787)
Depreciation capitalised to property under development                       (255)          (3,542)           (3,797)
Balance at 31 March 2020                                                   11,854               3,163         15,017


7. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES

                                                                                                2020           2019
                                                                                                $000          $000

At fair value
Balance at beginning of financial year                                                   5,081,607         4,398,304

Additions                                                                                  541,272           395,931
Fair-value movement:
Realised fair-value movement:
•   new retirement-village units                                                           105,757            87,866
•   existing retirement-village units                                                      109,565          102,600
                                                                                           215,322           190,466
Unrealised fair-value movement                                                            (70,884)          102,444
                                                                                           144,438           292,910

Net foreign-currency exchange differences                                                   (7,257)          (5,538)

Net movement for the year                                                                 678,453           683,303

Balance at end of financial year                                                        5,760,060          5,081,607


The realised fair-value movement arises from the sale and resale of occupancy advances to residents. Investment
properties are not depreciated and are fair valued. As the fair value of investment property is determined using
inputs that are unobservable, the Group has categorised investment property as Level 3 under the fair-value
hierarchy in line with NZ IFRS 13 Fair Value Measurements.
The carrying value of completed investment property is the fair value as determined by an independent valuation
report prepared by registered valuers CBRE Limited, at 31 March 2020. This report combines discounted future
cash flows and occupancy advances received from residents for retirement-village units that are complete or
nearing completion, for which there is an agreement to occupy.


                                                         72
                                              ANNUAL REP ORT 20 20




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
FO R THE YE A R END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 0



7. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (CONTINUED)

Uncertainty due to COVID-19
The valuation of investment properties performed by CBRE Limited at 31 March 2020 is based on the information
available to them at the time of the valuation and relies on several inputs, as outlined below.
Given the current situation with COVID-19 there is an increase in the estimation uncertainty in determining the
fair value of investment property at 31 March 2020 compared to previous years.
CBRE have noted that it is difficult to determine the effect that COVID-19 will have on the retirement sector.
The impact will depend on the scale and length of the outbreak and the impact on the economy.
Comparable transactions and market evidence has been limited during the pandemic and CBRE have placed less
reliance on previous market evidence for comparison purposes.
The valuer has reported on the basis of ‘material valuation uncertainty’ and therefore less certainty and a higher
degree of caution is attached to the valuation than would normally be the case.
To reflect this uncertainty CBRE Limited have adjusted their assumptions on recycle frequencies for independent
units at mature villages, near-term house price inflation for independent units, and discount rates.

Key assumptions
The valuer used significant assumptions that include house-price inflation (ranging from -2.0 percent to
3.5 percent nominal) (2019: 0.5 percent to 3.5 percent) and discount rate (ranging from 12.25 percent to
16.25 percent) (2019: 12 percent to 16 percent).

Sensitivity
A 0.5 percent decrease in the discount rate would result in a $75.6 million higher fair-value measurement.
Conversely, a 0.5 percent increase in the discount rate would result in a $71.8 million lower fair-value measurement.
A 0.5 percent decrease in the 5-year plus growth rate would result in a $118.4 million lower fair-value measurement.
Conversely, a 0.5 percent increase in the 5-year plus growth rate would result in a $134.8 million higher fair-value
measurement.
Other inputs used in the fair-value measurement of the Group’s investment property portfolio include the average
age of residents and the occupancy period.
A significant increase in the average age of entry of residents or the long-term nominal house-price inflation rate
would result in a significantly higher fair-value measurement. Conversely, a significant decrease in the average
age of entry of residents or the long-term nominal house-price inflation rate would result in a significantly lower
fair-value measurement.

Work in progress
Investment property includes investment property work in progress of $508.2 million (2019: $325.1 million), which
has been valued at cost. For work in progress cost represents fair value.
The CBRE valuation for the year ended 31 March 2019 included within its forecast cash flows the Group’s expected
costs relating to rebuild works at Malvina Major. The estimate of the gross cash outflows included for remediation
works was $6 million over a remaining 6-month period. The estimates were based on information available at the
time. This remediation work has been completed and no costs have been included in the year ended 31 March 2020.




                                                          73
                                              RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
FO R THE YE AR END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 0



7. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (CONTINUED)

Operating expenses
Direct operating expenses arising from investment property that generated income from management fees
during the period amounted to $5.7 million (2019: $5.1 million). All investment property generated income from
management fees during the period for the Group, except for investment property work in progress.

Security
Residents make interest-free advances (occupancy advances) to the retirement villages in exchange for the right
to occupy retirement-village units. Under the terms of the occupancy agreement, the resident receives a unit title
for life and a first mortgage over the residual interest for security purposes, or a first mortgage is held over the
individual title by the statutory supervisor.

8. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
The Group has an arrangement with ANZ that on a nightly basis a sweep is performed across all transactional
bank accounts. This consolidates all transactional bank accounts into a single account.
There is a right to off-set cash balances against bank debt documented in the Group’s facility agreement.
The Group has access to an overdraft facility. The bank overdraft facilities are secured by a general security
agreement and mortgages over the freehold land and buildings of the Group in the same manner as the bank
loans (note 11). The interest rate on all overdraft facilities at 31 March 2020 was 8.90 percent (2019: 10.05 percent).

9. TRADE AN D OTHER PAYABLES

                                                                                               2020               2019
                                                                                               $000              $000

Trade payables                                                                                79,775            55,283
Other payables                                                                              104,200             71,626
Total trade and other payables                                                               183,975          126,909


Trade payables are typically paid within 30 days of the invoice date or on the 20th of the month following the
invoice date. Other payables at 31 March 2020 includes $102.4 million (2019: $68.1 million) for the purchase of land.

10. EMPLOYEE ENTITLEMENTS

                                                                                               2020               2019
                                                                                               $000              $000

Holiday-pay accrual and other benefits                                                        25,678            23,834




                                                          74
                                             ANNUAL REP ORT 20 20




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
FO R THE YE A R END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 0



11. BORROWINGS

Bank loans (secured)

                                                                                             2020              2019
                                                                                            $000              $000

Bank loans (secured) – NZD                                                              1,354,000         1,063,342
Bank loans (secured) – AUD in NZD                                                          387,613          260,661
Total bank loans (secured)                                                                1,741,613       1,324,003
Less cash and cash equivalents (note 8)                                                   (34,374)                  -
Net bank loans                                                                           1,707,239        1,324,003

Less than 1 year                                                                                  -           4,342
Within 1–5 years                                                                          1,741,613         1,319,661

Average interest rates – NZD                                                                 3.13%            3.95%
Average interest rates – AUD                                                                 3.01%            3.69%


The bank loans are secured by a general security agreement over the parent and subsidiary companies and
supported by first mortgages over the freehold land and buildings (excluding retirement-village unit titles provided
as security to residents – note 7).
The subsidiary companies listed at note 23 have all provided guarantees for the Group’s secured loans as parties
to the general security agreement.
The average interest rates disclosed above exclude the impact of interest-rate swap agreements described in
note 19.
Full repayment terms are disclosed in note 19.




                                                         75
                                                 RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
FO R THE YE AR END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 0



12 . LEASE LIA BILITIES
The Group leases office buildings, sales offices, office equipment (such as photocopiers), and plant and
equipment used in the construction of retirement-village units and aged-care beds.
The right-of-use assets relating to these leases are included within property, plant and equipment (note 6).

Amounts recognised in profit and loss
                                                                                               2020             2019
                                                                                               $000            $000

Depreciation of right-of-use assets (note 6)                                                    1,787                 -
Interest expense on lease liabilities (note 3)                                                   243                  -
Expenses relating to short-term or low-value leases                                              985                  -


For the year ended 31 March 2019, before the adoption of NZ IFRS 16 Leases, an amount equal to $2.2 million
was included under operating expenses.
The maturity profile for lease liabilities and how the Group manages liquidity risk is included in
note 19 – financial instruments.
At 31 March 2020 the Group is committed to $7.2 million for short-term leases (including short-term construction
equipment leases).
Prior to the adoption of NZ IFRS 16 the Group had operating lease expenditure committed to but not recognised,
in the financial statements relating to property rentals of $8.9 million. A reconciliation of these operating lease
commitments and the opening balance of the lease liability is shown in the table below.
                                                                                                               2020
                                                                                                               $000

Operating lease commitments at 31 March 2019                                                                   8,901
Expenses relating to short-term and low-value asset leases                                                       (15)
Leases not contained in 2019 commitments schedule                                                              5,428
Gross lease liability at 1 April 2019                                                                          14,314
Discounting                                                                                                    (933)
Lease liability at 1 April 2019                                                                                13,381




                                                             76
                                            ANNUAL REP ORT 20 20




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
FO R THE YE A R END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 0



13. O CCUPANCY ADVANCES (NON-INTEREST BEARING)

                                                                                         2020              2019
                                                                                         $000             $000

Gross occupancy advances (see below)                                                  3,686,813       3,203,851
Less management fees and resident loans                                              (439,636)          (376,161)
Closing balance                                                                       3,247,177       2,827,690


Movement in gross occupancy advances

                                                                                         2020              2019
                                                                                         $000             $000

Opening balance                                                                       3,203,851       2,836,314
Plus net increases in occupancy advances:
•   new retirement-village units                                                       386,673          290,701
•   existing retirement-village units.                                                 109,566          102,600
Net foreign-currency exchange differences                                               (4,276)          (3,408)
Decrease in occupancy advance receivables                                               (9,001)         (22,356)
Closing balance                                                                      3,686,813        3,203,851


Gross occupancy advances are non-interest bearing.

14. SHARE CAPITAL
Issued and paid-up capital consists of 500,000,000 fully paid ordinary shares (2019: 500,000,000) less treasury
stock of 2,711,244 shares (2019: 2,577,272 shares) (note 25). All shares rank equally in all respects.
Basic and diluted earnings and net tangible assets per share have been calculated on the basis of 500,000,000
ordinary shares (2019: 500,000,000 shares).
Shares purchased on market under the leadership share scheme (note 25) are treated as treasury stock (note 15)
until vesting to the employee.




                                                       77
                                               RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
FO R THE YE AR END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 0



15. RESERVES

                                                                        2020         2019
                                                                        $000        $000

Asset revaluation reserve
Opening balance                                                       257,775      233,319
Revaluation                                                                  -     24,456
Closing balance                                                       257,775      257,775

Interest-rate swap reserve
Opening balance                                                       (9,643)       (5,913)
Valuation of interest-rate swap                                       (13,275)      (7,721)
Released to income statement                                            2,859       2,540
Deferred tax movement on interest-rate swap reserve                     2,916         1,451
Closing balance                                                       (17,143)     (9,643)

Treasury stock (note 25)
Opening balance                                                       (27,465)    (22,497)
Acquisitions                                                          (13,770)     (11,990)
Vesting/forfeiture of shares                                            8,876        7,022
Closing balance                                                      (32,359)     (27,465)

Foreign-currency translation reserve
Opening balance                                                        (5,876)     (2,243)
Gain on hedge of foreign-owned subsidiary net assets                    1,205        1,333
Loss on translation of foreign operations                              (5,674)     (4,966)
Closing balance                                                      (10,345)      (5,876)

Retained earnings
Opening balance                                                     1,922,049    1,704,563
Net profit attributable to shareholders                               264,710     325,986
Dividends paid                                                       (117,000)   (108,500)
Closing balance                                                     2,069,759    1,922,049




                                                       78
                                             ANNUAL REP ORT 20 20




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
FO R THE YE A R END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 0



16. DIVIDEN DS

                                                          2020              2020               2019            2019
                                                 Cents per share       Total $000    Cents per share    Total $000
Recognised amounts
Final dividend paid – prior year                           11.90          59,500               10.90         54,500
Interim dividend paid – current year                       11.50          57,500               10.80         54,000
                                                                          117,000                          108,500
Unrecognised amounts
Final dividend – current year                              12.70          63,500               11.90         59,500


Full-year dividend – current year                         24.20           121,000             22.70          113,500


17. RELATED -PARTY TRANSACTIONS

Parent company
The parent entity in the Group is Ryman Healthcare Limited.

Equity interests in related parties
Details of the percentage of ordinary shares held in subsidiaries are disclosed in note 23.
                                                                                              2020             2019
                                                                                              $000            $000

Transactions with companies associated to directors
Rental costs                                                                                     514            179
Sub-contractor labour                                                                           254                  -


Since August 2012 Ryman Healthcare Limited has leased office accommodation from the Airport Business Park
Christchurch Limited (the Airport Business Park).
On 1 December 2019 Warren Bell became an independent director or trustee of the Airport Business Park’s
shareholders. He does not have any personal ownership interest.
The lease of the office accommodation is recognised as a right-of-use asset and associated lease liability. Rental
costs detailed in the table above are the total cash payments made from 1 December 2019 in respect of the lease
agreement.
Kevin Hickman is a director and shareholder of the Airport Business Park. He ceased being a director of Ryman
Healthcare Limited on 1 June 2018. The rental expense in 2019 relates to the period 1 April to 1 June 2018 when
Kevin Hickman was a director.
Anthony Leighs is Managing Director of Leighs Construction Limited, which has supplied sub-contractor labour to
Ryman Healthcare Limited since December 2019.
Any transactions undertaken with these entities have been entered into on an arm’s-length basis and in the
ordinary course of business.




                                                         79
                                               RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
FO R THE YE AR END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 0



18. KEY MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL COMPENSATION

                                                                                               2020         2019
                                                                                              $000          $000

Compensation
Short-term employee benefits (senior executive team)                                           4,633        4,488
Directors’ fees                                                                                 1,011        893
Total key management personnel and directors’ compensation                                    5,644         5,381


Key management personnel are the senior executive team of the Group and include the chief executive and six
senior executive team members at 31 March 2020 (2019: chief executive and six senior executive team members).
In addition, NZ IAS 24 Related Party Disclosures requires directors’ fees to be included within key management
personnel compensation. All directors are non-executive and are not involved in the day-to-day operations of the
Group (2019: all directors).
Directors’ fees increased as a result of the board increasing to eight directors (2019: seven directors).
Post-employment benefits (KiwiSaver/Superannuation) employer contributions included in short-term employee
benefits (senior executive team) above is $128,983 (2019: $112,455 senior executive team).
In addition, the Company provides certain senior employees with limited recourse loans on an interest-free basis
to support employees’ participation in the leadership share scheme (note 25).




                                                          80
                                                 ANNUAL REP ORT 20 20




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
FO R THE YE A R END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 0



19. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
The financial instruments consist of cash and cash equivalents, trade and other receivables, trade and other
payables, occupancy advances, refundable accommodation deposits, employee advances, loans, overdrafts,
interest-rate swaps and lease liabilities.

Categories of financial instruments

                                                                                                  2020               2019
                                                                                                  $000              $000

Financial assets
Cash and cash equivalents (note 8)                                                               34,374                     -
Financial assets at amortised cost (loans and receivables)                                      436,166           352,966
                                                                                               470,540           352,966

Financial liabilities
Amortised cost                                                                                5,247,336          4,312,615
Derivative instruments in designated hedge accounting relationships
(interest-rate swaps)                                                                           23,809              13,393
Lease liabilities                                                                                 15,145                    -
                                                                                             5,286,290         4,326,008


a. Credit risk management
     Credit risk is the risk of the failure of a debtor or counterparty to honour its contractual obligation resulting in
     financial loss to the Group.
     Financial assets, which potentially subject the Group to credit risk, consist principally of cash and cash
     equivalents, trade and other receivables, and advances to employees. The maximum credit risk at
     31 March 2020 is the fair value of these assets. The Group’s cash equivalents are placed with high-credit,
     quality financial institutions. The Group does not require collateral from its debtors.
     The directors consider the Group’s exposure to any concentration of credit risk to be minimal, given
     that (typically):
     •    the occupation of a retirement-village unit does not take place until an occupation advance has been received
     •    care fees are payable 4-weekly in advance when due from residents
     •    care fees not due from residents are paid by government agencies.
     The total credit risk to the Group at 31 March 2020 was $436.2 million (2019: $353.0 million) and there were
     no material overdue debtors at 31 March 2020 (2019: $Nil). The composition of financial assets is shown in the
     table below.
                                                                                                  2020               2019
                                                                                                  $000              $000

     Trade and other receivables (note 5)                                                      425,942            344,814
     Advances to employees (note 25)                                                             10,224              8,152
                                                                                               436,166           352,966



                                                             81
                                                RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
FO R THE YE AR END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 0



19. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

b. Interest-rate risk
   The interest rate applicable to the bank overdraft is variable. The interest rates applicable to the bank loans
   are reviewed at each 3-monthly rollover. The Group always seeks to obtain the most competitive interest rate.
   The Group has entered into an interest-rate swap agreement to provide an effective cash-flow hedge against
   floating interest-rate variability on a defined portion of core Group debt.
   These interest-rate swaps qualify for cash-flow hedge accounting. Interest-rate swaps are initially recognised
   at fair value on the date a contract is entered into and remeasured to their fair value at each reporting date.
   The effective portion of the change in the fair value of the swaps is recognised in other comprehensive income
   and accumulated as a separate component of equity. The ineffective portion is recognised in the income
   statement.
   The hedge ratio is 1:1. The face value of the interest-rate swaps is the same value as the face value of the bank
   loans. As the critical terms of the interest-rate swap contracts and the hedged item are the same, significant
   hedge ineffectiveness is not expected.
   At 31 March 2020, the Group had several interest-rate swaps in place, which are set out in the table below.
   The agreement effectively changes the Group’s interest-rate exposure on the principal of $250 million
   (2019: $250 million) from a floating rate to an average fixed rate of 2.930 percent (2019: 3.145 percent).
   The fair value of the swaps at 31 March 2020 was a liability of $23.8 million (2019: liability of $13.4 million).
   The interest-rate swaps cover notional debt amounts for a term of 5 years at a composite interest rate of
   2.930 percent (2019: 3.145 percent).
   No interest-rate swaps have been taken out for the Australian dollar borrowings.
   The balance of the interest-rate swap reserve is expected to be released to the income statement over the
   maturity profile of the underlying debt as detailed in the table below. At the end of the reporting period, the fair
   value of interest-rate swaps is determined by discounting the future cash flows using the yield curves at the
   end of the reporting period and the credit risk inherent in the contract.
   The notional amortising principal amounts and remaining terms of interest-rate swap contracts outstanding
   at 31 March are shown below.

   Cash-flow hedges
                                                 Average contracted fixed-interest rate      Notional principal amount
                                                             2020                 2019             2020                  2019
                                                                 %                   %             $000                  $000

   Outstanding
   Less than 1 year                                        2.930%               3.145%          180,000             180,000
   1 to 2 years                                            2.930%               3.145%          250,000             180,000
   2 to 3 years                                            2.930%               3.145%          250,000            250,000
   3 to 4 years                                            2.930%               3.145%          200,000            200,000
   4 to 5 years                                            2.930%               3.145%          150,000                150,000




                                                            82
                                              ANNUAL REP ORT 20 20




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
FO R THE YE A R END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 0



19. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

c. Liquidity risk
   Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will not be able to meet its financial obligations as they fall due without
   incurring unacceptable losses or risking reputational damage. The Group manages liquidity to ensure that it has
   sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities when due. This includes under both normal and stressed conditions.
   The Group manages the liquidity risk on occupancy advances through the contractual requirements in the
   occupation agreement.
   Following termination of the agreement, in New Zealand the occupancy advance is repaid at the earlier of:
   •   receipt of the new occupancy advance from the incoming resident
   •   at the end of 3 years.
   Following termination of the agreement, in Australia the occupancy advance is repaid at the earlier of:
   •   14 days after a new resident takes up residence
   •   receipt of the new occupancy advance from the incoming resident
   •   at the end of 6 months.
   Ultimate responsibility for liquidity risk management rests with the directors, who have built an appropriate
   liquidity risk management framework for the management of the Group’s short, medium, and long-term
   funding and liquidity management requirements.
   The Group manages liquidity risk by maintaining adequate reserves, banking facilities, and reserve borrowing
   facilities, and by regularly monitoring forecast and actual cash flows and the maturity profiles of financial
   assets and liabilities.
   At balance date, the Group had NZD$306.3 million (2019: NZD$314.1 million) and AUD$231.0 million
   (2019: AUD$30.5 million) of undrawn facilities at its disposal to further reduce liquidity risk.
   The Group does not face a significant liquidity risk with regard to lease liabilities (note 12).




                                                           83
                                             RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
FO R THE YE AR END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 0



19. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

   Maturity profile
   The following table details the Group’s exposure to liquidity risk (including contractual interest obligations for
   bank loans).
                                                                    Contractual maturity dates
                                                2020                                                    2019
                                             Less      Greater                                       Less      Greater
                                  On         than          than                        On            than          than
                              demand       1 year        1 year            Total   demand          1 year        1 year       Total
                                $000       $000          $000             $000       $000          $000          $000         $000
   Financial liabilities:
   Trade and other payables         -     183,975               -       183,975            -     126,909               -    126,909
   Interest-rate swaps              -     23,809                -        23,809            -      13,393               -     13,393
   Refundable
   accommodation deposits      74,571           -               -         74,571     34,013             -              -     34,013
   Bank loans (secured)             -      3,533       1,741,613       1,745,146           -       9,450       1,319,661    1,329,111
   Occupancy advances
   (non-interest bearing)           -    382,745 2,864,432             3,247,177           -     348,086 2,479,604 2,827,690
   Lease liabilities                -      6,224         9,908            16,132           -            -              -           -
                               74,571   600,286 4,615,953 5,290,810                 34,013       497,838 3,799,265         4,331,116


   Gross occupancy advances and refundable accommodation deposits are non-interest bearing.
   The above figures have been calculated on the anticipated level of occupancy advance repayments based on
   historical experience. To date, new occupancy advances received have always exceeded repaid occupancy
   advances (net of management fees) and represent a positive net operating cash flow to the Group.




                                                           84
                                               ANNUAL REP ORT 20 20




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
FO R THE YE A R END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 0



19. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
   The Group maintains the following lines of credit.
   •   $2.8 million (2019: $2.8 million) overdraft facility that is secured. Interest would be payable at the 3-month
       BKBM rate, plus a specified margin (note 8).
   •   Bank debt facilities of the Group total approximately $2.3 billion (2019: $1.7 billion) made up as follows.
       –   An NZD loan facility of $1.80 billion (2019: $1.46 billion), of which $35.0 million (2019: $35.0 million)
           is for 1 year, $144.0 million (2019: $Nil) is for 1.5 years, $521.3 million (2019: $521.5 million) is for 3 years,
           $485.3 million (2019: $485.3 million) is for 4 years, and $616.3 million (2019: $416.25 million) is for 5 years.
       –   An AUD loan facility of AUD$471.0 million (2019: AUD$220.0 million), of which AUD$36.0 million
           (2019: $Nil) is for 1.5 years, AUD$235.0 million (2019: AUD$220.0 million) is for 4 years, and
           AUD$200.0 million (2019: $Nil) is for 5 years.
       –   In 2020 the NZD loan facility of $1.80 billion is provided by ANZ Bank New Zealand Ltd ($390.0 million),
           Commonwealth Bank of Australia ($274.9 million), Bank of New Zealand/National Australia Bank
           ($370.5 million), Westpac ($291.4 million), MUFG ($175.0 million), Bank of China ($200.0 million) and
           the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China ($100.0 million) under the terms of a syndicated loan
           agreement. The facility allows for the funds to be drawn down in NZD up to the $1.80 billion NZD limit.
       –   In 2020 the AUD loan facility of AUD$471.0 million is provided by ANZ Bank New Zealand Ltd
           (AUD$136.0 million), Commonwealth Bank of Australia (AUD$242.5 million), Bank of New Zealand/
           National Australia Bank (AUD$42.0 million), and Westpac (AUD$50.5 million) under the terms of a
           syndicated loan agreement.
       –   In 2019 the NZD loan facility of $1.46 billion is provided by ANZ Bank New Zealand Ltd ($350.0 million),
           Commonwealth Bank of Australia ($274.9 million), Bank of New Zealand/National Australia Bank
           ($320.5 million), Westpac ($237.4 million), MUFG ($175.0 million), and Bank of China ($100.0 million)
           under the terms of a syndicated loan agreement. The facility allows for the funds to be drawn down in
           NZD up to the $1.46 billion NZD limit.
       –   In 2019 the AUD loan facility of AUD$220 million is provided by ANZ Bank New Zealand Ltd
           (AUD$100.0 million), Commonwealth Bank of Australia (AUD$42.5 million), Bank of New Zealand/
           National Australia Bank (AUD$42.0 million), and Westpac (AUD$35.5 million) under the terms of a
           syndicated loan agreement.
   The Group renews its facilities annually to ensure an appropriate portion matures on a rolling 1, 3, 4, and
   5-year basis.

d. Fair values
   The carrying amounts of financial instruments in the Group’s balance sheet are the same as their fair value in
   all material aspects, due to the demand features of these instruments and/or their interest-rate profiles.
   The fair value of interest-rate swaps is derived using inputs supplied by third parties that are observable,
   either directly (prices) or indirectly (derived from prices). The Group has therefore categorised these liabilities
   as Level 2 under the fair-value hierarchy contained within NZ IFRS 13.




                                                           85
                                                RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
FO R THE YE AR END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 0



19. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

e. Market risk
     The Group is primarily exposed to interest-rate risk (note 19 (b)) and foreign-currency risk (note 19 (f)).
     Based on the Group’s average net level of interest-bearing debt, the Group’s profit and total comprehensive
     income for the year ended 31 March 2020 would not change materially if there was a movement of plus/(minus)
     50 basis points.

f.   Foreign-currency risk
     Foreign-currency risk is the risk that the value of the Group’s assets, liabilities, and financial performance will
     fluctuate due to changes in foreign-currency rates.
     The Group is primarily exposed to currency risk as a result of its subsidiaries in Australia.
     The risk to the Group is that the value of the overseas subsidiaries’ financial position and financial
     performance will fluctuate in economic terms and, as recorded in the consolidated accounts, due to changes
     in the overseas exchange rates.
     The Group’s profit and total comprehensive income for the year ended 31 March 2020 would not change
     materially by a movement of plus/(minus) 1 cent in AUD/NZD.
     The Group hedges the currency risk relating to its Australian subsidiaries by holding a portion of its bank
     borrowings in Australian dollars. Any foreign-currency movement in the net assets of the Australian subsidiary
     is partially offset by an opposite movement in the Australian dollar debt.

g. Capital management
     The Group’s capital includes share capital, reserves, and retained earnings. The objective of the Group’s capital
     management is to ensure a strong credit rating to support business growth and maximise shareholder value.
     The Group’s capital is managed at parent-company level. The Group is subject to capital requirements
     imposed by its bank and the lenders included in the banking syndicate through covenants agreed as part
     of the lending facility arrangements. The Group has met all externally imposed capital requirements for the
     12 months ended 31 March 2020 and 31 March 2019.
     The Group’s capital structure is managed, and adjustments are made with board approval to the structure,
     considering economic conditions at the time. There were no changes to objectives, policies, or processes
     during the year.

20. COMMITMENTS

Capital expenditure commitments
The Group had commitments relating to construction contracts amounting to $200.9 million at 31 March 2020
(2019: $127.3 million).
The Group has an ongoing commitment for maintaining the land and buildings of the integrated retirement
villages, resthomes, and hospitals.




                                                            86
                                               ANNUAL REP ORT 20 20




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
FO R THE YE A R END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 0



2 1. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
The Group had no contingent liabilities at 31 March 2020 (2019: $Nil).

2 2 .	R ECONCILIATION OF NET PROFIT AF TER TAX WITH NET CASH FLOW FROM
     OPERATING ACTIVITIES

                                                                                           2020               2019
                                                                                           $000              $000

Net profit after tax                                                                     264,710          325,986

Adjusted for:
Movements in balance-sheet items
Occupancy advances                                                                      482,962            367,538
Accrued management fees                                                                  (64,051)         (54,652)
Refundable accommodation deposits                                                         40,558             3,256
Revenue in advance                                                                         6,456             5,890
Trade and other payables                                                                   5,507              2,165
Trade and other receivables                                                               (81,124)          12,669
Employee entitlements                                                                       1,844            3,597

Non-cash items:
Depreciation and amortisation                                                             26,829             23,125
Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                         1,787                 -
Deferred tax                                                                            (93,563)             3,429
Unrealised foreign-exchange loss                                                            2,314             1,332

Adjusted for:
Fair-value movement of investment properties                                            (144,438)         (292,910)

Net operating cash flows                                                                 449,791          401,425


Net operating cash flows includes net occupancy advance receipts from retirement-village residents of
$755.3 million (2019: $703.6 million).
Also included in operating cash flows are net receipts from refundable accommodation deposits of $41.1 million
(2019: $3.8 million).
Net operating cash flows also include management fees collected of $44.6 million (2019: $39.0 million).




                                                        87
                                                RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
FO R THE YE AR END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 0



2 3. SUB SIDIARY COMPANIES
All trading subsidiaries operate in the aged-care sector in New Zealand and Australia, are 100 percent owned, and
have a balance date of 31 March. The operating subsidiaries are listed below.
•   Anthony Wilding Retirement Village Limited           •   Kiri Te Kanawa Retirement Village Limited
•   Bert Sutcliffe Retirement Village Limited            •   Lincoln Road Retirement Village Limited
•   Bob Owens Retirement Village Limited                 •   Linda Jones Retirement Village Limited
•   Bob Scott Retirement Village Limited                 •   Logan Campbell Retirement Village Limited
•   Bruce McLaren Retirement Village Limited             •   Malvina Major Retirement Village Limited
•   Charles Fleming Retirement Village Limited           •   Margaret Stoddart Retirement Village Limited
•   Charles Upham Retirement Village Limited             •   Murray Halberg Retirement Village Limited
•   Diana Isaac Retirement Village Limited               •   Nellie Melba Retirement Village Pty Ltd
•   Edmund Hillary Retirement Village Limited            •   Ngaio Marsh Retirement Village Limited
•   Ernest Rutherford Retirement Village Limited         •   Possum Bourne Retirement Village Limited
•   Essie Summers Retirement Village Limited             •   Rita Angus Retirement Village Limited
•   Evelyn Page Retirement Village Limited               •   Rowena Jackson Retirement Village Limited
•   Frances Hodgkins Retirement Village Limited          •   Ryman Aged Care (Australia) Pty Ltd
•   Grace Joel Retirement Village Limited                •   Ryman Healthcare (Australia) No. 7 Pty Ltd
•   Havelock North Retirement Village Limited            •   Ryman Healthcare (Australia) No. 9 Pty Ltd
•   Hilda Ross Retirement Village Limited                •   Ryman Healthcare (Australia) Pty Ltd
•   Hobsonville Retirement Village Limited               •   Ryman Napier Limited
•   Jane Mander Retirement Village Limited               •   Shona McFarlane Retirement Village Limited
•   Jane Winstone Retirement Village Limited             •   Weary Dunlop Retirement Village Pty Ltd
•   Jean Sandel Retirement Village Limited               •   William Sanders Retirement Village Limited
•   John Flynn Retirement Village Pty Ltd                •   Yvette Williams Retirement Village Limited
•   Julia Wallace Retirement Village Limited




                                                        88
                                             ANNUAL REP ORT 20 20




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
FO R THE YE A R END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 0



24. SEGMENT INFORMATION

Products and services from which reportable segments derive their revenue
The Ryman Group operates in one industry, being the provision of integrated retirement villages for older people
in New Zealand and Australia. The service provision process for each of the villages is similar, and the class of
customer and methods of distribution and regulatory environment is consistent across all the villages.

Segment revenues and results
The accounting policies of the reportable segment are the same as the Group’s accounting policies. The segment
profit represents profit earned for the segment after all costs including all administration costs, directors’ fees,
interest revenue, finance costs, and income-tax expense.
The board makes resource allocation decisions to the segment, based on the expected cash flows and results of
Group operations as a whole. No operations were discontinued during the year. To monitor segment performance
and allocate resources to the segment, the board monitors assets attributable to the segment. All assets are
allocated to the reportable segment.

Information about major customers
Included in total revenue are revenues that arose from sales to the Group’s largest customers.
The Group derives care-fee revenue for eligible government-subsidised, aged-care residents who receive resthome,
hospital, or dementia-level care. The government aged-care subsidies received from the Ministry of Health included
in Group care fees amounted to $114.9 million (2019: $109.3 million). There are no other significant customers.




                                                         89
                                                   RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
FO R THE YE AR END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 0



Geographical information
The Group operates in New Zealand and Australia.
In presenting information based on geographical areas, net profit, underlying profit, and revenue are based on the
geographical location of operations. Assets are based on the geographical location of the assets.
                                                                     New Zealand         Australia          Group
                                                                           $000             $000             $000
Year ended 31 March 2020

Revenue                                                                   383,117          40,766         423,883

Underlying profit (non-GAAP)                                              199,877          42,154          242,031
      plus deferred tax credit (note 4)                                    86,142            7,421          93,563
      plus unrealised fair-value movement (note 7)                       (44,092)         (26,792)        (70,884)
Profit for the year                                                       241,927          22,783          264,710

Non-current assets                                                      6,260,370        946,336         7,206,706

Year ended 31 March 2019

Revenue                                                                  358,524           23,810         382,334

Underlying profit (non-GAAP)                                             189,903           37,068          226,971
    less deferred tax expense (note 4)                                    (3,429)                -          (3,429)
    plus unrealised fair-value movement (note 7)                           90,167           12,277         102,444
Profit for the year                                                       276,641          49,345         325,986

Non-current assets                                                      5,598,182         700,333        6,298,515


Underlying profit is a non-GAAP (Generally Accepted Accounting Principles) measure and differs from NZ IFRS
profit for the year. Underlying profit does not have a standardised meaning prescribed by GAAP and so may not
be comparable to similar financial information presented by other entities. The Group uses underlying profit, with
other measures, to measure performance. Underlying profit is a measure that the Group uses consistently across
reporting periods.
Underlying profit excludes deferred taxation, taxation expense, and unrealised movement on investment
properties because these items do not reflect the trading performance of the Company. Underlying profit
determines the dividend pay-out to shareholders.




                                                           90
                                               ANNUAL REP ORT 20 20




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
FO R THE YE A R END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 0



2 5. EMPLOY EE SHARE SCHEMES

Leadership share scheme
The Group operates an employee share scheme for certain senior employees, other than non-executive directors,
to purchase ordinary shares in the Company.
The Group provides the employees with limited recourse loans on an interest-free basis to support employees’
participation in the scheme. These shares are treated as treasury stock when purchased on market, due to the
features of the scheme.
The loans are applied to the purchase of shares on market, so the number of shares and the consideration for
each share is determined by the market price at that time. The scheme holds 2,711,244 fully allocated shares,
which represents 0.54 percent of the total shares on issue (2019: 2,577,272 fully allocated shares, which
represented 0.52 percent of the total shares on issue).
Shares purchased under the scheme are held by two directors as custodians, and the shares carry the same
rights as all other ordinary shares. The loan is repayable if the employee is no longer employed by the Group.
The following table reconciles the shares purchased on market under the scheme at the beginning and end of the
financial year.
                                                                                            2020                 2019
                                                                                        Number of        Number of
                                                                                           shares           shares

Balance at beginning of the financial year                                               2,577,272        2,477,076
Purchased on market during the year                                                      1,026,708          922,127
Forfeited during the financial year                                                      (213,479)         (112,977)
Vested during the financial year                                                         (679,257)        (708,954)
Balance at end of the financial year                                                     2,711,244        2,577,272

Shares were purchased under the scheme in August 2019 at a price of $13.40 per share. Remaining shares held by
the scheme were purchased in August 2018 ($12.98) and August 2017 ($9.32).
Shares vested in August 2019 were originally purchased at $9.55 per share in 2016 and are now held directly by
employees. The amounts owed by employees in these vested shares are included within advances to employees.
This balance includes $1,776,967 owing by the senior executive team (as defined in note 18) in the share scheme
(2019: $4,390,591).
The directors estimate the fair value of each employee advance granted at the time of the purchase of shares on
market, on behalf of the selected employee. Due to the on-market purchase and sale features of the scheme, and
the scheme agreement arrangements, the directors consider any such value to be immaterial. Shares subject to
this scheme vest 3 years from the date of purchase.

All staff employee share scheme
In addition, the Group operates a share scheme that is available for all staff.
Participants of this scheme contribute a minimum of $500 (and up to a maximum amount of $10,000) towards
the on-market purchase of Ryman Healthcare Limited shares. To help the staff member purchase more shares,
the Group advanced an interest-free loan equal to the employee’s contribution towards the share purchase
(financial assistance).
The loan is repayable when the staff member leaves the Group. Shares purchased under the scheme are held in
the employee’s name. The financial assistance provided by the Group is recorded in advances to employees.
                                                           91
                                              RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
FO R THE YE AR END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 0



26. SUB SEQUENT EVENTS
The directors resolved to pay a final dividend of 12.70 cents per share or $63.5 million, with no imputation credits
attached, to be paid on 10 July 2020.

2 7. AUTHORISATION
The directors authorised the issue of these financial statements on 11 June 2020.




		
Claire Higgins                                                Dr David Kerr
Non-Executive Director and                                    Chair
Chair of Audit and Financial
Risk Committee




                                                         92
ANNUAL REP ORT 20 20




         93
                                                     RY MAN HEALT HCARE




                                              preparation    of   consolidated    financial   statements     that   are   free   from   material
 Independent Auditor’s Report
                           misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
 TO THE SHAR E H O L D ER S O F RY M A
                                     InN H E A LT HCARE
                                         preparing the   LIMIT  ED financial statements, the directors are responsible on
                                                       consolidated
                                             behalf of the Group for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern,
                                             disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
 Opinion                     We have auditedbasis
                                               the of
                                                   consolidated
                                                       accountingfinancial statements
                                                                    unless the         of Ryman
                                                                                directors        Healthcare
                                                                                           either intend  to Limited
                                                                                                             liquidateand
                                                                                                                       theitsGroup or to cease
                             subsidiaries (the ‘Group’),
                                             operations, which comprise
                                                           or have  no the    consolidated
                                                                       realistic           balance
                                                                                 alternative        sheetso.
                                                                                              but to do   as at 31 March 2020,
                             and the consolidated income statement, statement of comprehensive income, statement
Auditor’s responsibilities
                         of for    the in equity
                             changes         Our and
                                                   objectives
                                                       statementareof to obtain
                                                                      cash         reasonable
                                                                            flows for the        assurance
                                                                                          year then           about
                                                                                                     ended, and        whether
                                                                                                                 notes to  the the consolidated
audit of the consolidated    financial financial
                         consolidated        financial  statements
                                                     statements,       as a a
                                                                  including  whole   are of
                                                                               summary    free from    material
                                                                                             significant         misstatement,
                                                                                                         accounting  policies.    whether due to
statements                                   fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable
                         In our opinion, the   accompanying
                                             assurance           consolidated
                                                          is a high level       financial but
                                                                           of assurance,  statements,
                                                                                                is not aon pages  50 tothat
                                                                                                          guarantee      92, an
                                                                                                                             present
                                                                                                                                audit conducted in
                                             accordance
                          fairly, in all material respects,with
                                                             the ISAs   and ISAs
                                                                consolidated        (NZ) will
                                                                               financial      always
                                                                                         position       detect
                                                                                                   of the Groupa as at
                                                                                                                 material   misstatement
                                                                                                                       31 March  2020,    when it
                                             exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if,
                          and its consolidated     financial performance and cash flows for the year then ended in accordance
                                             individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the
                          with New Zealand      Equivalents to International Financial Reporting Standards (‘NZ IFRS’) and
                                             economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial
                          International Financial     Reporting Standards (‘IFRS’).
                                             statements.
                                              A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial
 Basis for opinion           We conducted ourstatements   is located on
                                                audit in accordance   withthe External Reporting
                                                                           International StandardsBoard’s   website
                                                                                                    on Auditing        at:and
                                                                                                                 (‘ISAs’)
                             International Standards on Auditing (New Zealand) (‘ISAs    (NZ)’). Our responsibilities under those
                                             https://www.xrb.govt.nz/standards-for-assurance-practitioners/auditors-
                                             responsibilities/audit-report-1
                             standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated
                             Financial Statements
                                             This section   of our
                                                  description      report.
                                                                forms  part of our auditor’s report.
                             We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a
Restriction on use                           This report is made solely to the Company’s shareholders, as a body. Our audit has been
                             basis for our opinion.
                                              undertaken so that we might state to the Company’s shareholders those matters we are
                                            required
                             We are independent   of thetoGroup
                                                           state in
                                                                  to them   in anwith
                                                                    accordance    auditor’s reportand
                                                                                      Professional and for no other
                                                                                                      Ethical          purpose.
                                                                                                              Standard 1         To the fullest
                                                                                                                          (Revised)
                                            extent
                             Code of Ethics for      permitted
                                                Assurance         by law, we
                                                             Practitioners     do not
                                                                           issued      accept
                                                                                   by the Newor assume
                                                                                              Zealand   responsibility
                                                                                                      Auditing           to anyone other than
                                                                                                               and Assurance
                                            the Company’s shareholders as a body, for our audit work, for this report, or for the
                             Standards Board   and the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants’ Code of Ethics
                                            opinions we have formed.
                             for Professional Accountants, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance
                             with these requirements.
                             Our firm carries out an assurance engagement for the Group relating to Australian aged care.
                             These services have not impaired our independence as auditor of the Company and Group.
      Paul Bryden, Partner
      for Deloitte LimitedIn addition to this, partners and employees of our firm deal with the Company and its subsidiaries
      Christchurch, New Zealand
                          on normal terms within the ordinary course of trading activities of the business of the Company
      11 June 2020
                             and its subsidiaries. The firm has no other relationship with, or interest in, the Company or any of
                             its subsidiaries.


 Audit materiality           We consider materiality primarily in terms of the magnitude of misstatement in the financial
                             statements of the Group that in our judgement would make it probable that the economic decisions
                             of a reasonably knowledgeable person would be changed or influenced (the ‘quantitative’ materiality).
                             In addition, we also assess whether other matters that come to our attention during the audit would
                             in our judgement change or influence the decisions of such a person (the ‘qualitative’ materiality). We
                             use materiality both in planning the scope of our audit work and in evaluating the results of our work.
                             We determined materiality for the Group financial statements as a whole to be $15m.


 Key audit matters           Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance
                             in our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were
                             addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in
                             forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.




                                                                  94
                                                     ANNUAL REP ORT 20 20




                                              preparation     of   consolidated     financial   statements      that   are   free   from   material
   Investment property valuation, including   material whether
                                           misstatement,  How our audit
                                                               due to   addressed
                                                                      fraud or     the key audit matter
                                                                               error.
   valuation uncertainties as a result of COVID-19
                                              In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible on
                                              behalf of the Group for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern,
 As explained in policy (e) and note 7 in the disclosing,
                                              consolidatedas applicable, mattersfocused
                                                                Our procedures     relatedon:
                                                                                            to going concern and using the going concern
                                              basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease
 financial statements, investment properties    are carried
                                              operations, or have  no realistic alternative
                                                                • The appropriateness   of thebut to do so.
                                                                                               valuation methodology
 at fair value on the consolidated balance sheet. The
 fair value was
Auditor’s       determined by for
            responsibilities   independent
                                   the      registered
                                           Our               • The
                                                 objectives are   to accuracy   of the underlying
                                                                     obtain reasonable              data used
                                                                                               assurance        for the
                                                                                                            about        valuationthe consolidated
                                                                                                                      whether
 valuers  appointed by the Group.
audit of the consolidated financial financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to
                                                             • The reasonableness of underlying assumptions in the valuation
statements                                 fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable
 These properties were valued at $5,760m assurance is a high model,     specifically
                                                                 level of assurance, with
                                                                                        butregard  to aCOVID-19
                                                                                              is not    guarantee andthat
                                                                                                                       its impacts.
                                                                                                                            an audit conducted in
 (2019: $5,082m). The revaluation gain recognised
                                           accordance with ISAs     and  ISAs  (NZ)   will  always   detect  a  material    misstatement when it
                                                             Our procedures included, amongst others:
 in the consolidated income statement wasexists.
                                            $144m Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if,
 (2019: $293m).                            individually or in• the  aggregate,
                                                                Evaluating         they could
                                                                           the Group’s            reasonably
                                                                                         processes for    the be      expected
                                                                                                              independent          to influence the
                                                                                                                              valuation
                                           economic decisionsof theof investment
                                                                       users taken      on the basis of these consolidated financial
                                                                                    properties
 We include the valuation of investment properties  as a
                                           statements.
 key audit matter for two reasons:                                 • Reading the valuation reports for all properties within the
                                             A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial
                                                                 group
                                             statements is located  on and
                                                                       the reviewing the valuation
                                                                           External Reporting      methodology
                                                                                                 Board’s       and
                                                                                                         website   the
                                                                                                                 at:
 1. 	The significance to the financial statements:
                                                                 reasonableness of the significant underlying assumptions
      The investment properties account for 75% of
                                             https://www.xrb.govt.nz/standards-for-assurance-practitioners/auditors-
      the total assets (2019: 76%), making it the most         • Discussing with management the nature of key assumptions and
                                             responsibilities/audit-report-1
      significant balance on the balance sheet.                  the expected impact of COVID-19 on these assumptions
                                             This description forms part of our auditor’s report.
 2. 	The complexity of the valuation model: the                   • Assessing the competence, objectivity, and integrity of the
Restriction  onmodel
     valuation   use is complex and combines
                                          This report is made solely  to theregistered
                                                              independent     Company’s    shareholders,
                                                                                        valuers. We        as a
                                                                                                    assessed     body. Our
                                                                                                              their           audit has been
                                                                                                                    professional
                                          undertaken so that we might state to the Company’s shareholders those matters we are
     discounted future cash flows and occupancy               qualifications and experience. We also obtained representation
                                          required to state to them in an auditor’s report and for no other purpose. To the fullest
     advances received from residents. The        permitted byfrom
                                             valuation
                                          extent               law,them
                                                                     we doabout
                                                                            not their independence
                                                                                 accept  or assume and    the scope of
                                                                                                     responsibility   totheir workother than
                                                                                                                         anyone
     relies on various estimates and underlying
                                          the Company’s • shareholders
                                                              Meeting withasthe
                                                                              a valuer
                                                                                body,tofor our    audithe
                                                                                          understand    work,   for this
                                                                                                          valuation       report, or for the
                                                                                                                    process
     assumptions, such as long-term house-price
                                          opinions we have formed.
                                                                     adopted. The purpose of the meeting was to identify and
      inflation and discount rates, along with current unit
                                                                     challenge the critical judgment areas in the valuation model
      pricing and resident profiles such as age. A small
                                                                     and to confirm the valuation approach was in accordance with
      percentage difference in certain input assumptions
                                                                     NZ IFRS 13 Fair Value Measurement. We specifically discussed
      could result in a material change to the valuation.
      Paul Bryden, Partner                                           the impact of COVID-19 with the valuers and critically challenged
    for Deloitte Limited                                             the changes made to key assumptions and their reasonableness
 Impact of COVID-19
      Christchurch, New Zealand
                                                                   • Using our in-house valuation specialists to assess the
 With11NewJune 2020in Alert Level 4 on 31 March 2020
            Zealand
                                                                     appropriateness of the valuation methodology and challenge
 severe restrictions were in place for the business
                                                                     the reasonableness of the underlying assumptions. Our
 community, and certain restrictions remain in place
                                                                     specialists focused on the assumptions for current pricing,
 at the time of signing the financial statements (similar
                                                                     long-term house-price inflation and discount rates applied.
 restrictions have been and remain in place in Australia).
                                                                     These assumptions were considered on the basis of a COVID-19
 This is creating significant uncertainty for the future
                                                                     economic environment
 residential property market and for the economy as a
 whole, which could have a consequential impact on the             • Agreeing a sample of sales and resales to contracts,
 retirement village sector. Given the market conditions              recalculating actual growth rates on resales to compare to
 that existed at 31 March 2020, the independent                      growth applied by the valuer, and recalculating the average
 registered valuers have reported on a basis of “material            age of residents based on a sample of contracts
 valuation uncertainty” and note that, as a result, less
                                                                   • Comparing a sample of unit market values determined by
 certainty and a higher degree of caution should be
                                                                     the valuer to actual prices received at comparable units within
 attached to the valuation.
                                                                     the village
 In this situation the disclosures in the financial
                                                                   • Assessing the discount rates for reasonableness by comparing
 statements provide particularly important information
                                                                     the rates to those adopted in the previous year and the rates
 about the assumptions made in the valuation and the
                                                                     adopted by comparable entities, challenging the adjustments
 market conditions as at 31 March 2020. Readers of the
                                                                     made to take into account COVID-19 and its expected impacts
 financial statements should refer to the information
 disclosed in note 7 in assessing the investment                   • Considering the appropriateness of the disclosures in note
 property valuations.                                                7 including the specific uncertainties that arise as a result of
                                                                     COVID-19.


                                                                    95
                                                       RY MAN HEALT HCARE




                                               preparation     of   consolidated     financial   statements      that   are   free   from    material
                                           misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
   Valuation of care-facility land and buildings            How our audit addressed the key audit matter
                                             In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible on
                                             behalf of the Group for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern,
 As explained in policy (d) and note 6 in thedisclosing,
                                              financial as applicable,
                                                              Our auditmatters
                                                                       proceduresrelated to going
                                                                                     focused on theconcern and using
                                                                                                    appropriateness of the
                                                                                                                       the going concern
                                             basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease
 statements, care facility land and buildingsoperations,
                                               are            Group’s assessment that the carrying value of land and buildings
                                                         or have no realistic alternative but to do so.
 carried at their fair value at the date of revaluation             classified as property, plant and equipment as at 31 March 2020
 less any subsequent
Auditor’s               accumulated
            responsibilities          depreciation
                                for the             and
                                             Our objectives        is not
                                                                 are    tomaterially   different to fair
                                                                            obtain reasonable            value. about whether the consolidated
                                                                                                     assurance
 impairment   losses.
audit of the consolidated financial financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to
                                                                   Our procedures included, amongst others:
statements                                   fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable
 The net book value of care facility land andassurance
                                              buildings as is a high
                                                                   • level    of assessing
                                                                      Critically assurance,  thebut is not  a guarantee
                                                                                                 documentation    preparedthat
                                                                                                                             by an
                                                                                                                                the audit
                                                                                                                                    Groupconducted in
 reflected in note 6 is $711m (2019: $679m).accordance with ISAs and ISAs (NZ) will always detect a material misstatement when it
                                                                      supporting their assessment of whether there have been
                                             exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if,
 The Group obtains independent valuationsindividually
                                               at least               any significant changes to the assumptions used in the 2019
                                                             or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the
 every 2 years and performs internal assessments
                                             economic in the          valuation
                                                            decisions of          that would
                                                                              users    taken have
                                                                                                on led
                                                                                                     theto the carrying
                                                                                                           basis        values of care
                                                                                                                   of these    consolidated financial
 intervening years to ensure that the carrying  amount
                                             statements.              facility land and buildings as at 31 March 2020 to differ materially
 does not differ materially from fair value at the balance              from their fair values
                                                A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial
 sheet date.                                    statements is located      on theassessing
                                                                                    ExternaltheReporting   Board’sprepared
                                                                                                                     websitebyat:
                                                                     • Critically                 documentation                 the Group
 The last independent valuation was completed as                        supporting their  assessment that there were no indicators that
                                                https://www.xrb.govt.nz/standards-for-assurance-practitioners/auditors-
 at 31 March 2019. A revaluation gain of $24.5m was                     would result in the fair value of developing villages not subject to
                                                responsibilities/audit-report-1
 recognised in other comprehensive income         in 2019.  The         revaluation in 2019, being materially different to their fair values
                                                This description forms part of our auditor’s report.
 valuer used a combination of capitalised earnings data                 as at 31 March 2020
 and   comparable
Restriction on use   market  evidence   to derive fair value.
                                                This report is made  • solely   to the
                                                                        Challenging     Company’s
                                                                                     the Group’s      shareholders,
                                                                                                   assessment   of the as a body.
                                                                                                                       impacts  of Our   audit has been
                                                                                                                                   COVID-19
                                                undertaken so that we might state to the Company’s shareholders those matters we are
 In the current year, the Group has determined       that there         on the following assumptions used in the Group’s asessment of
                                                required to state to them in an auditor’s report and for no other purpose. To the fullest
 has been no material change to the assumptions extentused     in
                                                          permitted  byfair value:
                                                                         law,  we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than
 the 2019 valuation and that there are no indicators    that the
                                                the Company’s shareholders as a body, for our audit work, for this report, or for the
                                                                        - occupancy risk;
 fair values of developing villages not subject to valuationwe
                                                opinions      in have formed.
 2019, differ materially from their carrying values.                    - capitalisation rates;
                                                                        - underlying care centre EBITDA; and
 This assessment has taken into account an updated
 assessment of comparative market evidence, earnings                    - market comparative sales.
 dataPaul
        and sector
             Bryden,analysis to derive an estimate of the
                         Partner                                     • Obtained external evidence to understand the reasonably
 current
       for year fair values.
           Deloitte    Limited                                          possible impact of COVID-19 on the wider aged care sector,
      Christchurch, New Zealand                                       along with the anticipated impact on key assumptions used in
 In making their2020
     11 June     assessment the Group have also
 considered the reasonably possible impacts of COVID-19,              the 2019 financial year valuation
 based on information available at 31 March 2020.                   • Agreeing material additions to supporting documentation
 We included the valuation of care facility land and                • Evaluating the appropriateness of disclosures in Note 6
 buildings as a key audit matter in the current year due              in relation to the specific uncertainties arising from the
 to the significant judgment exercised by the Group                   COVID-19 pandemic.
 in determining that the carrying values will not differ
 materially from the fair values as at 31 March 2020.




                                                                     96
                                                         ANNUAL REP ORT 20 20




                                                 preparation     of   consolidated    financial   statements      that   are   free   from    material
      Other information           The directors are  responsible on
                                                   misstatement,      behalf ofdue
                                                                     whether    theto
                                                                                    Group
                                                                                      fraudfor
                                                                                             orthe other information. The other
                                                                                                error.
                                   information comprises the information in the Annual Report that accompanies the consolidated
                                                   In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible on
                                   financial statements
                                                   behalfandof the
                                                               theaudit report.
                                                                    Group  for The  Annualthe
                                                                                assessing   Report  will beability
                                                                                                Group’s     made toavailable to usasafter
                                                                                                                      continue        a the
                                                                                                                                         going concern,
                                   date of this auditor’s report.as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
                                                   disclosing,
                                                 basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease
                                  Our opinion onoperations,
                                                  the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we
                                                              or have no realistic alternative but to do so.
                                   do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
    Auditor’s responsibilitiesOurforesponsibility
                                     the     Ouris objectives   are to
                                                   to read the other       obtain reasonable
                                                                       information and considerassurance    about
                                                                                                whether it is      whether the consolidated
                                                                                                              materially
    audit of the consolidated financial financial statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to
                              inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or
    statements                               fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable
                              otherwise appears   to be materially
                                             assurance    is a highmisstated.
                                                                     level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in
                                             accordance with ISAs and ISAs (NZ) will always detect a material misstatement when it
                              If, when we read the Annual Report, we conclude that there is a material misstatement, we are
                                             exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if,
                              required to communicate    this to the directors and consider further appropriate actions.
                                             individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the
                                             economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial
                                             statements.
      Directors’                  The directors are responsible on behalf of the Group for the preparation and fair presentation of
                                                 A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial
      responsibilities            the consolidated  financial statements in accordance with NZ IFRS and IFRS, and for such internal
                                                 statements is located on the External Reporting Board’s website at:
      for the consolidated        control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial
      financial statements                       https://www.xrb.govt.nz/standards-for-assurance-practitioners/auditors-
                                  statements that are free from material misstatement,  whether due to fraud or error.
                                                 responsibilities/audit-report-1
                                  In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible on behalf of the
                                                  This description forms part of our auditor’s report.
                                  Group for assessing   the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable,
                                  matters related  to going concern
                                             preparation               and using the
                                                             of consolidated           going concern
                                                                                    financial         basis of accounting
                                                                                                statements     that are unless
                                                                                                                           free from material
    Restriction on use                            This report is made solely to the Company’s shareholders, as a body. Our audit has been
                                  the directors either
                                                  undertaken so that we might state to the Company’s or
                                                       intend
                                             misstatement,     to liquidate
                                                               whether      the
                                                                          due   Group
                                                                               to fraud or to
                                                                                          or  cease
                                                                                             error.  operations,   have no realistic
                                                                                                                 shareholders  those matters we are
                                  alternativeIn
                                              butpreparing
                                                  to do so. tothe
                                                  required      state to  them in an
                                                                    consolidated         auditor’s
                                                                                   financial        report and
                                                                                               statements,   thefor no other are
                                                                                                                  directors   purpose. To the on
                                                                                                                                  responsible fullest
                                                 extent
                                            behalf  of thepermitted  by law,
                                                             Group for       we do the
                                                                         assessing   not accept
                                                                                         Group’sorability
                                                                                                    assume to responsibility
                                                                                                               continue as atogoing
                                                                                                                                 anyone   other than
                                                                                                                                       concern,
                                                 the  Company’s
                                            disclosing,   as       shareholders
                                                             applicable,  matters as  a body,
                                                                                   related to for
                                                                                              goingour   audit and
                                                                                                      concern   work,  for the
                                                                                                                     using  this going
                                                                                                                                  report, or for the
                                                                                                                                        concern
     Auditor’s                    Our objectives opinions
                                            basisare
                                                   of       we have
                                                      to obtain       formed.
                                                                reasonable
                                                       accounting  unless   assurance
                                                                           the         about
                                                                                directors    whether
                                                                                          either intendtheto liquidate
                                                                                                           consolidatedthe
                                                                                                                         financial
                                                                                                                            Group or to cease
     responsibilities             statements as a  whole or
                                            operations,   are free
                                                             havefrom   materialalternative
                                                                    no realistic misstatement,  whether
                                                                                             but to       due to fraud or error, and
                                                                                                     do so.
     for the audit of          to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of
Auditor’s  responsibilities forassurance,
     the consolidated            the       Our
                                            but isobjectives  are to
                                                   not a guarantee    obtain
                                                                   that        reasonable
                                                                        an audit conductedassurance        about
                                                                                               in accordance  withwhether   the consolidated
                                                                                                                   ISAs and ISAs (NZ)
auditfinancial
      of the consolidated
               statements   financial      financial  statements   as a   whole  are  free   from   material  misstatement,
                               will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud  whether due to
statementsPaul Bryden, Partner             fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable
                               or error and  are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be
                                           assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in
          for Deloitte Limited
                               expected
          Christchurch, New Zealand
                                          to  influence the
                                           accordance       economic
                                                         with         decisions
                                                               ISAs and          of users
                                                                          ISAs (NZ)         taken ondetect
                                                                                      will always    the basis of these misstatement
                                                                                                            a material  consolidated when it
          11 June 2020         financial statements.
                                           exists.   Misstatements   can   arise from     fraud   or error  and  are  considered  material if,
                                             individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the
                                  A further description
                                             economic of our  responsibilities
                                                         decisions of   usersfor the
                                                                                takenaudit
                                                                                       on ofthe
                                                                                             the basis
                                                                                                consolidated financial
                                                                                                       of these        statements financial
                                                                                                                   consolidated
                                  is located on the External Reporting Board’s website at:
                                             statements.
                                  https://www.xrb.govt.nz/standards-for-assurance-practitioners/auditors-responsibilities/audit-
                                            A further description of our   responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial
                                  report-1 statements is located on the External Reporting Board’s website at:
                                            https://www.xrb.govt.nz/standards-for-assurance-practitioners/auditors-
                                  This description forms part of our auditor’s report.
                                             responsibilities/audit-report-1

                                             This description forms part of our auditor’s report.
      Restriction on use          This report is made solely to the Company’s shareholders, as a body. Our audit has been
Restriction on use                undertakenThisso that we is
                                                    report  might state
                                                               made      to the
                                                                     solely     Company’s
                                                                              to the         shareholders
                                                                                     Company’s             those as
                                                                                                   shareholders,  matters  we are
                                                                                                                       a body. Ourequired
                                                                                                                                   audit has been
                                  to state to undertaken    so thatreport
                                              them in an auditor’s   we might     state
                                                                            and for     to thepurpose.
                                                                                     no other   Company’s    shareholders
                                                                                                        To the fullest extentthose matters
                                                                                                                              permitted by we are
                                              required
                                  law, we do not  accepttoorstate to them
                                                              assume          in an to
                                                                       responsibilityauditor’s
                                                                                         anyonereport
                                                                                                  otherand
                                                                                                       thanfor
                                                                                                             theno other
                                                                                                                 Company’s purpose.  To the fullest
                                                                                                                              shareholders
                                  as a body, extent   permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than
                                              for our audit work, for this report, or for the opinions we have formed.
                                             the Company’s shareholders as a body, for our audit work, for this report, or for the
                                             opinions we have formed.




     Paul  Bryden,Partner
     Paul Bryden,   Partner
     for Deloitte Limited
     for Deloitte Limited
     Christchurch, New Zealand
     Christchurch,
     11 June 2020New Zealand
      11 June 2020

                                                                      97
RY MAN HEALT HCARE




        98
    ANNUAL REP ORT 20 20




Statement
of corporate
governance


             99
                                              RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Statement of corporate governance



Ryman believes in the benefit of good                             on the class waiver in relation to its full-year results
corporate governance and the value it                             announcement for the year ended 31 March 2020.
                                                                  The full-year results announcement was released on
provides for our shareholders, residents,                         12 June 2020.
staff, and other stakeholders.
                                                                  This annual report was released on 29 June 2020,
                                                                  which meets the standard periodic reporting
The company’s approach to applying the
                                                                  requirements under the Listing Rules and does not
recommendations outlined in the NZX                               make use of the class waiver.
Corporate Governance Code (the Code)
                                                                  PRINCIPLE 1 – CODE OF ETHICAL
are set out below. The section is set out in the
                                                                  BEHAVIOUR
order of the principles detailed in the Code
                                                                  “Directors should set high standards of ethical
and explains how Ryman is applying the
                                                                  behaviour, model this behaviour and hold
Code’s recommendations.                                           management accountable for these standards
                                                                  being followed throughout the organisation.”
Ryman’s policy documents referred
to in this section are available at                               Code of ethics
www.rymanhealthcare.co.nz/about-us/
                                                                  As part of the board’s commitment to the highest
investors/governance.                                             standards of behaviour and accountability, the
                                                                  company has adopted a code of ethics to guide
NZX Listing Rules                                                 directors, senior management, and employees in
                                                                  carrying out their duties and responsibilities.
The NZX Main Board Listing Rules (the Listing Rules)
were amended by NZX following their review in 2018.               Ryman’s code of ethics is the framework of standards by
The new Listing Rules came into effect on 1 January 2019,         which the directors, senior management, and employees
subject to a 6-month transitional period. The company             are expected to conduct their professional lives. It is
has applied the new Listing Rules from 1 July 2019 (as            intended to support decision-making that is consistent
further amended from 1 January 2020).                             with Ryman’s values, business goals, and legal and policy
                                                                  obligations, rather than to prescribe an exhaustive list of
COVID-19 Class Waiver                                             acceptable and non-acceptable behaviour.
As a result of the COVID-19 situation, on 19 March 2020           The board approves the code of ethics, which covers
NZX Regulation granted a class waiver, under which                matters such as:
the timing requirements for the release of results
                                                                  •   interacting with residents and their families,
announcements and annual reports were extended
                                                                      employees, and suppliers
for issuers with certain balance dates, if those issuers
consider they require that additional time to meet their          •   accepting gifts or other benefits
periodic reporting requirements.                                  •   dealing with conflicts of interest
Under the class waiver, issuers were given up to an               •   protecting company assets
additional 30 days to prepare and release results                 •   complying with laws and policies
announcements, and up to an additional two months to              •   maintaining confidentiality
prepare and release annual reports.                               •   reporting breaches.
Ryman considered the impact of COVID-19 and                       New employees receive a copy of the code of ethics,
determined that additional time was required to                   which is accessible to all staff on the Ryman intranet
meet its periodic reporting requirements, and relied              and the company website.



                                                            100
                                             ANNUAL REP ORT 20 20




Statement of corporate governance (continued)


The company has a whistleblower and protected                    The board carries out its responsibilities according to
disclosure policy. The purpose of the policy is to               the following mandate.
protect an employee who wishes to raise concerns of
                                                                 •   The board should consist of a majority of
serious wrongdoing from reprisals or victimisation for
                                                                     non-executive directors.
reporting their concerns.
                                                                 •   At least a third of the directors should be
Financial product trading policy                                     independent of management and free from any
                                                                     business or other relationship or circumstance
Ryman supports the integrity of New Zealand’s                        that could materially interfere with the exercise of
financial markets. This integrity is maintained, in                  a director’s independent judgement.
part, through the insider trading laws that apply in
                                                                 •   The board’s chair should be a non-executive
New Zealand. Ryman’s financial product trading policy
                                                                     director (and not the chief executive).
outlines how those laws apply, as well as the rules that
Ryman has put in place so that those laws are followed.          •   Directors should possess a broad range of skills,
                                                                     qualifications, and experience and remain up to date
Directors, certain employees, and their related parties              on how best to perform their duties as directors.
must seek approval from the company to trade in the
                                                                 •   Management must provide information of
company’s shares. Trading is limited to two ‘trading
                                                                     sufficient content, quality, and timeliness as the
windows’: between the full-year announcement
                                                                     board considers necessary to allow the board to
date and 31 August, and between the half-year
                                                                     effectively discharge its duties.
announcement date and 31 January each year.
                                                                 •   The effectiveness and performance of the board
The directors’ shareholdings and all trading of shares               and its individual members should be re-evaluated
during the year by the directors is disclosed in the                 annually.
section headed Directors’ disclosures. A director or
senior manager is obliged to advise the NZX promptly             The board consists entirely of non-executive directors.
if they trade in the company’s shares.                           The directors of the company at 31 March 2020 are
                                                                 Dr David Kerr, Jo Appleyard, Warren Bell, Claire Higgins,
PRINCIPLE 2 – BOARD COMP OSITION                                 George Savvides, Geoff Cumming, Anthony Leighs and
AND PERFORMANCE                                                  Paula Jeffs. The board has determined that Dr David
                                                                 Kerr, Jo Appleyard, Claire Higgins, George Savvides,
“To ensure an effective board, there should be                   Anthony Leighs and Paula Jeffs are all independent
a balance of independence, skills, knowledge,                    directors for the purposes of the Listing Rules.
experience and perspectives.”
                                                                 More information on the directors, including their
                                                                 experience, interests, qualifications, length of service,
The board of directors
                                                                 and shareholdings, is provided in the Directors’
The directors are responsible for the corporate                  disclosures section of this report and is on the
governance practices of the company. The practices               company’s website. A summary of the board’s skill set
adopted by the board are prescribed in a charter that            is detailed in the table below.
sets out the protocols for how the board operates.
                                                                 Day-to-day management of Ryman is delegated to the
The charter complies with the relevant                           chief executive and the senior executive team.
recommendations in the Code and is reviewed annually.
The board’s primary role is to effectively represent and
promote the interests of shareholders with a view to
adding long-term value to the company’s shares.




                                                           101
                                                RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Statement of corporate governance (continued)



                                 Dr David      Jo       Warren       George     Claire      Geoff     Anthony      Paula
                                   Kerr     Appleyard    Bell       Savvides    Higgins    Cumming     Leighs      Jeffs
Governance                          •           •          •            •          •          •           •
Executive leadership                                                    •          •          •           •          •
Finance and accounting              •                      •            •          •          •
Risk management                     •           •          •            •          •          •           •          •
Property and construction                       •          •                                  •           •
Health and safety                   •           •                                  •                      •          •
Health, clinical and aged care      •           •          •            •          •          •                      •
Digital and technology              •                                   •
Human resources                     •           •                       •                     •                      •
Strategy                            •           •          •            •          •          •           •          •




The board’s responsibilities                                     On appointment to the board by the shareholders,
                                                                 new directors sign a written agreement that covers the
The primary responsibilities of the board are to:
                                                                 terms of their appointment.
•   ensure the company’s goals are clearly
                                                                 Every year, the board and sub-committees critically
    established and that strategies are in place
                                                                 evaluate their own performance, and their own
    for achieving them
                                                                 processes and procedures. Through this process,
•   establish policies for strengthening the                     the board identifies any training opportunities for
    performance of the company and ensure                        individual directors to ensure they have relevant and
    that management is proactively seeking to                    up-to-date skills for performing their role.
    build the business
                                                                 Under the Listing Rules every director must stand for
•   monitor the performance of management
                                                                 re-election on the later of 3 years and the third annual
•   appoint the chief executive and set the terms of             meeting after their appointment. These directors may
    the chief executive’s employment agreement                   offer themselves for re-election.
•   decide on what steps are needed to protect the
                                                                 The Governance, Remuneration and Nominations
    company’s financial position and its ability to meet
                                                                 Committee undertakes the process for nominating
    its debts and other obligations when they fall due,
                                                                 and appointing directors on behalf of the board, and
    and ensure that such steps are taken
                                                                 makes appropriate recommendations to the board.
•   ensure the company’s financial statements are
    true and fair and conform with the law                       The committee’s terms of reference include the
                                                                 process for nominating and appointing directors.
•   ensure the company adheres to high standards
    of ethics and corporate behaviour
                                                                 Independent professional advice
•   ensure the company adheres to its health and
    safety obligations and commitments                           With the prior approval of the chair, each director
                                                                 has the right to seek independent legal and other
•   ensure the company has appropriate risk
                                                                 professional advice at the company’s expense
    management/regulatory compliance policies
                                                                 about any aspect of the company’s operations or
    in place.
                                                                 undertakings to assist in fulfilling their duties and
                                                                 responsibilities as directors.




                                                           102
                                               ANNUAL REP ORT 20 20




Statement of corporate governance (continued)



Diversity                                                          Each committee operates under specific
                                                                   terms of reference approved by the board. Any
The board and management ensure that all eligible
                                                                   recommendations they make are recommendations
people get an equal opportunity to demonstrate that
                                                                   to the board.
they have the right skills and experience for a particular
role, which forms the basis of our diversity policy.               The terms of reference for each committee are
                                                                   reviewed annually.
Ryman embraces the uniqueness in all of our people
and welcomes diversity. We encourage all of our
                                                                   Audit and Financial Risk Committee
employees to listen to each other and to our residents
and their families, and to work to meet the needs of               The objective of the Audit and Financial Risk
individual people.                                                 Committee (AFRC) is to assist the board in discharging
                                                                   its responsibilities for financial reporting, and risk and
Our approach to diversity is to continually develop a
                                                                   financial/secretarial compliance.
work environment that supports equality and inclusion,
regardless of difference.                                          The committee makes recommendations to the board
                                                                   on appointing external auditors to ensure that they are
The board sets measurable objectives for assessing
                                                                   independent and to ensure that the company provides
performance against Ryman’s diversity policy
                                                                   for 5-yearly rotation of the lead audit partner.
(including achieving gender diversity) and assesses
progress annually. The board ensures Ryman’s                       The committee provides a forum for the effective
objectives are appropriate for promoting diversity                 communication between the board and external
and inclusion.                                                     auditors. The committee’s responsibilities include:

Through this policy, we have achieved the following                •   reviewing the appointment of the external
gender diversity.                                                      auditor, the annual audit plan, and addressing any
                                                                       recommendations from the audit
•   Of the eight directors, three are women and five
    are men (2019: two women and five men).                        •   reviewing any dividend proposals and financial
                                                                       information to be issued to the public
•   Of the seven members of the senior executive team,
    three are women and four are men (2019: three                  •   ensuring that appropriate financial systems and
    women and four men). The senior executive team                     internal controls are in place.
    includes the chief executive and his direct reports.           The AFRC must consist of at least three directors,
•   Of the 434 Ryman leaders, 291 are women and                    who must wherever possible be independent
    143 are men (2019: 423 Ryman leaders, 286 women                non-executive directors. The board chair must also
    and 137 men).                                                  not be the chair of the AFRC. The current members
                                                                   are Claire Higgins (chair), Geoff Cumming, Dr David
PRINCIPLE 3 – BOARD COMMIT TEES                                    Kerr, Warren Bell, and George Savvides. Dr David
                                                                   Kerr, Claire Higgins, and George Savvides are all
“The board should use committees where this
                                                                   independent non-executive directors. Claire Higgins is
will enhance its effectiveness in key areas, while
                                                                   a Fellow of CPA Australia and Warren Bell is a member
still retaining board responsibility.”
                                                                   of Chartered Accountants Australia New Zealand.
                                                                   The committee generally invites the chief executive,
Board committees
                                                                   chief financial officer, and the external auditor to
The board has five standing committees: Audit and                  attend AFRC meetings as appropriate. The committee
Financial Risk; Health, Safety and Wellbeing; Clinical             also meets and receives regular reports from the
Governance; Development and Construction; and                      external auditor without management present,
Governance, Remuneration and Nominations.                          concerning any matters that arise in connection with
A separate Independent Directors’ Committee meets                  the performance of the auditor’s role.
as needed.


                                                             103
                                              RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Statement of corporate governance (continued)



Health, Safety and Wellbeing Committee                           The committee’s responsibilities are to:
The Health, Safety and Wellbeing Committee                       •   liaise with internal and external clinical auditors
assists the board in discharging its responsibilities            •   review internal and external clinical audit findings
in overseeing and reviewing health, safety and
                                                                 •   review significant changes to clinical policies
wellbeing matters arising out of Ryman’s activities and
                                                                 •   review significant complaints and investigations
the impact of these activities on staff, contractors,
                                                                     relating to care of residents
residents, and visitors to Ryman.
                                                                 •   ensure appropriate clinical information systems
The committee recognises the critical role health,
                                                                     and external controls are in place
safety and wellbeing forms as part of its day-to-day
                                                                 •   review changes in clinical practice in aged care.
operations and wants to ensure a safety-first culture
across all business operations.                                  The committee maintains direct lines of communication
                                                                 with the external clinical auditors, the chief executive, the
The members of the committee are Claire Higgins (chair),
                                                                 chief operations officer, and the internal clinical auditor.
Dr David Kerr, Jo Appleyard, Gordon MacLeod (Chief
Executive) and David Bennett (Chief Financial Officer).          External clinical auditors are invited to attend a
                                                                 meeting each year and report to the committee,
The committee’s responsibilities include:
                                                                 including presenting a review of the internal clinical
•   considering and approving health, safety and                 audit function.
    wellbeing strategies, policies, and procedures
•   setting health, safety and wellbeing indicators in           Development and Construction Committee
    consultation with management                                 The Development and Construction Committee
•   ensuring the board and directors are properly                reviews and enhances the quality of the company’s
    and regularly informed on matters relating                   development and construction performance.
    to health, safety and wellbeing governance,
                                                                 The committee assists the board in discharging
    performance, and compliance
                                                                 its oversight of the company’s development and
•   conducting regular assessments and audits of the             construction activities and practices.
    risk profile and control processes.
                                                                 The committee consists of four non-executive
Clinical Governance Committee                                    directors: Anthony Leighs (chair), Jo Appleyard,
                                                                 Warren Bell, and Claire Higgins.
The Clinical Governance Committee supports,
and enhances the quality of, the company’s clinical              The committee’s responsibilities include:
performance and care and service provision.                      •   ensuring the consent and construction
The committee assists the board in discharging its                   programme assists in delivering the company’s
oversight of clinical reporting and clinical compliance              long-term plan
and is focused on innovation in healthcare and ensuring          •   investigating new innovative construction
alignment with emerging best clinical practice.                      and design methods to improve resident and
                                                                     staff experiences
The committee consists of three non-executive
directors: George Savvides (chair), Dr David Kerr, and           •   reviewing New Zealand and Victoria cost
Jo Appleyard, as well as Tim Wilkinson, a professor at               trends, buildability, availability of resources and
Otago Medical School and a consulting geriatrician,                  compliance with regulatory and quality protocols
and Dr Doug Wilson, an author and biotechnologist.               •   reviewing site feasibilities and due diligence
                                                                     outcomes to provide confirmation of review to
                                                                     the board




                                                           104
                                              ANNUAL REP ORT 20 20




Statement of corporate governance (continued)


•   reviewing systems and procedures supporting the              Independent Directors’ Committee
    design, consent and building process.
                                                                 The Independent Directors’ Committee is convened
The committee maintains direct lines of                          as needed and consists of independent non-executive
communication with the chief executive, the chief                directors who address significant conflicts of interest
financial officer, the chief development officer and the         and any other matters referred by the board.
chief construction officer.
                                                                 Ryman has protocols that set out the procedures to be
                                                                 followed if there is a takeover offer. These procedures
Governance, Remuneration and
                                                                 are set out in the Takeover Response Protocols that
Nominations Committee
                                                                 have been adopted by the board.
The Governance, Remuneration and Nominations
Committee assists the board in establishing                      Attendance at board and committee meetings
remuneration policies and practices for the company
                                                                 Director attendance at board and committee meetings
in discharging the board’s responsibilities for
                                                                 is shown in the table below.
remuneration. The committee also undertakes the
process for nominating and appointing directors                  The following table details the attendance at the
on behalf of the board, and makes appropriate                    meetings outlined in the board and committee meeting
recommendations to the board.                                    plan for the year ended 31 March 2020. Board meetings
                                                                 consist of a number of meetings held over multiple days.
The committee’s terms of reference include the
process for nominating and appointing directors.                 In addition to the scheduled meetings, the board
                                                                 and Clinical Governance Committee held additional
Membership of the committee must comprise
                                                                 meetings to consider the impact of and the response
non-executive directors, a majority of whom must
                                                                 to COVID-19. Wherever possible all members of the
be independent. The committee consists of three
                                                                 board and committee were in attendance at these
non-executive directors: Geoff Cumming (chair),
                                                                 additional meetings. However, due to the pace at which
Dr David Kerr and George Savvides.
                                                                 the response to COVID-19 evolved and the necessarily
Management attends committee meetings only at the                short notice given for some meetings, not all members
invitation of the committee.                                     were available to attend every meeting. The board held
                                                                 an additional meeting and the Clinical Governance
The committee’s objectives are to:
                                                                 Committee held an additional two meetings in the year
•   assist the board in establishing remuneration                ended 31 March 2020. As the response to COVID-19
    policies and practices for the company                       progressed, further board and committee meetings
•   assist in discharging the board’s responsibilities           were held following 31 March 2020.
    for reviewing the chief executive’s and the
    directors’ remuneration
•   advise and assist the chief executive in setting
    remuneration for the senior executive team
•   regularly review and recommend changes
    to the composition of the board and identify
    and recommend individuals for nomination as
    members of the board and its committees.
The directors’ remuneration is set out in the
Directors’ disclosures section of this report. Detail
of the chief executive’s remuneration is set out under
Principle 5 below.




                                                           105
                                                    RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Statement of corporate governance (continued)



Attendance at board and committee meetings
                                     Board         Audit and      Health,         Clinical       Development and      Governance,
                                                   Financial     Safety and     Governance         Construction     Remuneration and
                                                     Risk        Wellbeing                                            Nominations
Number of meetings held                 6              3               3               3                 5                   3
Dr David Kerr                      6/6 (chair)        3/3           3/3               3/3                                   3/3
Jo Appleyard                           6/6                          3/3               3/3               5/5
Warren Bell                            6/6        3/3 (chair)1                                          5/5
Claire Higgins                         6/6        3/3 (chair)1   3/3 (chair)                           4/5
George Savvides                        6/6            3/3                          3/3 (chair)                              3/3
Geoff Cumming                          6/6            3/3                                                               3/3 (chair)
Anthony Leighs                         6/6                                                          5/5 (chair)
Paula Jeffs2                           2/2

The Independent Directors’ Committee did not meet during the year.
1 	Claire Higgins was appointed chair of the Audit and Financial Risk Committee on 2 December 2019. Prior to this date Warren Bell
    was chair of the committee.
2 	Paula Jeffs was appointed to the board on 19 November 2019. In the period to 31 March 2020 she was not a member of any board
    committees.


Summary of committee memberships

Committee                                    Members at 31 March 2019                       Members at 31 March 2020
Audit and Financial Risk                     Warren Bell (chair), Dr David Kerr,            Claire Higgins (chair), Dr David Kerr,
                                             Claire Higgins, George Savvides,               Warren Bell, George Savvides,
                                             Geoff Cumming                                  Geoff Cumming
Health, Safety and Wellbeing                 Claire Higgins (chair), Dr David Kerr,         Claire Higgins (chair), Dr David Kerr,
(previously Health and Safety)               Jo Appleyard                                   Jo Appleyard, Gordon MacLeod (Chief
                                                                                            Executive), David Bennett (Chief
                                                                                            Financial Officer)
Clinical Governance                          George Savvides (chair), Dr David Kerr,        George Savvides (chair), Dr David Kerr,
                                             Jo Appleyard                                   Jo Appleyard
Development and Construction                 Anthony Leighs (chair), Jo Appleyard,          Anthony Leighs (chair), Jo Appleyard,
                                             Warren Bell, Claire Higgins                    Warren Bell, Claire Higgins
Governance, Remuneration and                 Geoff Cumming (chair), Dr David Kerr,          Geoff Cumming (chair), Dr David Kerr,
Nominations                                  George Savvides                                George Savvides




                                                                 106
                                             ANNUAL REP ORT 20 20




Statement of corporate governance (continued)


PRINCIPLE 4 – REP ORTING AND                                     terms of reference. The committee does not have the
DISCLOSURE                                                       authority to make decisions on behalf of the board.
“The board should demand integrity in financial                  The committee is also responsible for making
and non-financial reporting, and in the timeliness               recommendations to the board on the remuneration of
and balance of corporate disclosures.”                           the chief executive.
                                                                 The total director remuneration pool is approved by
Reporting and disclosure                                         shareholders at the annual general meeting (AGM) as
                                                                 required under the Listing Rules.
The board focuses on providing accurate, adequate,
and timely information both to existing shareholders             The board is responsible for the setting of individual
and to the market generally. This enables all investors          directors’ fees in line with the approved pool and the
to make informed decisions about the company.                    Listing Rules.
Ryman, as a company listed on the NZX Main Board,                Details of the directors’ remuneration for the year are
has an obligation to comply with the disclosure                  in the Directors’ disclosures section of this report.
requirements under the NZX Main Board Listing Rules.
                                                                 Ryman has in place a remuneration policy that
Ryman recognises that these requirements aim to
                                                                 outlines the key principles that influence Ryman’s
provide equal access for all investors or potential
                                                                 remuneration practices.
investors to material price-sensitive information
concerning issuers or their financial products. This in          The remuneration of the chief executive and the senior
turn promotes confidence in the market.                          executive team is determined by the significance of their
                                                                 role and the industry. The total remuneration is made
Ryman’s market disclosure policy outlines the
                                                                 up of fixed remuneration and short-term cash-based
obligations of Ryman and relevant Ryman personnel
                                                                 incentives. The chief executive and senior executive
in satisfying the disclosure requirements. It also
                                                                 team are also members of the senior leadership share
covers other related matters including external
                                                                 scheme (see note 25 of the financial statements).
communications by Ryman.
                                                                 The short-term incentives are at-risk payments
This annual report is produced using the principles
                                                                 that reward performance. They are designed to
of Integrated Reporting <IR>. An integrated report
                                                                 motivate and incentivise senior staff in the delivery
provides more information on the company’s business
                                                                 of performance over a 1-year operating cycle. The
model and how we create value over time. As a result,
                                                                 amount payable is set annually. The payment of the
an annual report produced under the <IR> framework
                                                                 short-term incentive depends on achieving certain
will have a broader narrative than an annual report that
                                                                 results and outcomes. Performance over the financial
does not use the framework.
                                                                 year is measured against ‘stretch’ performance
Ryman publishes its key governance and other                     targets. The performance metrics differ with each role.
relevant documents in the investor centre of the
                                                                 Every year, the committee reviews the levels and
company’s website at www.rymanhealthcare.co.nz/
                                                                 appropriateness of these incentives and weighting.
about-us/investors/governance.
                                                                 There are no long-term incentives for the senior
All significant announcements made to the NZX and
                                                                 executive team that are subject to performance risk.
reports issued are also posted on the company’s website.
                                                                 The senior leadership share scheme provides
PRINCIPLE 5 – REMUNERATION                                       certain employees with limited recourse loans on
                                                                 an interest-free basis to support the employees’
“The remuneration of directors and executives
                                                                 participation in the scheme.
should be transparent, fair and reasonable.”
                                                                 For accounting purposes, these shares are treated as
The Governance, Remuneration and Nominations                     treasury stock when purchased on market, due to the
Committee makes recommendations to the board on                  features of the scheme.
remuneration matters in keeping with the committee’s

                                                           107
                                             RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Statement of corporate governance (continued)


Shares subject to this scheme have a restricted                     Chief executive remuneration
period of 3 years from the date of purchase, to
                                                                    Gordon MacLeod’s remuneration for the year is as follows.
appropriately incentivise participants over a longer
period. The loan is repayable if the employee is no                                                            2020            2019
longer employed by Ryman.                                                                                          $             $
                                                                    Salary                                  1,097,127      992,964
Employees’ remuneration                                             KiwiSaver                                 39,514         35,789
The table below details the number of Ryman group                   Subtotal                                1,136,641     1,028,753
employees who have earned over $100,000 during                      Short-term incentive                   220,000         200,000
the year ended 31 March 2020. The remuneration                      Total remuneration*                   1,356,641      1,228,753
includes salary, short-term incentives, and employer’s              Loan provided under the
                                                                                                          1,200,000      1,000,000
contribution to KiwiSaver and Superannuation.                       leadership share scheme

Remuneration $                      Number of employees
                                                                    * There were no other benefits (including long-term incentives)
1,350,000–1,360,000                                       1         received in this financial year.
790,000–800,000                                           1
660,000–670,000                                           1
                                                                    The at-risk short-term incentive is payable on the
                                                                    achievement of certain key performance indicators
570,000–580,000                                           1
                                                                    (KPIs). These KPIs are focused on the financial
500,000–510,000                                           1
                                                                    performance of Ryman, specific operational targets,
470,000–480,000                                           1
                                                                    and people-related expectations.
450,000–460,000                                           1
400,000–410,000                                           1         At 31 March 2020, the total number of shares owned
320,000–330,000                                           1
                                                                    by and/or held for the benefit of the chief executive
                                                                    totalled 660,963 (2019: 621,555). For these shares,
300,000–310,000                                           1
                                                                    loans totalling $3,136,317 (2019: $2,648,036) are
290,000–300,000                                           1
                                                                    outstanding.
280,000–290,000                                         2
270,000–280,000                                         3           PRINCIPLE 6 – RISK MANAGEMENT
260,000–270,000                                           1
                                                                    “Directors should have a sound understanding of
250,000–260,000                                         2
                                                                    the material risks faced by the issuer and how to
240,000–250,000                                         2
                                                                    manage them. The board should regularly verify
230,000–240,000                                         5
                                                                    that the issuer has appropriate processes that
220,000–230,000                                         4
                                                                    identify and manage potential and material risks.”
210,000–220,000                                         9
200,000–210,000                                         2           The board is responsible for overseeing the company’s
190,000–200,000                                         7           system of internal controls to manage key risks and
180,000–190,000                                        14           have overall responsibility for managing risk.
170,000–180,000                                        12           The company maintains a group risk register to
160,000–170,000                                         7           identify and manage risk. Specific health, safety and
150,000–160,000                                        17           wellbeing, and clinical risk registers are separately
140,000–150,000                                        26           maintained given the significance of these areas to the
130,000–140,000                                        30           business. The senior executive team is responsible for
120,000–130,000                                        43           maintaining the risk registers.
110,000–120,000                                        56           Ryman operates an extensive internal accreditation
100,000–110,000                                        77           programme that addresses issues such as
                                                                    service delivery, health, safety and wellbeing, and


                                                              108
                                               ANNUAL REP ORT 20 20




Statement of corporate governance (continued)


administration. Internal audits are undertaken                    PRINCIPLE 8 – SHAREHOLDER RIGHTS
regularly. The results of these audits and critical               AND RELATIONS
indicators are regularly reported to the board.
                                                                  “The board should respect the rights of
Through the AFRC, the board considers the                         shareholders and foster constructive
recommendations and advice of external auditors, and              relationships with shareholders that encourage
ensures that those recommendations are investigated               them to engage with the issuer.”
and, where considered necessary, appropriate action
is taken.
                                                                  Information for shareholders
Through the board committee, health, safety and
                                                                  The company seeks to ensure that investors understand
wellbeing is discussed regularly at board, senior
                                                                  its activities by communicating effectively with them and
executive team, construction team, and operational
                                                                  providing access to clear and balanced information.
team meetings. Regular reporting of key metrics is
prepared to assist these teams in managing health,                The company website rymanhealthcare.co.nz provides
safety and wellbeing risks. Further information is in the         an overview of the business and information about
health, safety and wellbeing section of this report.              Ryman. This information includes details of operational
                                                                  sites, latest news, investor information, key corporate
PRINCIPLE 7 – AUDITORS                                            governance information, and copies of significant NZX
                                                                  announcements. The website also provides profiles of
“The board should ensure the quality and
                                                                  the directors and the senior executive team.
independence of the external audit process.”
                                                                  Previous annual reports, financial statements, and
The Audit and Financial Risk Committee makes                      results presentations are available on the website.
recommendations to the board on the appointment
                                                                  Shareholders have the right to vote on major decisions
of the external auditor as set out in the terms
                                                                  of the company in line with the requirements set out in
of reference. The committee also monitors the
                                                                  the Companies Act 1993 and the Listing Rules.
independence and effectiveness of the external
auditor and reviews and approves any non-audit                    Communicating with shareholders
services performed by the external auditor.
                                                                  Ryman has a dedicated investor relations manager
The committee regularly meets with the external                   and corporate affairs manager. These two roles allow
auditor to approve the terms of engagement, audit                 us to develop strong relationships and ensure our
partner rotation (at least every 5 years) and audit fee,          shareholders are kept informed.
and to review and provide feedback on the annual
audit plan. Every year, a comprehensive review                    Ryman’s investor centre sets out the investor relations
and formal assessment of the independence and                     manager’s and corporate affairs manager’s contact
effectiveness of the external auditor is undertaken.              details for communications from shareholders.
The assessment uses an external auditors’                         We send the notice of the AGM to shareholders and
assessment tool, which is internationally recognised              publish it on the company website at least 20 working
and endorsed by the Independent Directors Council.                days before the meeting each year.
The ARFC routinely has time with Ryman’s external
auditor, Deloitte, without management present.                    Voting by shareholders
Deloitte attends the company’s AGM.
                                                                  Voting on all resolutions at Ryman’s shareholder
The company continually monitors its internal                     meetings is conducted by poll. This means that Ryman
control environment. Clinical auditors and health,                shareholders enjoy one share, one vote (subject to any
safety and wellbeing officers regularly test and                  voting restrictions applying under the Listing Rules).
assess controls and report their findings to the
Clinical Governance Committee and the Health,
Safety and Wellbeing Committee.

                                                            109
                                                 RY MAN HEALT HCARE




General disclosures of interest
FO R THE YE AR END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 0



JO APPLEYARD                                                       CLAIRE HIGGINS
Partner         Chapman Tripp^                                     Chair             REI Superannuation Fund Pty Ltd
Member          NZX Disciplinary Committee                         Director          GMHBA Limited and subsidiaries
Member          University of Canterbury Vice-Chancellor           Trustee           Helen Macpherson Smith Trust
                Employment Committee                               Acting chair      Pancare Foundation Inc*
                                                                   Director          Railway and Transport Health Fund Ltd*
WARREN BELL
                                                                   Director          Transport Health Pty Ltd*
Chair           Hallenstein Glasson Holdings Ltd Group
Chair           St George’s Hospital Inc                           PAULA JEFFS
Director        Meadow Mushrooms Group of Companies                (None)
Director        Cyprus Enterprises Limited
Director        Sabina Limited                                     DR DAVID KERR
Director        Bildeford Holdings Ltd                             Chair             EcoCentral Limited
Director        Warren Bell Ltd                                    Chair             Centercare Limited
Director        CHC Properties Limited                             Bare trustee      Ryman Healthcare Share Scheme
Director        Glasson Trustee Limited                                              (jointly with Warren Bell)
Director        152 Hereford Limited                               Director          Forté Health Limited
Director        Hickman Family Trustees Limited (part              Director          Ngāi Tahu Property
                shareholder of Airport Business Park               Director          Third Age Health Services Limited
                Christchurch Ltd)
Trustee         Emerald Trust (part shareholder of Airport         ANTHONY LEIGHS
                Business Park Christchurch Ltd)                    Managing          Leighs Construction Holdings Limited and
Trustee         Waiwetu Trust (part shareholder of Airport         Director          associated entities
                Business Park Christchurch Ltd)                    Director/         Alisanca Holdings and associated entities
Bare trustee    Ryman Healthcare Share Scheme                      Shareholder
                (jointly with Dr David Kerr)                       Director          Portus Property Limited and associated
Director/       Poraka Limited                                                       entities
Shareholder                                                        Director          Star Scaffolding Limited
Director        Craigpine Timber Limited*                          Director          Christ Church Cathedral Reinstatement
Director        Amalgamated Holdings Limited*                                        Limited
                                                                   Director          Labour Logistics Auckland Limited
GEOFFREY CUMMING
Chair, CEO      Karori Capital Limited                             GEORGE SAVVIDES
and sole                                                           Chair             Next Science Limited
shareholder                                                        Deputy chair      Special Broadcasting Service (SBS)
Shareholder, Various commercial property investment                                  Australia
lender and joint companies in the Caniwi Capital Partners          Director          IAG Insurance Australia Group
manager          Limited group of entities
                                                                   Director/         Teamflow Asset Management Pty Ltd
Advisory board Viewpoint Global Fund Trust                         Shareholder
member and
                                                                   Partner           CFMC Consulting Pty Ltd (Sodia)*
unit holder
Advisory board Cumming Medical Research Fund,
member and University of Calgary                                   * Resigned during the year.
sponsor                                                            ^ Jo has been a director since 2009 and since that time has
Director/       Amira Medical Technologies Inc                        performed no professional services for the company in her
Shareholder                                                           capacity as a partner at Chapman Tripp.




                                                             110
                                                   ANNUAL REP ORT 20 20




Directors’ disclosures
FO R THE YE A R END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 0



SHAREHOLDINGS AT 31 MARCH 2020

Director                           Relevant interest
                                                                          (1)	Held as trustees of The Appleyard and Larkin Family Trust.
Jo Appleyard                                  78,700          (1)
                                                                          (2) 	A substantial product holder (SPH) notice was lodged on
Warren Bell                                    1,500                           29 October 2019 showing the transfer of legal holding of 24,900,000
Geoffrey Cumming                          50,949,900         (2)               shares from New Zealand Central Securities Depository Limited to
                                                                               Geoffrey A Cumming.
Claire Higgins                                12,650         (3)
                                                                          (3) Held as trustees of Adam Higgins Superannuation Fund Pty Ltd.
Paula Jeffs                                         -
                                                                          (4) Shares held by DW & DJ Kerr and The DW Kerr Family Trust No.2.
Dr David Kerr                               348,000          (4)          (5) Shares held by Alisanca Holdings Limited.
Anthony Leighs                                10,000         (5)          (6) 	Shares held by Teamflow Asset Management Pty Ltd.
George Savvides                              54,030          (6)          (7) Paula Jeffs joined the board with effect from 19 November 2019.


DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION FOR THE YEAR

                                                                                        Governance,           Health,
                             Audit and         Clinical        Development            Remuneration         Safety and                       Total
                    Board     Financial    Governance       and Constructon         and Nominations         Wellbeing       Foreign     directors’
Director             fees    Risk chair          chair                chair                   chair             chair     exchange           fees
Jo Appleyard       110,500            -                 -                       -                      -              -             -      110,500
Warren Bell        110,500      18,000                  -                       -                      -              -             -     128,500
Geoffrey
Cumming            110,500            -                 -                       -                      -              -             -      110,500
Claire Higgins     110,500            -                 -                       -                      -       18,000          7,751        136,251
Paula Jeffs (7)    36,833             -                 -                       -                      -              -        1,851        38,684
Dr David Kerr     222,000             -                 -                       -                      -              -             -    222,000
Anthony Leighs     110,500            -                 -                 18,000                       -              -             -     128,500
George
Savvides           110,500            -         18,000                          -                      -              -        7,751        136,251
                  921,833      18,000          18,000                 18,000                           -      18,000         17,353      1,011,186


DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION P O OL
Directors’ fees are reviewed every two years. Fees currently paid to Ryman directors for their board and board
committee responsibilities are paid out of a pool. The pool was set at the amount approved by shareholders
in 2018 ($985,000 based on a board of seven directors). As permitted by Listing Rule 2.11.3 the pool can be
increased by the board to enable any additional non-executive director to be paid the average amount being paid
to the other non-executive directors (excluding the chair). Paula Jeffs became the eighth Ryman director with
effect from 19 November 2019, and the board has utilised Listing Rule 2.11.3 to enable Paula to be paid directors’
fees since that time. Australia-based directors’ fees are paid in Australian dollars (AUD).

MEMBERSHIP OF COMMIT TEES
Directors do not receive additional fees for membership of committees. Additional fees are paid to directors who
act as the chair of a committee. During the year Warren Bell, George Savvides, Claire Higgins, Anthony Leighs and
Geoff Cumming held committee chair positions. The chair of the Governance, Remuneration and Nominations
Committee does not receive any additional fees.




                                                                    111
                                                       RY MAN HEALT HCARE




DIRECTORS OF SUB SIDIARY COMPANIES
Dr David Kerr, Warren Bell, Gordon MacLeod and David Bennett are directors of all the company’s New Zealand
subsidiaries. Claire Higgins, George Savvides, Gordon MacLeod and David Bennett are directors of Ryman
Healthcare (Australia) Pty Ltd and its subsidiaries. No fees are paid to individuals in their capacity as directors of
the subsidiaries.

SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES
In line with the company’s constitution and the Companies Act 1993, the company has provided insurance for, and
indemnities to, directors of the company and its subsidiaries.

SHARE TRANSACTIONS DURING THE YEAR

                                                            Number of shares
Director                          Nature of interest      acquired/(disposed)         Consideration ($)      Date
Geoffrey Cumming*                 Beneficial                           300,000              3,489,000        27 June 2019
Geoffrey Cumming*                 Beneficial                          (300,000)            (3,489,000)       27 June 2019
Warren Bell                       Beneficial                            (3,500)                (47,280)      14 August 2019
Geoffrey Cumming**                Beneficial                           300,000              3,906,000        2 September 2019
Geoffrey Cumming**                Beneficial                          (300,000)            (3,906,000)       2 September 2019
Anthony Leighs                    Beneficial                            10,000                 143,799       28 November 2019
Geoffrey Cumming**                Beneficial                           350,000               4,977,000       29 November 2019
Geoffrey Cumming**                Beneficial                          (350,000)            (4,977,000)       29 November 2019
Dr David Kerr                     Beneficial                             5,000                   71,538      3 December 2019
Geoffrey Cumming**                Beneficial                           300,000               4,770,000       18 December 2019
Geoffrey Cumming**                Beneficial                          (300,000)            (4,770,000)       18 December 2019

*	Geoffrey Cumming made an off-market charitable donation of shares to the Centre for Affordable Water and Sanitation
   Technology. He then made an off-market purchase of shares for the same value.
** 	Geoffrey Cumming made an off-market charitable donation of shares to the University of Calgary. He then made an off-market
     purchase of shares for the same value.


Dr David Kerr and Warren Bell, as joint custodians of the Ryman Healthcare Leadership Share Purchase Scheme,
acquired 1,026,708 shares during the year, disposed of 892,736 shares during the year, and held 2,711,244 shares in
total at 31 March 2020 (see note 25 of the financial statements).




                                                                112
                                                         ANNUAL REP ORT 20 20




Shareholder information
TOP 20 SHAREHOLDERS AT 4 JUNE 2020

Rank      Investor name                                                                         No. of shares                    % Issued capital
1         JPMorgan Chase Bank        1
                                                                                                 77,982,553                                  15.60
2         HSBC Nominees (New Zealand) Limited            1
                                                                                                65,540,566                                    13.11
3         Geoffrey A Cumming                                                                    50,949,900                                    10.19
4         Hickman Family Trustees Limited 2                                                     35,000,000                                    7.00
5         HSBC Nominees (New Zealand) Limited            1
                                                                                                32,260,900                                    6.45
6         Citibank Nominees (NZ) Ltd 1                                                           30,757,429                                   6.15
7         Forsyth Barr Custodians Ltd                                                             11,143,005                                  2.23
8         Tea Custodians Limited 1                                                                9,274,594                                   1.85
9         Accident Compensation Corporation          1
                                                                                                   8,483,145                                  1.70
10        Custodial Services Limited                                                                7,782,177                                 1.56
11        Ngāi Tahu Capital Limited                                                               6,464,516                                   1.29
12        Custodial Services Limited                                                              6,334,400                                    1.27
13        New Zealand Superannuation Fund Nominees Limited                   1
                                                                                                   5,625,819                                   1.13
14        FNZ Custodians Limited                                                                   5,154,324                                  1.03
15        BNP Paribas Nominees NZ Limited 1                                                       5,092,878                                   1.02
16        Premier Nominees Limited 1                                                               5,075,710                                  1.02
17        National Nominees New Zealand Limited              1
                                                                                                  4,276,855                                   0.86
18        Cogent Nominees Limited            1
                                                                                                  3,969,725                                   0.79
19        BNP Paribas Nominees NZ Limited 1                                                       3,942,056                                   0.79
20        Custodial Services Limited                                                               3,471,630                                  0.69

1 Held by New Zealand Central Securities Depository Ltd as custodian.
2 Held as trustee of the Hickman Family Trust.

DISTRIBUTION OF SHAREHOLDERS AT 4 JUNE 2020

Size of shareholding                                             Number of shareholders                                       Shares held
1–1,000                                                  5,996                    39.35%                        3,052,090                    0.61%
1,001–5,000                                                  6,165                40.46%                        16,047,391                   3.21%
5,001–10,000                                                     1,617             10.61%                       12,293,800                  2.46%
10,001–50,000                                                1,220                 8.01%                    25,282,083                      5.06%
50,001–100,000                                                    120              0.79%                         8,218,025                   1.64%
Greater than 100,000                                              119              0.78%                        435,106,611                 87.02%
Total                                                    15,237                  100.00%                 500,000,000                     100.00%


SUB STANTIAL PRODUCT HOLDERS AT 31 MARCH 2020

Shareholder                                                                                                          Relevant interest          %
Geoffrey Cumming                                                                                                         50,949,900         10.19%
Hickman Family Trustees Limited, Kevin James Hickman and Joanna Hickman, Warren Bell
                                         1                                                  2               3
                                                                                                                         35,000,000         7.00%

A total of 500,000,000 ordinary Ryman shares were on issue as at 31 March 2020 (the only voting products on issue).		
1	Held as trustee of the Hickman Family Trust.
2 	Joint holders of 100 percent of the shares in, and directors of, Hickman Family Trustees Limited, and beneficiaries of The Hickman
    Family Trust.
3 	As a director of Hickman Family Trustees Limited, and has control over the exercise of a right to vote attached to the shares as the
    sole independent director of Hickman Family Trustees Limited (alongside the other directors of Hickman Family Trustees Limited).


                                                                          113
                                                                                     RY MAN HEALT HCARE




We would like to thank all
Rymanians who contribute
so much each day
Aakarsha Nair · Aakash Patel · Aakriti Gupta · Aarju Karki · Aaron Brown · Aaron Edwards · Aaron                   · Api Lacanivalu · Apple Ladia · Apple Uy · Aprelle Aldaya · April Deraja · April Lacson · April Ladia ·
Enriquez · Aaron Essenberg · Aaron Eyles · Aashu Baskota · Abbe King · Abbey Santos · Abbey                        April Mahuika · April Morillo · April Nino · Arahia Wilson · Argie Forteza · Argielyn Sanchez · Ari
Thompson · Abby Allen · Abby Burd · Abby Fannin · Abby Fernandez · Abby Thornton · Abdul                           Candy · Ariana Guerin · Ariane De La Peria · Aribo Timaai · Arieta Anderson · Arieta Bebenisala ·
Zolfaghari · Abhishek Kochar · Abhishek Vashisht · Abhishiek Pacher · Abigael Bagaygay · Abigail                   Arieta Faalau · Aris Seva · Arjun George · Arlen Evangelista · Arlene Nolasco · Arlene Pinote · Arlene
Gacutan · Abigail Webb · Abigail Gumban · Able Mathew · Abraham Nolasco · Ace Somosot ·                            Rodgers · Arlene Sarmiento · Arlene Simadari · Arlet Anastasia · Arlyn Shyman · Arma Dacyon ·
Achaal Prakash · Adalia Campbell · Adam Allan · Adam Birss · Adam Joyce · Adam Young · Adeah                       Armie Estevez · Armie Magcale · Aroha Ngatuere · Arpana Khadka · Arraminda Ariate · Arthur
Marandang · Adele Wood · Adeline Plamenco · Adheesha Perera · Adi Cuizon · Adi Sakiti · Adnan                      Keane · Arti Devi · Arti Devi · Arti Karan · Arti Patel · Arti Prakash · Artika Lata · Artika Naidu · Arun
Mahamud · Adore Davis · Adrian Wiggill · Adriana Draganidis · Adrianna Pavlekovic · Adrienne                       James · Aruna Prakash · Aruna Reddy · Aruna Wickramanayake · Arvin Singh · Arvin Treebhowan
Marsh · Adrienne Sincock · Adrienne Todd · Aez Pega · Afroz Arif · Aga Gonzales · Aggie Butler ·                   · Asa Porter · Asafe Di Carlos · Ash Devi · Ash Devi · Ash Prasad · Asha David · Asha John · Asha
Agitha Joseph · Agnes Cuanan · Agnes Lakner · Agnes Wallace · Agnieske Keenan · Agustine                           Kiran · Asha Mariyarasa · Asharif Rahman · Asher Holmes · Ashika Chand · Ashika Mandri · Ashika
Affandi · Ahmad Fouad · Aida Bujang · Aida Cachuela · Aik Eng · Aiko Gumban · Ailean Cook · Aileen                 Singh · Ashishni Goundar · Ashlee Thompson · Ashleigh Cunningham · Ashleigh Dixon · Ashley
Bagtang · Aileen Wild · Ailen Gaw · Ailen Luste · Aimee Bell · Aimee Halliday · Aimee Laguador ·                   Gray · Ashley Quensell · Ashley Vincent · Ashley Willis · Ashly Paulson · Ashly Varghese · Ashmita
Aimee McKendry · Aimee Trotter · Aimee Verran · Aimee Wright · Aimi Tsunekawa · Ainslee                            Gurung · Ashmita Lata · Ashnee Prakash · Ashupreet Kaur · Ashvin Mendonca · Ashween Singh ·
Buchanan · AJ Lasaca · Ajay Gautam · Ajay Philip · Ajo Jose · Aka Raveti · Akhila Antony · Aklima                  Ashwina Ashwina · Ashwindar Kaur · Ashwini Naicker · Asmita Bhandari · Asmita Hirachan
Akter · Al Lim · Al Fleming · Aladina Durian · Alan Trusler · Alan Wood · Alana Bagley · Alana                     · Asset Galeno · Asti Suliastari · Aswathy Padmanabhan · Aswathy Sreedas · Aswathy
Sanderson · Alana Watson · Alanah French · Alannah Smith · Alastair Joyce · Alastair Ryall · Albie                 Thulaseedharansheela · Atani Chwa · Atawhai Reweti · Atelaite Buakula · Ateliana Ah Kuoi · Athena
Calope · Aldrin George · Alefina Baleisuva · Alem Atsbeha · Alena McCulloch · Alena McKenzie ·                     Tangonan · Athulya Jestin · Athulya Thankappan · Aubrey Uri · Audrey Filgate-Davis · Audrey
Aletta Beneke · Alex Beenen · Alex Brasic · Alex Cagalitan · Alex Carter · Alex Fausett · Alex Lopez               Koloamatangi · Audrey Moffett · Augustine Akkara · Augustine Taliauli · Aurora Catu · Aurora Orogo
· Alex McNeillie · Alex Naikatini · Alex Phelps · Alex Pope · Alexis Popovic · Algine Ingking · Ali Amin           · Ava McFadgen · Avrill Burchell · Awanui Tangiia · Awhina White · Axl Funtila · Ayesha Bashir ·
· Alice Han · Alice Jones · Alice Kim · Alice McDuff · Alice Stevens · Alice Tao · Alice Twigley · Alice           Ayteya Lopez · Ayu Hardy · Azaliah Rogers · Azaria Taylor · Azeeza Arif · Azel Ramos · Ba Sigola ·
Vargas · Alicia Prima · Alina Jose · Alina George · Alisha Aliperio · Alisi Vuluma · Alison Kelly · Alison         Babita Baluri · Bailey Coombs · Bailey Schofield · Bailey Trotter · Baljeet Kaur · Baljinder Kaur · Baljit
Naylor · Alison Westoby · Alison Winstanley · Alister Safaei · Alix Fabi · Aljie Famulagan · Alka                  Kaur · Balpreet Kaur · Bano Tasheem · Barbara Barker · Barbara Fay · Barbara Federico · Barbara
Thakur · Allan Brown · Allan Dempsey · Allan Macala · Allan Taylor · Allison Murphy · Alma Azarcon                 Kirk · Barbara Large · Barbara Todd · Barbara Turnbull · Barbara Van Wyk · Barbie Bickerton · Barry
· Alma Cagalitan · Alma Eparaima · Alma Ramirez · Alma Sicat · Alofa Schuster · Aloha Starr · Alpha                Ria · Barsha Timalsina · Bawi Siar Ling · Bea Davis · Bea Castor · Beata Buchajczyk · Beate Smirek
Gordon · Alpho George · Alphonsa George · Alphy Thomas · Alun Dodd · Alvin Ylaran · Alwyn Edlin                    · Beatrice Salera · Beau Moke · Beauty Chua · Bebien Montecillo · Bec Boyd · Becca Fafeita · Becca
· Aly McLean · Aly Procter · Aly Rebuyon · Alyse Hurley · Alysha Russell · Alyssa Jerusalem · Alyssa               Thomas · Beck Little · Beck Wilkins · Becki Hyde · Beckie Goodhead · Becks Dell · Becks Lash ·
Veart · Amala Thomas · Aman Kaur · Aman Kaur · Aman Kaur · Aman Kaur · Amanda Beauchamp ·                          Becky Gillanders · Becky Moore · Becky Payne · Becs Thompson · Bedi Thapa · Bee Weiss · Belinda
Amanda Bell · Amanda Carter · Amanda Gilbert · Amanda Goudie · Amanda Knox · Amanda                                Bargh · Belinda Gonzales · Belinda Greenwood · Belinda Madriaga · Belinda Ycong · Bella Jabat ·
Loversidge · Amanda Malungahu · Amanda Naude · Amanda Page · Amanda Brocklebank ·                                  Ben Bowles · Ben Dass Shrestha · Ben Garner · Ben Hungerford-Morgan · Ben Jordan · Ben Miller ·
Amanda Faria · Amanda He · Amandeep Amandeep · Amandeep Kaur · Amanpreet Kaur · Amar                               Ben Munro · Ben Poothuran · Ben Reynolds · Ben Walshe · Benita Edwards · Benita Jessop · Benita
Dhaliwal · Amar Kaur · Amber Howard · Amber McKenzie-Takau · Amber-Lee Kelliher · Ambika                           Jonathan · Benita Kirkovits · Benita Prasad · Benjamin Cavanagh · Benson Mejorada · Benzon De
Kolanji · Ambily Abraham · Amelia Barnsdale · Amelia McMahon · Amelia Mercer · Amelia Ong ·                        Castro · Berbs Veloso · Bernadette Forsdyke · Bernadette Lerios · Bernadette Palmer · Bernadette
Amendra Samantilake · Amicee Miller · Amiel Ubarra · Amina Mohamed · Amit Patel · Amita Prasad                     Bancroft · Bernard Cagalawan · Bernard Nanai · Bernard Philpott · Bernie Pask · Beryl Ahie · Beryl
· Amita Vyas · Amith Sabu · Amrit Kaur · Amrit Kaur · Amrit Kaur · Amrita Raj · Amrita Rana · Amy                  Ryan · Beth Aseniero · Beth Capistrano · Beth Concepcion · Beth Gerbes · Beth Haryett · Beth
Amtman · Amy Bishara · Amy Carpenter · Amy Dean · Amy Gagasa · Amy Hema · Amy Irwin · Amy                          Kampen · Beth O’Donnell · Beth Po · Beth Reaney · Bethany Douglas · Bethany Edie · Bette Baldwin
McNeil · Amy Mian · Amy Morris · Amy Morris · Amy Morrison · Amy Power · Amy Reive · Amy                           · Betty Groves · Betty Lamb · Bev Dela Cruz · Bev Fockenga · Bev Tembo · Bev Todd · Bev Toms ·
Richardson · Amy Yin · Ana Fangupo · Ana Hintay · Ana Leite · Ana Pupu · Ana Sands · Ana Savou ·                   Bev Walker · Bevan Harris · Bex Abel · Bex Coster · Beza Esclamado · Bharat Singla · Bharti Bedi ·
Ana Stefanovska · Ana Wijdeveld · Ana Torrevillas · Ana Marie Salibay · Anabel Konigstorfer ·                      Bharti Singh · Bhavishna Chandrani · Bhavneet Kaur · Bheng Escano · Bhumi Jain · Bianca de
Analou Lasprilla · Analyn Irorita · Anan Du · Anastazya Forde · Ancy Yohannankutty · Andre                         Agrella · Bianca Gonzales · Bibin Christopher · Bibin Philip · Bibin Vijayan · Biddhya Gurung · Bien
Battrick · Andre Hechter · Andrea Adams · Andrea Ansell · Andrea Burgos · Andrea Butler · Andrea                   Padilla · Bijo Mathew · Bill Doherty · Billie Bond · Bimal Roshni · Bimala Galaju · Bimbika Sirimane ·
Gaskell · Andrea Hills · Andrea Latoa · Andrea Maano · Andrea Manuel · Andrea Matinong · Andrea                    Bina Limbu · Bini Eldhose · Bini Gurung · Binky Marsh · Binu Tiwari · Binuska Ranaweera · Birgit
Pangan · Andrea Rod · Andrea Smith · Andrei Pirlea · Andresa Mendes Teles · Andrew Crerar ·                        Haan · Blair Cullen · Blake Jackson · Blake Smith · Blanch Laroga · Blanche Nugas · Blessie Lintag ·
Andrew Gibson · Andrew Goldfinch · Andrew Greenfield · Andrew Guild · Andrew Hall · Andrew                         Blue Richardson · Blythe Ward · Bobby Abhilash · Bobby Beck · Bobin Pullikkattil Jose · Boren Suy
Hayward · Andrew Heels · Andrew Inch · Andrew Jones · Andrew Knewstubb · Andrew Leith ·                            · Brad Thomas · Brandi Ireton · Brando Bartolome · Brandon Paul · Breanna Woolley · Brechell Dela
Andrew Maglangit · Andrew Quezon · Andrew Searancke · Andrew Fraser · Andrew Hilbert ·                             Vega · Bree Jones · Bregitte Miguel · Bren Whitaker · Brenda Dudson · Brenda Ferguson · Brenda
Andrew Moulding · Andy Clarke · Andy Heap · Ane Pulou · Aneely Bhatt · Aneesh Kattikatt George                     Hobbs · Brenda Paul Corera · Brenda Schroeder · Brendan Joicey · Brenden Moore · Brent Flynn ·
· Ange Dickson · Ange Knibb · Angel Augustine · Angel Mendoza · Angel Montanez · Angel Taguinod                    Brent Morfett · Brett Johnson · Brett Tipton · Brian Bark · Brian Crosby · Brian Robinson · Brian
· Angela Aballog · Angela Ferguson · Angela Gower · Angela Hayes · Angela MacKay · Angela                          Tidey · Brian Ward · Briana Reweti · Bridgette des Landes · Brieanna Hobbs · Briee Robinson · Brin
McMeekin · Angela O’Connor · Angela Ravlich · Angela Simpson · Angela Stewart · Angela                             Downie · Brittany Cottam · Brittany Francis · Brittany Jeffcott-Moore · Brittany Kerebs · Brodie
Barraclough · Angela Redgewell · Angeli Suson · Angelica Araiza · Angelica Ona · Angelina Adams ·                  Hewitt · Brodie McPhail · Bronnie Carston · Bronwen Steere · Bronwyn Barry · Bronwyn Moodie ·
Angelina Bostrovas · Angelina Taiaroa · Angelique Capulong · Angelique Roberts · Angelo Trabado                    Brooke Muirsmeath · Brooke Roberts · Brooke Tainui · Brooke Tyler · Bruce Court-Patience · Bruce
· Angie Cope · Angie Sidhu · Angie Torres · Ani Veve · Anika Lewisham · Anish Anto · Anisha                        Hudson · Bruna Manduci · Bryan Manlangit · Brydie Baxter · Bryni Waldron-Lemon · Bunny Balane
Chaudhary · Anisha Walker · Anishma Raj · Anit Dominic · Anita Bhusal Banjade · Anita Chapman ·                    · Caitlin Fleming · Caitlin McCaul · Caitlin Young · Caitlin Robertson · Caleb Lepper · Caleb
Anita Dayal · Anita Devi · Anita Devi · Anita Farmer · Anita Smith · Anitha Paul · Anitha Shijan · Anitta          McDonald · Callum Morrish · Callum Van der Oest · Cameron Scott · Camila West · Camille Reyes ·
Shaju · Anja Thorne · Anjali Mitra · Anjana Abraham · Anjana Lama · Anjana Poojary · Anjani                        Camille Santos · Campbell Elliott · Campbell McIlwraith · Candice Togia · Candice Camingawan ·
Chaudhary · Anjani Suresh · Anjelyn Pocession · Anjita Acharya · Anjo Francis · Anju Catherine ·                   Cara Floreza · Cardona Castro · Careen Bayoneta · Carina Mincioni · Carl Arnst · Carl Dela Cruz ·
Anju Keenan · Anju Malakunnel Isac · Anju Mathew · Anju Sajan · Anjumol Saju · Ankita Joshi ·                      Carla Barnard · Carla Dela Cruz · Carla Elliott · Carla Ereneta · Carla Eser · Carla Jones · Carla
Ankitaben Patel · Ann Beom · Ann Brady · Ann Cuaresma · Ann Dickason · Ann Dombroski-Scheliin                      Lofredo · Carla Sampaio · Carman Lipscombe · Carmel Marino · Carmelo Grecia · Carmie Demesa
· Ann Fernando · Ann Gene’T · Ann Joy · Ann Lee · Ann Martin · Ann Mongcal · Ann Moorman · Ann                     · Caro Swanston · Carol Barker · Carol Bothamley · Carol Duke · Carol Luttrell · Carol Mathias · Carol
Olbinado · Ann O’Neill · Ann Saripheng · Ann Varunny · Ann Wongchan · Ann Young · Ann-Maree                        Restrepo Ledesma · Carol Robinson · Carol Toohill · Carol Wesley · Carol Dadivas · Carola Acevedo
Vincent · Ann-Marie Innes · Anna Altabas · Anna Benadie · Anna de Jager · Anna Johnson · Anna                      · Carole Patterson · Carole Quickfall · Carolin Bijju · Carolina Russi Serrato · Caroline Evans ·
Lai · Anna McCorkindale · Anna Ormsby · Anna Ouyang · Anna Scott · Anna Smith · Anna Thomson                       Caroline Hart · Caroline Kean · Caroline Ludford · Caroline Martin Salas · Caroline Potgieter ·
· Anna Von Kimmer · Anna Maharjan · Anna-lee Lyons · Annabel Arcipe · Annabel Macdonald ·                          Caroline Reyland · Caroline Sempers · Caroline van Tulder · Caroline Nyo Nyo Aye · Carolyn Bovey-
Annabel Sharp · Annalise Dixon · Annalise Felix · Annamay Toa · Anne Cantos · Anne Flint · Anne                    Brown · Carolyn Faloon · Carolyn Greenaway · Carolyn Grogen-Tinney · Carolyn Lennox · Carolyn
Hall · Anne Hovell · Anne Kenna · Anne Larita · Anne O’Donnell · Anne Streatfeild · Anne Verano ·                  MacDonell · Carolyn Morrison · Carolyn Mulder · Carolyn Delugar · Carolynn Aicken · Carrie
Anne Cameron · Anneke Van Straaten · Annette Adams · Annette Holdaway · Annette Hollis ·                           Duncan · Carrie Han · Carroll King · Casey Cowley · Cassandra Osborne · Cassandra Wallis · Cassie
Annette Jeffares · Annette Lawrence · Annette Molloy · Annette Rains · Annie Bruce · Annie Craike                  Chen · Cassie Scaife · Cassim Nawaz · Cath Magbaton · Cath Seguan · Catherine Bunting ·
· Annie Eunson · Annie Glossop · Annie Smith · Annie Weng · Annie Zhao · Annika Lindquist · Annu                   Catherine Cordwell · Catherine Haren · Catherine Jalbuena · Catherine McKellar · Catherine
Gaur · Anoma Gunaratne · Anouchka Robertson · Anshal Hussain · Anshu Singh · Ansu Anna                             Parsons · Catherine Scullin · Catherine Veloso · Catherine Wright · Catherine Lobo · Cathley Balaan
Varkey · Anthea Gernetzky · Anthea Lemberiadis · Anthony Healy · Anthony Clyne · Anto                              · Cathy Bautista · Cathy Hiku · Cathy Lata · Cathy Malone · Cathy Morris · Cathy Salcedo
Sundaram · Antoinette Morgan · Anton Reble · Antonette Asuncion · Antonio Lavin Delgado ·                          Millabangco · Cathy Watkins · Cathy O’Brien · Cathy Yang · Catrina Llanes · Cecilia Hansson ·
Antony Lonappan · Anu Aloysius · Anu Baby · Anu Gill · Anu Jose · Anu Karthika Reghunathapanickar                  Cecille Winspear · Cel Amante · Cel Padayogdog · Celeste Boonzaaier · Celeste Payne · Celia
· Anu Kumar · Anu Mathews · Anu Pathirage · Anu Samuel · Anuja Kunwar · Anuja Shrestha ·                           Henare · Celly Nicer · Celthea Yu · Cerise Otton-Apatu · Cha Bishop · Cha Juco · Chakri Siluveru ·
Anuradha Shrestha · Anusha Peddina · Anya Borthwick · Ao Fuifui · Aom Mahem · Api Arpanpreet                       Chamara Hettiarachchige · Chami Mannage Dona · Chanel Kisina · Chani Soper · Chanmin Park ·




                                                                                                             114
                                                                                         ANNUAL REP ORT 20 20



Chantal Atngag · Chantal Kennedy · Chantel Paul · Chantel Pilcher · Chantelle Hand · Chantelle                          Earl Te · Eda Galias · Eddie Deo · Eddie Ovansian · Eddie Parker · Eddie Tandy · Eden Hamilton ·
Hocking · Charies Padua · Charisma Roblete · Charith Ruwanpathirana · Charlene Lardizabal ·                             Eden Joyce · Edgar Mamaril · Edgardo Blaya · Eduard Bradley · Edwin Wilton · Edwina Hutchings ·
Charlene Serino · Charlene Tabigne · Charles Bushell · Charles Han · Charles Hannaford · Charles                        Edy Sayson · Egroeg Orlino · Eileen Welford · Eileen Wu · Eileen Kielty · Eina Campos · Ekta Sharma
Serino · Charlie Emanel · Charlie Torrey · Charlotte Bullock · Charlotte Senining · Charlotte Rowe ·                    · Elaine De Leon · Elaine Galbraith · Elaine Hubbard · Elaine Luay · Elaine Marsh · Elaine Mulholland
Charlyne Casil · Charmae Golosino · Charmagne Castillo · Charmaine Infante · Charmaine Julian ·                         · Eldhose Yohannan · Ele Bibby · Eleanor Gaffley · Eleanor Garner · Eleanor Lee · Eleanor Reo · Eleen
Charmaine Smith · Charmaine Staines · Charmaine Volschenk · Charmaine Urbano · Charmayne                                Kee · Eleeza Jilson · Elena Braza · Elena Delector · Elena Kubesh · Eleni Heaven · Eleni Lapana · Eleni
Clarke · Chayle Argallon · Chea Fraser · Chee Chang Ho · Chell Biato · Chelsea Cooper · Chelsea                         Meimaris · Eleonor Moral · Eliane Machado · Elin Griffith · Elina Rajie · Elisel Valoria · Eliseo Lapus ·
Hayler · Chelsea Hodgson · Chelsea Richdale · Cherie Brosnan · Cherie Le Prevost Smith · Cherry                         Elisha Granada · Eliza Siwakoti · Elizabeth Caboverde · Elizabeth Dibanadane · Elizabeth Hunter ·
Fabon · Cherry Gallego · Cherry Lagare · Cherry Quiros · Cherry Ramel · Cherry Taleno · Cherry                          Elizabeth Okanga · Elizabeth Okpaleke · Ella Griffin · Ella O’Donohue · Ella Ubadigha · Ella-rose
Venegas · Cherry Casama · Cherryl Bauzon · Cheryl Alba · Cheryl Brumwell · Cheryl Buchanan ·                            Knowles · Elle Coker · Ellen Cribb · Ellen Ganzon · Ellie Wilson · Ellora Santos · Elly Brown · Elmer
Cheryl Damatac · Cheryl Jackson · Cheryl Lopez · Cheryl Rom Liu · Cheryl Shepherd · Cherylynn                           Carreon · Eloisa Obnial · Eloise Viscarra · Elona Walker · Elsa Marneweck · Elsie DelosReyes · Elsie
Stevenson · Chessie Yap · Cheyne Chalmers · Chhiring Lama · Chi Zhao · Chinchu Boban · Chit                             Lovell · Elsie Pablo · Elsie Warriner · Elva Latonio · Elvira Gomez · Emalyn Prosia · Emelita Cagas ·
Escalon · Chitra Devi · Chitt Fajardo · Chloe Fitzgibbon · Chloe Hollows · Chloe Jones · Chloe                          Emil Visser · Emily Chen · Emily Hayward · Emily Joyce · Emily Keenan · Emily Langdon · Emily
Thompson · Chloe Turko · Chona Cortez · Chris Ashton · Chris Balanci · Chris Beckett · Chris                            Narawa · Emily Palamountain · Emily Truong · Emily White · Emily Xi · Emily Li · Emma Anderson ·
Camm · Chris Caselton · Chris Church · Chris Corriea · Chris Daykin · Chris Dias · Chris Dombroski                      Emma Begg · Emma Blount · Emma Carson · Emma Cumberbeach · Emma Hanley · Emma
· Chris Downes · Chris Genses · Chris Hall · Chris Harwood · Chris Henry · Chris James · Chris Jobe                     Harrison · Emma Hibbert · Emma Holder · Emma Hope · Emma Knott · Emma Poni · Emma Rose ·
· Chris Ngataierua · Chris Parker · Chris Saxon · Chris Simmonds · Chris Sinclair · Chris Sutton ·                      Emma Salzano · Emma Saquiban · Emma Scott · Emma Singh · Emma Tarunge-Wasi · Emma
Chris Tunbridge · Chris Wright · Chris Baet · Chris Keilty · Chris Storer · Chrissy Macpherson ·                        Waetford · Emma Hogan · Emma Reardon · Emman Galve · Emmy Dolotina · Ena Pastrana · Enrique
Chrissy Mathews · Chrissy Smith · Chrissy Stanton · Chrissy Thompson · Chrissy Toa · Chrissy                            Vanegas · Entani Naidu · Eric Demo · Eric van Diggele · Erica Bacasen · Erick Abille · Ericka Esteban
Villanos · Christelle Estremera · Christelle Sazon · Christi Essex · Christian Borja · Christina Brenton                · Ericka Sauquillo Adoyo · Erik Homena · Erin Hanley · Erin Lintott · Erin Lu · Erin O’Mara · Erin Pole ·
· Christina Ioane · Christina Niutao · Christina Potgieter · Christina Reed · Christina Telekesi ·                      Erin Woodcraft · Esme Knoetze · Esmie Gonzaga · Estela Garcia · Estela Guiao · Estelle O’Neil ·
Christine Buck · Christine Clarke · Christine Cleaver · Christine De Leon · Christine Grant · Christine                 Estelle Ramtano · Ester Da Rosa · Esther Cole · Esther Curtis · Esther Gupana · Esther Hukui · Esther
Han · Christine Hill · Christine Javier · Christine Kwiatkowski · Christine Labiton · Christine Langford                Lawangen · Esther Smith · Esther Zvenyika · Eszter Zsuppan · Ethan Prentice · Ethel Mondarte · Eti
· Christine Langley · Christine Larking · Christine Liclican-Coloma · Christine McCurdy · Christine                     Aunese · Eugene Ortile · Eugenie May · Eunika Reinecke · Eurita Balazo · Eva De Jong · Eva Dodd ·
Miller · Christine Pauling · Christine Tweedie · Christine Dhariwal · Christine Ann Elizalde ·                          Eva Mago · Eva Schilder · Eva Ispoglou · Eve Ojales · Evelinda Elan · Evelyn Booth · Evelyn Cadzow ·
Christopher Singer · Christy Solina · Chu Kohlman · Chu Templa · Chua Chua · Chummy Madarieta                           Evelyn Calaunan · Evelyn Doropa · Evelyn Espina · Evelyn Kong · Everly Seo-as · Evita Hariman · Ezra
· Chyna Bourne · Cindy Bermudez · Cindy Cao · Cindy Evangelista · Cindy Le Hur · Cindy Phillips ·                       Erueti · Faaiu Nielsen · Faamanu Simeona · Faeona Wallace · Fair Rupal · Faith Fawcett · Faith
Cindy Velasquez · Cindy Hou · Ciska McGrath · CJ Barcelona · Claire Bate · Claire Daunivavana ·                         Sakalia · Faith Collishaw · Faith Jemutai · Fallon Eynon · Fana Raveora · Fang Zhou · Fara Naicake ·
Claire Davies · Claire Farrell · Claire Harris · Claire Park · Claire Traill · Claire Watt · Claire Whitfield ·         Farah Ali · Farida Shilpi · Faridun Joya · Farina Khan · Farisha Begum · Farishta Samadi · Farron Moke
Claire Baran · Clara Chiong · Clara Noveda · Clara Tan · Clarace Codyre · Clare Burgess · Clare                         · Farzana Bi · Farzana Begum · Fatima Hima · Fay Lilley · Fay Ramirez-de Jong · Faye Dunford-Smith
Glasspool · Clare Manders · Clare McLaughlin · Clare O’Donnell · Clarence Picardo · Clarissa                            · Fe Cuevas · Fe Manangan · Fe Taganas · Fe Asinas · Fefiloi Tausi · Felicity Ashwell · Felicity King ·
Alojado · Claudele Mangos · Claudete Silva · Claudia Conway · Claudia May · Claudia Permatasari ·                       Felis Pael · Felix Tso · Felix Lacerna · Fely Magpantay · Finau Kafoa · Fiona Dube · Fiona Justine ·
Claudia Rueda De La Serna · Claudine Nair · Clem Von Ellerts-Martinoli · Cliff Lasmarias · Clint                        Fiona Kingi · Fiona Le Gros · Fiona Quinn · Fiona Rolland · Fiona Scotland · Fiona Te Haara · Fipe
Bishop · Clinton Palmer · Co Ham · Cole Davis · Colin Caldwell · Colin Cameron · Colin Whakatutu ·                      Lama · Flo Hamilton · Floey Limjoco · Flor Anasarias · Flora Torres · Florance Nikeeta · Florence
Colin Butler · Colleen McCann · Colleen Watson · Collette Backhouse · Collette Gordon · Colm                            Taylor · Florita Ipong · Flynn Rosie · Fonda Burt · Fran Chousal · Fran Sinclair · Fran Spitzer · Franca
Boyle · Comaneci Ong · Comfort Siaw · Con Ciobanu · Con Van Niekerk · Conie Tiongson · Connie                           Phillips · Frances Lewis · Frances Twaalfhoven · Francie Cappleman · Francine Palendeng · Francis
Fernandez · Connie Tagle · Connie Vining · Connor Peirse · Connor Sim · Cora Jambalos · Cora Van                        Caluya · Francis Deferia · Francis Lagmay · Frank Wang · Frank Ryan · Fransiska Aren · Franz Sale ·
der Heul · Coralea Potgieter · Coralie Vine · Cornelia Chin · Correen Steyn · Corrie Zwemstra ·                         Frazer Williams · Fred Agliam · Fred Cleaver · Fred Mann · Freda Chase · Freda Van Schouten · Freda
Corrine Belencion · Corrine Fernando · Corrine Gillan · Corrinne Cooper · Cory Bryan · Courtenay                        Raptopoulos · Freddy Akkara · Fritz Lozano · Gabby Barnett · Gabby Da Rosa · Gabby Whall ·
Reid · Courtney Oliver · Courtney Taylor · Courtney Trautvetter · Craig Atkinson · Craig Buist · Craig                  Gabriel D’Alberto · Gabriella Schulz · Gael Coory · Gagan Kaur · Gagan Kaur · Gagan Kharoud ·
Byrne · Craig Pascoe · Cris Fulton · Cris Viernes · Criselda Agbayani · Crish Landiza · Cristel Carter                  Gagandeep Kaur · Gaganpreet Kaur · Gagneet Kaur · Gail Beard · Gail Brown · Gail Enriquez · Gail
· Cristel Garcia · Cristina Corre · Cristina Uy · Cristina Alejandro · Cristine Bayliss · Crystal Payne ·               McGuinness · Gail Miller · Gail Oats · Gail Sangiorgio · Gail Te Au · Gail Castro · Galina Shipina ·
Crystal Saldanha · Csilla Feherne Kincses · Cym Seguan · Cyndi Stewart · Cynthia Bunag · Cynthia                        Gamage Priyangika Sandamali · Ganga Mati · Gareth Salt · Gareth Wyatt · Garry Bott · Garry Dhall ·
Humphreys · Cynthia Mercado · Cynthia Moris Haro · Cynthia Pearse · Cyril Balloso · Cyrus                               Garry Singh · Gary Bacod · Gary Cox · Gary Robinson · Gary Stewart · Gary Sutcliffe · Gavin Lucas
Vallecera · Czarina Ederango · Czhanna Dayo · Dada Dayrit · Dafydd Evans · Dainah Magonde ·                             · Gavin Till · Gay Benabaye · Gay Libatog · Gay Ordonio · Gayani Welikala · Gayathri Kahawidanalage
Daisy Duka · Daisy Estuita · Dale Basinal · Dale Bell · Dale Burton · Dale Whearty · Dallas Walker ·                    Dona · Gayathri Kumar · Gaye Hansen · Gayleen Watkins · Gaylene Allen · Gaylene Downs · Gaylene
Daly Anna Devasia · Daman Kaur · Damian Forde · Damian Holmes · Dan Boyle · Dan Bromley · Dan                           Graham · Gaylene Hill · Gaylene Hutcheson · Gaylene White · Geeta Chandra · Geeta Seghal ·
Domalanta · Dan Pega · Dan Redmond · Dan Parris · Dana Ballin · Dana Bilous · Danae Shipston ·                          Geeta Devi · Geethu Babu · Geethu Sunny · Gem Evans · Gemeda Wesho · Gemma Ballantyne ·
Danelle Franklin · Dani Bartle · Dani Bonoan · Danica Little · Daniel Bakht-Khosh · Daniel McLennan                     Gemma Fernandez Duck · Gemma Rolland · Gemma Birchall · Gen Baoa · Gen Bautista · Gen
· Daniel Murray · Daniel Reble · Daniel Halengo · Daniel Mulcahy · Daniela Diederichs · Daniela                         Cabarles · Gen McEwan · Gen Suerte Felipe · Gena Agnes · Genalyn Arca · Genelil Gonzales · Genell
Restrepo · Danielle Choat · Danielle Jeffery · Danielle Newton · Danielle Redin · Danielle Steer ·                      Dunn · Geneveve Van Dooren · Geoff Murton · George Collyer · George Garbutt · Georgekutty
Danielle Tweed · Danny Burns · Danny Connery · Darlene Ross · Darnell Bonita · Darren Hicarte ·                         Joseph · Georgia Berry · Georgia Butler · Georgia Ritchie · Georgia Sherlock · Georgia Smaill ·
Darrin Findlay · Darsana Ram Bindu · Daryl Dominguez · Dashan Kaur · Dati Sherpa · Dave Bennett                         Georgia Taylor · Georgia Thompson · Georgie Cooper · Georgie Hamilton · Georgina Aitken ·
· Dave Clearwater · Dave Cooper · Dave Cronin · Dave Murrell · Dave Pelham · Dave Robertson ·                           Georgina Mashlan · Gerald Estevez · Geraldine Kevill · Gerhard Van-Zyl · Gerlie Navaja · Germaine
Dave So · Dave Wand · Dave Wu · Dave Sevilleno · David Ballouz · David Cartwright · David Datoy ·                       Dixon · Ghela Domalanta · Giancarlo BeatoBerti · Gigi McMahon · Gihani Chathurika · Gil Fielding ·
David De Souza · David de Veth · David Easton · David Fisk · David Gibson · David Herrera-                              Gilanne Natividad · Gilbert Romero · Gill Dyer · Gina Parkinson · Gina Salt · Gina Schenkel · Gina
Rodriguez · David Jordan · David King · David Macdonald · David Nevin · David Rod · David Laing ·                       Villanueva · Gino Magsino · Giovanna Falchi · Girley Pingol · Girlie Stevens · Giroma Labradores ·
David Mahony · David Oldham · David Ravenscroft · David Swann · Davinna McDonald · Davis                                Gisha Chandy · Gladys Gaspar · Glaiza Alwit · Glaiza Bernardo · Glaiza Saul · Glen Thomson ·
Thadathil · Dawn Griffiths · Dawn Hunt · Dawn Philip · Dawn White · Dawn Yrigollen-Hammond ·                            Glenda Aggarao · Glenn McNickle · Glenn Perkins · Glenn Scott · Glenys Percy · Glenys Popenhagen
Dawny Thomas · Dayna George · Dealia Long · Dean Jackson · Dean Turner · Deanna Glasson ·                               · Glenys Stewart · Gloria Kavanagh · Gloria Kawadza · Gloria Wardle · Glynise Fateg · Glynn Pegarro
Deanne Goman · Deb Ray · Deb Smith · Deb Richardson · Debbi Fairlie · Debbie Austin · Debbie                            · Gordon Lambagan · Gordon McKenna · Gordon Menzies · Gordy MacLeod · Gorica Brasic ·
Bontuyan · Debbie Bridger · Debbie Buchanan · Debbie Chapman · Debbie Dixon · Debbie Edwards                            Goswin Kanta · Govind Yelagani · GR Taala · Grace Aldridge · Grace Anacleto · Grace Arbitrario ·
· Debbie Fraser · Debbie Gemmell · Debbie Gray · Debbie Hartley · Debbie Hicks · Debbie Kennedy                         Grace Bilagot · Grace Blake · Grace Boyle · Grace Crawford · Grace He · Grace Kamuhangire ·
· Debbie Komarkowski · Debbie Lim · Debbie Ogden · Debbie Quennell · Debbie Richards · Debbie                           Grace Kim · Grace Lubos · Grace Martinez · Grace Nathan · Grace Nochefranca · Grace Rennie ·
Rountree · Debbie Smith · Debbie Wells · Deborah Forde · Deborah Hayward · Deborah Ibale ·                              Grace Samuel · Grace Shen · Grace Tabut · Grace Tubo · Grace Wei · Grace Wilson · Grace Tavara
Deborah Logt-Osborne · Deborah Jones · Deborah Swingler · Debra Goodman · Debra Stone ·                                 · Graeme Thomson · Graeme Wilson · Grant Blair · Grant Clayton · Grant Costello · Grant Duce ·
Debra Rowley · Debs Smith · Declan Rhodes · Dedeh Karyati · Dee Broad · Dee Kennedy · Dee                               Grant Eggers · Greece Tade · Greema Paul · Greeshma Susham · Greg Evans · Greg Giles · Greg
Mantell-Harding · Dee Nadan · Dee Repko · Dee Schroder · Deep Kapoor · Deep Kaur · Deepa                                Lapwood · Greg Conquest · Greg Small · Greta Kennedy · Gretch Tacuyan · Gretchen Elliot · Greville
Bhandari G C · Deepa Lohala · Deepa Sudhakaran · Deepani Hewa Batagodage · Deepankshi                                   Savage · Guang Tian · Gul Kaur · Gulnaz Kaur · Gunpreet Tiwana · Gurinder Atwal · Gurjeet Kaur ·
Deepankshi · Deepika Wijesekara · Deidre MacGregor · Del Wellington · Del Whitehouse · Delia                            Gurmeet Kaur · Gurneet Kaur · Gurpreet Dhillon · Gurpreet Kaur · Gurpreet Kaur · Gurpreet Kaur-
Espenido · Delu Paranathala · Den De Paula · Denice Jamieson · Denis Goodwin · Denis Marra ·                            Gill · Gursharan Kaur · Gursharan Kaur · Gurwinder Bhatti · Gus Finlayson · Gwen Cajigas · Gwen
Denise Boese · Denise Cunniffe · Denise Greenbank · Denise Hutchison · Denise Laney · Denise                            Flynn · Habiba Neniel · Hadrian Sultan · Hailey Byun · Hailey Smith · Haley Crimp · Hamida Khan ·
Martin · Denise Scott · Denise Thompson · Dennis De Leon · Dennis Frazer · Denver Houston ·                             Hamish Keast · Hamish Kennedy · Hamish O’Neill · Hani Fatu · Hannah Barlow · Hannah Barry-Goss
Denzel Bonifacio · Deo Glovasa · Derek Greening · Des Aunese · Desley Lawrence · Dev Little · Devi                      · Hannah Bryan · Hannah Carter · Hannah Casia · Hannah Dawes · Hannah Debreceny Brazier ·
Nagalingam · Devi Sapkota · Devika Naidu · Devika Reddy · Devon Eastlake · Devon Maurice · Dewi                         Hannah Diaz · Hannah Espanola · Hannah Hekelaar · Hannah Ibale · Hannah Mackay · Hannah
Astuti · Dhang Navarro · Dhanju Rana · Dhanya Francis · Dhanya Lukose · Dhara Patel · Dhrushya                          Manalaysay · Hannah Martin · Hannah Miles · Hannah Orlowski · Hannah Riches · Hannah Undan ·
Sasidharan · Dhruvi Shah · Di George · Di Lister · Di McKenzie · Di Sinclair · Di Tahi · Di Tarling · Diana             Hannah Wilson · Hans Koman · Happy Nijjar · Harbhajan Kaur · Harish Uthirapathy · Harjeet Kaur ·
Brown · Diana Carrillo Carrillo · Diana Cleveland · Diana Hanafin · Diana Jones · Diana Nicolescu ·                     Harjinder Kaur · Harleen Johal · Harman Kaur · Harmanpreet Dhaliwal · Harmonee Scott ·
Diana Plesovs · Diana Rodas · Diana Sian · Diana Wilfred · Diane Brown · Diane Evans · Diane                            Harpinder Kaur · Harpreet Kaur · Harpreet Kaur · Harpreet Kaur · Harpreet Kaur · Harpreet Khohar
Headifen · Diane Johnson · Diane Smiler · Diane Smith · Diane Taylor · Diane Vergara-Galang ·                           · Harpreet Pabla · Harrie Geraets · Harriet Cairns · Harriet Koch · Harriett Murray · Harry Coronel ·
Dianna Alexander · Dianne Amolong · Dianne Burgess · Dianne Casimiro · Dianne Dona · Dianne                             Harry Hemus · Harry Huynh · Harry Makhloga · Harry Purohit · Harry Sampson · Harry Tesorio ·
Durham · Dianne Kei · Dianne Melhuish · Dianne Newton · Dianne Rosado · Dianne Villasenor · Didi                        Harry Capacite · Harsh Arora · Harshani Jayasinghe · Harvie Samra · Harvinder Kaur · Harwinder
Muncaster-Wright · Diedri Bates · Diksha Mainh · Dilani Ukwatta · Dilpreet Kaur · Dina Fitria · Dina                    Kaur · Hash Devgan · Hashini Ekanayake · Hasini Kaipa · Hassel Sapanta · Hayden Beaton · Haylee
Garcia · Disha Gandhi · Divina Cruz · Divya Chauhan · Divya Mannayath · Divya Mohan · Divya                             Syverston · Hayley Berriman · Hayley Brown · Hayley Evis · Hayley Hendra · Hayley House · Hayley
Sebastian · Dolly Alekar · Dolly Dolman · Don MacKay · Donah Cagalawan · Donald Ferguson ·                              Jenkinson · Hayley Mackintosh · Hayley Sharp · Hayley Kluytmans-Smith · Hazel Baliza · Hazel
Donald Pool · Dondi Delgado · Donna Barnes · Donna Bradford · Donna Campbell · Donna Dael ·                             Dodunski · Hazel Guillen · Hazel Magar · Hazel Watene · Hazella Abayan · Heather Barnett · Heather
Donna Dungey · Donna Flaws · Donna Garcia · Donna Holmes · Donna Hooson · Donna Jones-                                  Booth · Heather Jury · Heather Maynard · Heather Parnell · Heather Seddon · Heather Sharp ·
Smith · Donna Lewis · Donna Munoz · Donna Rose · Donna Summerfield · Donna Wilson · Donna                               Heather Simmonds · Heather Turner · Heather Turney · Heather Wilson · Heather Wooles · Hebbe
Gonzales · Donnabelle Gillegao · Donnelle Dean · Dora Martinez-Velandia · Doreen Dacanay ·                              Xia · Hedda Viray · Heena Arora · Heide Barkman · Heidi Cartwright · Heidi Cooper · Heidi O’Reilly ·
Doreen Kumar · Doreen Lata · Doreen Maha · Doreen Narayan · Dorothy Belleza · Dorothy Harris ·                          Heidi Reece · Heike Voit · Helen Bridge · Helen Burnley · Helen Cowie · Helen Danielsen · Helen Davy
Dorothy Musosa · Dorothy Withers · Dot Luna · Dot Wright · Dottie Abuyabor · Doug Holt · Dovie                          · Helen Francis · Helen Hayes · Helen Higgins · Helen Mason · Helen McKinnel · Helen Van Der Meys
Villalobos · Drew Napthen · Dronah Villarino · Dulari Withana Ranasinghe · Duncan Phillips · Durham                     · Helen Wehipeihana · Helen Weston · Helen Xu · Helena Yang · Hellen Grenfell · Helloise Tan · Hema
Quigley · Dushantha Senarath · Dustin Dominic · Dwi Wangsawidjaja · Dylan Sharma · Earl Cortes ·                        Baldania · Henny Villaverde · Henry Neo · Henry Stuart · Hepi Matapa · Hermie Nuqui · Hermie




                                                                                                                  115
                                                                                             RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Pabulario · Herminia Thompson · Hieu Lam · Hilary Freeth · Hilary Ward · Hilary West · Hilary                               Joni-Lou Arcelo · Jonna Mangahas · Jonnel Tan · Jonney Karki · Jonny Pokoati · Jono Burch · Jony
Westley · Hilda Dimalibot · Hildah Muthui · Hima Pauly · Himani Himani · Himshikha Paneri · Hina                            Edwards · Jordan Cruickshank · Jordan Elvy · Jordan Jackson · Jordan Smart · Jordan Wells ·
Veituna · Hine Kameta · Hine Tunga · Hiromi Mizushima · Hollee McKay · Hollie Emmett · Hollie                               Joreena Mabini · Jorefel Sato · Joris Bolijn · Josafa Magallones · Josaia Bulicakau · Jose Galarreta
Ruddick · Hollie Thomlinson · Holly Duff · Holly French · Holly Gillett · Holly Grant · Holly Murrell ·                     · Jose Palathunkal · Joseph Domingo · Joseph Go · Josephine Cunado · Josephine Slater · Josh
Holly Nicholas · Holly Palmer · Holly Smedley · Holly Wilson · Honey Duque · Honey Gill · Honey                             Begley · Josh Dench · Josh Harding · Josh Jones · Josh Patel · Josh Walker · Joshua Kiernan ·
Neilson · Honey Pagtanac · Honeylane Bautista · Hope McKenzie · Hope Sakalia · House Yuan ·                                 Joshua Smith · Joshua Waine · Josie McCrone · Josie Placino · Josmin Jose · Josy Jose · Joti
Howie Turner · Hua Chen · Hugh Rosemergy · Huiling Lu · Hyojoo Lee · Iain Doody · Ian Bell · Ian                            Chand · Joti Kumari · Joti Reena · Jova Marquez · Jovi Obias · Joy Abellar-Sinha · Joy Albano · Joy
Corry · Ian Le Grange · Ian Whyte · Ida Leimi · Ida Sanibah · Ike Abellana · Ilthon Tomo · Imelda Borlas                    Breward · Joy Campo · Joy Duran · Joy Harrison · Joy Mason · Joy Murray · Joy Napalan · Joy
· Imeleta Kereti · Imraan Ali · Indika Abeykoon · Indika Warnakula · Indu Gounder · Indy Putri Trilford                     Notman · Joy Yang · Joy Abella · Joyce Dixon · Joyce Kydd · Joyce Pillay · Joyce Reniedo · Joyce
· Ine Wheeler · Inge Rickards · Ingrid Cagalawan · Ingrid Horck · Ingrid Ludovice · Inigo Holmes · Inno                     Roa · Joyce Stone · Jucelia Da Silva · Jude Faulknor · Jude Fegi · Jude Kerr · Jude Van Bommel ·
Chiu · Ino Domingue · Iosefo Bahn · Irene Burt · Irene Canonigo · Irene Celino · Irene Morgan · Irene                       Judette Froilan-Algodon · Judi Wetere · Judith Babu · Judith Ditablan · Judith Polkinghorne · Judith
Rapa · Irene Yang · Irene Lee · Iresha Jahinge · Irina Davis · Irish Pelegren · Irish Clavecillas · Isaac                   Rutledge · Judith Taylor · Judy Aitken · Judy Barron · Judy Campbell · Judy Christie · Judy Du Toit
Bright · Isabel Seville · Isabel Jimenez · Isabelita Ceniza · Isabella Wild · Ishan Brailsford · Ishan                      · Judy Jaropillo · Judy Miguel · Judy Patterson · Judy Petersen · Judy Sutton · Juffin Koshy · Juhee
Kolothodi · Ishina Adhikari · Ishu Koirala · Isi Uata · Isla Jean Tregonning · Issy Ponga · Ita Living ·                    An · Jules Mudford · Julia Charteris · Julia Evans · Julia Hamilton · Julia Main · Julia McKenzie · Julia
Italia Taka · Ivane Parba · Ivy Araujo · Ivy Carino · Ivy Carreon · Ivy Johnson · Ivy Liza · Ivy Chatterjee                 Murphy · Julia Walker · Juliana Joseph · Julie Akinyele · Julie Baron · Julie Camay · Julie Collings ·
· Ivy Han · Izel Martinez · Izzy Byfleet · Izzy Getty · Izzy Hutcheson · Izzy Partridge · Jaala Attewel ·                   Julie Corkill · Julie Crayford · Julie Crofts · Julie Deticio · Julie East · Julie Enriquez · Julie George ·
Jabeline Obra · Jabul Shofi Rahman · Jacell Apa-Ap · Jacinta Afamasaga · Jacinta Neilson · Jack                             Julie Gumban · Julie Hoskin · Julie John · Julie Khor · Julie MacClure · Julie Madden · Julie Madden
Foster · Jackie Batoy · Jackie Hotter · Jackie Miller · Jackie Scanlon · Jackie Silva · Jackson                             · Julie Mallia · Julie McGhie · Julie Morrish · Julie Quine · Julie Rodwell · Julie Ryan · Julie Seymour ·
Fleming · Jacky Adam · Jacky Basongit · Jaclyn Aitken · Jaco Malan · Jacob Boerman · Jacob                                  Julie Simpron · Julie Sucdad · Julie Thompson · Julie Toevai · Julie Wallis · Julie Williamson · Julie
Cherian · Jacob Hunter · Jacob Martin · Jacob Wood · Jacque Hunter · Jacque Jucal · Jacque                                  Ballinger · Julie Rose Guinyang · Julie-ann Beattie · Juliet Findlay · Juliet Smith · Juliette Brownlow
Manzano · Jacqueleen Nyangweso · Jacquelyn Cottam · Jacqui Clarke · Jacqui Comerford ·                                      · Julius Macaraeg · Jully Cui · Julyn Cancino · Jun Fernandez · Jun Montajes · June Hare · June
Jacqui Devezas · Jade Hemi · Jade Magno · Jade Te Awhe · Jade Washbourn · Jadi Cubita · Jagath                              Savage · June Wano · Junior Bese · Junior Tai · Junn Alminaza · Justin Reeves · Justin Regidor ·
Wijetilleke · Jaime Barker · Jaime Clews · Jaime Redmond · Jaimie Novotny · Jaina Varghese ·                                Justin Reinecke · Justine Hilado · Justine Michel · Juvilyn Hallazgo · Jyoti Bhanot · Jyoti K C · Jyoti
Jainesh Chand · Jaipal Singh · Jaka Payot · Jam Bolivar · Jam Rivera · Jamboy Jamboy · James                                Kunwar · Jyoti Naidu · Jyoti Phuyal · Jyoti Kumar · Kaden Ko · Kae Tayong · Kael Fallu · Kaelan Healy
Alolor · James Aoys · James Brady · James Clarijs · James Goodman · James Marshall · James                                  · Kaitlin Ruscoe · Kal Sherchan · Kalaivani Logeswaran · Kaleb Dunstan · Kalena Hemi · Kaleshni
McGuigan · Jamie McIntyre · Jamie Murphy · Jamie Roberts · Jamie Rumbold · Jamie Sheary ·                                   Devi · Kalisi Savu · Kalpa Kumarasinghe · Kalpana Negi · Kalvi Selvaraj · Kalyan Alluri · Kamal
Jamie-Leigh Robinson · Jamil Escalera · Jamila Khaled · Jammie Piper · Jan Bandala · Jan Corbett                            Dhaliwal · Kamal Jajoria · Kamal Kaur · Kamal Kaur · Kamal Kaur · Kamal Pandher · Kamal Panesar
· Jan Low · Jan McCann · Jan Thomson · Jan-Marie Houliston · Jana Dinusova · Janaki Shrestha ·                              · Kamal Sharma · Kamala Phuyel · Kamalpreet Kaur · Kamini Prasad · Kanchan Dangol · Kani Davis
Jane Baker · Jane Elle · Jane Escalera · Jane Gordon · Jane Hickman · Jane Hockey · Jane Jay ·                              · Kaniata Halanukonuka · Kanta Mani · Kanti Karan · Kanu Dhutti · Kara Belcher · Kara Montilla ·
Jane Jordan · Jane Magan · Jane McCall · Jane Nohara · Jane O’Connell · Jane Paredes · Jane Pow                             Karam Kaur · Karan Senger · Kareen Galang · Karel Atilano · Karen Andrews · Karen Bensemann ·
· Jane Sun · Jane Van Daatselaar · Janelle Broughton · Janelle Reade · Janes Castro · Janessa                               Karen Borland · Karen Castel · Karen Chavez · Karen Dillon · Karen Ikimata · Karen Jellyman · Karen
Baltazar · Janet Coutts · Janet Hagonoy · Janet Jesen · Janet Ladroma · Janet Laly Philip · Janet                           Jenkins · Karen Kenny · Karen Lake · Karen Mabao · Karen Merrilees · Karen Moriyama · Karen
Ngamaru · Janet Puna · Janet Spaabaek · Janet Stacey · Janet Kentt · Janette Boyd · Janette                                 Nasser · Karen Parata · Karen Prothero · Karen Rodger · Karen Sears · Karen Shaw · Karen
Cabanlit · Janette Llesis · Jani Treesa · Janice Munro · Janice Peralta · Janice Rothwell · Janice                          Wellington · Karen Williams · Karen Wilson · Karen Currie · Karen Hocking · Karen Jackson · Karen
Salmons · Janice Stent · Janice Walsh · Janice Wright · Janie Nolan · Janine Aitken · Janine Amacio                         Morris · Karen Reataza · Karenne Melo · Karin McDonald · Karina Choirunisa · Karina Landero ·
· Janine Lipsys · Janine Snape · Janine Spiers · Janine Waugh · Janine Wilde · Janith Fernando ·                            Karina Misterio · Karishma Naidu · Karl Drent · Karl Holloway · Karl Rosales · Karl Holden · Karla
Jannel Baldivas · Jannel Escueta · Jans Amuwala Mesthrige · Jared Colwell · Jared Dickson · Jared                           Marrs · Karm Kaur · Karuna Maharaj · Karuna Neupane · Karuna Singh · Karyn Marshall · Karyn
Kemsley · Jared Tito · Jas Bhotea · Jas Taala · Jash Jattana · Jashan Kaur · Jasmeen Kaur ·                                 Nobilo · Karyn Porter · Karyn Small · Kasa Palefau · Kasa Tavake · Kase Woolley · Kat Atkins · Kat
Jasmeet Kaur · Jasmeet Kaur · Jasmeet Virk · Jasmin Raju · Jasmine Dalkie Drummond · Jasmine                                Hanson · Katalina Aitaua · Katalina Kisina · Katarina Biaukula · Kate Anderson · Kate Arsenio · Kate
Evans · Jasmine Lee · Jasmine Mcilraith · Jasmit Kaur · Jason Adam · Jason Browne · Jason Davey                             Bartlett · Kate Bowden · Kate Bruce · Kate Carr · Kate Donaldson · Kate Ensor · Kate Johnson · Kate
· Jason Hopkins · Jason Kenna · Jason Mack · Jason Van der Hulst · Jason Zhao · Jaspinder Kaur ·                            Morgan · Kate Sharples · Kate Waldock · Kate Wasson · Kate Wood · Kate Argente · Kate Tran · Kath
Jaspreet Brar · Jaspreet Gill · Jaspreet Kaur · Jaspreet Kaur · Jaspreet Kaur · Jaspreet Kaur ·                             Abelligos · Kath Collett · Kath Daveis · Kath Dwyer · Kath Hart · Kath Morgan · Kath Pegalan-
Jaspreet Kaur · Jaspreet Kaur · Jaspreet Singh · Jaspreet Butter · Jasprit Kaur · Jass Kaur · Jass                          Bataanon · Katherine Smith · Kathie Dimock · Kathleen Corcuera · Kathleen de Gracia · Kathleen
Kaur · Jass Kaur · Jass Reddy · Jasvir Kaur · Jay Borromeo · Jay Parag · Jay Pascua · Jay Payot · Jay                       McMillan · Kathleen Parker · Kathlen Gingoyon · Kathrine Tan · Kathryn Francis · Kathryn Nieva ·
Schofield · Jay Solanki · Jay Sreekumar · Jay Kang · Jay Sukhdarshan Singh · Jaya Mohan · Jaya                              Kathryn Van de Westerlo · Kathy Bernados · Katie Benson · Katie Brown · Katie Hilleard · Katie Miles
Vandhana · Jayde Galbraith · Jayde Kumsawng · Jayden Brown · Jayden Ferguson-Cooper ·                                       · Katie Naden · Katie-Jane Knight · Katrin Marundan · Katrina Armstrong · Katrina Boyd · Katrina
Jayeon Kim · Jayn Baker · Jayne McIlroy · Jayne Money · Jaypee De Peralta · Jayson Ehn · Jaz                                Chinnery Allen · Katrina Copland · Katrina Ede · Katrina Mann · Katrina McLean · Katrina Stevens ·
Morrison · Jaz Spicer · Jazz Phillips · Jazz Rabbett · Jean Farrell · Jean Raga · Jean Ramos · Jean                         Katrina Villanueva · Katy Hodder · Katy Van Nieuwenhuizen · Katz Melebo · Kavitha Sukumar · Kay
Rigor · Jean Villarin · Jeanafe Abelarde · Jeanel Gutong · Jeanet Bagares · Jeanette Erestingcol ·                          Clarke · Kay Katene · Kay Merekula · Kay Spick · Kay Titheridge · Kay Jeffs · Kayce Stechman ·
Jeanette Tebbutt · Jeanette Trueman · Jeanie Gamboa · Jeanie Salcedo · Jeanne Paterson ·                                    Kaycee Borja · Kaye Francisco · Kaye Kaur · Kaye Nieva · Kaye Stoddart · Kaye Wesley · Kayla Myles
Jeanne Walker · Jeannie Bautista · Jeannie Sales · Jeannie Wang · Jee Manipis · Jeena Oshana ·                              · Kayla Richmond · Kayla Sharp · Kaylah Ross · Kaylene Brock · Kaylene Tipene · Kayley Taylor ·
Jeena Jose · Jeeva Vakkachan · Jeff De Los Reyes · Jeff Parkins · Jeff Ragragio · Jeff Robb ·                               Kaylyn Merrall · Kaz Sandford · Keagan Modlin · Keann Alojado · Kearny Royo · Kee Chan · Keefe
Jehnille Sacriz · Jejay Sen · Jeli Howes · Jelica Ceballos · Jem Curran · Jemima Pratt · Jemimah                            Martinez · Keeta Shrimpton · Keiko Simpson · Keiran Steele · Keisi Puafuti · Kelera Bourke · Kellie
Curtis · Jemma Kiernan · Jen Badrudin · Jen Candia · Jen Davids · Jen Garcia · Jen Lemery · Jen                             Ferabend · Kellie Hura · Kelly Barnes · Kelly Dacanay · Kelly Jackson · Kelly Jones · Kelly Reuelu ·
Magrath · Jen Rea · Jen Nuevo · Jenelyn Ragadi · Jeni Keogh · Jenilyn Pedroche · Jenn Valavala ·                            Kelly Robinson · Kelsey Wilson · Kelsie Grantham · Ken Go · Ken Wongsomboon · Ken Yeung ·
Jenn Keem-Silcock · Jenni Harris · Jenni Stevenson · Jenni Thompson · Jennie South · Jennifer                               Kendall Johnson · Kendall Stobart · Kendra Tate · Kennely Atilano · Kenneth Alo · Kenneth
Dela Cruz · Jennifer Domingo · Jennifer Ferrier · Jennifer Gonzalo · Jennifer Johnston · Jennifer                           Baldivinos · Kenneth Penolbo · Kenny Babajide · Kenny MacAskill · Kent Barcenilla · Keran Taylor ·
Rodriguez · Jennifer Wong · Jennifer Roberts · Jennifer Trasmil · Jennilyn Maneja · Jenny Abalos ·                          Keri Ladbrook · Kerianne Harmon · Kerri Martin · Kerri Roberts · Kerri Taylor · Kerrie Scott · Kerrie
Jenny Achilles · Jenny Bongcog · Jenny Bower · Jenny Buhat · Jenny Campbell · Jenny Cates ·                                 Ekers · Kerry Gall · Kerstein Aquino · Keryn Johnston-Dixon · Kevin Bowgett · Kevin Croskery · Kevin
Jenny Christmas · Jenny Coleman · Jenny de Peralta · Jenny Dominguez · Jenny Griffiths · Jenny                              Grimwood · Kevin John · Kevin May · Kevin Selner Maniego · Keysha Ericksen · Khina Neupane ·
Guanco · Jenny Halliday · Jenny Jackson · Jenny Kaur · Jenny Lane · Jenny Magsilang · Jenny                                 Khush Arora · Khush Pandher · Khushi Kiran · Kianna Wang · Kiely Buttell · Kiera Bradford · Kieran
Parker · Jenny Pasiol · Jenny Roux · Jenny Simons · Jenny Sommers · Jenny Thiele · Jenny Vaipapa                            Angus · Kieti Kalava · Kika Fosita · Kim Brougham · Kim Clarke · Kim Cunard · Kim Eland · Kim
· Jenny Wilson · Jenny Wood · Jenny Guo · Jenny Leader · Jenny Lee · Jep Anacleto · Jerald Isleta                           Grundmann · Kim Henry · Kim Housiaux · Kim Kim · Kim Manansala · Kim Shanly · Kim Wallace · Kim
· Jerald Sunto · Jeremy Moore · Jeremy Wood · Jeremy Fabio · Jeriah Balo · Jerlene Cruz · Jermae                            White · Kim Buere · Kim Chayag · Kim Mansell · Kim Nanscawen · Kimberlee Robertson · Kimberly
Aguilon · Jermaine Masangkay · Jerome Wong Yit · Jerry Santiago · Jerry Shi · Jeseena Varghese ·                            Bakian · Kimberly Libatog · Kimi Donaldson · Kimlea Howard · Kina Manuofetoa · Kinu Nagaya · Kira
Jesna Jose · Jess Bonustro · Jess Jacques · Jess Jellyman · Jess Jewell · Jess Kehoe · Jess                                 Wetere · Kiran Dhillon · Kiran Gudopp · Kiran Joseph · Kiran Joshi · Kiran Kataria · Kiran Kiran · Kiran
Kerrigan · Jess Lewis · Jess Malaque · Jess McKnight · Jess Morris · Jess Ross · Jess Nathan · Jessa                        Lata · Kiran Kaur · Kirandeep Basram · Kirandeep Kaur · Kirandeep Kaur · Kiri Henare · Kirk Lubos ·
Getuya · Jessa Cancio · Jessica Beer · Jessica Castro · Jessica Csengo · Jessica Martin · Jessica                           Kirsten Bell · Kirsten Liggett · Kirsten Merrett · Kirstin Charters · Kirstin Jenkinson · Kirstin Murdoch
Matheson · Jessica Rice · Jessica Taningco · Jessica Tonacao · Jessie Cresswell · Jessie Tang ·                             · Kirsty Gledhill · Kirsty Morris · Kisa Faauli · Kisa Tanuvasa · Kishore Kurian · Kit Montilla · Kitty
Jessie Chu · Jessie McKay · Jessy Arthur-Worsop · Jessy Kaur · Jesty Nelson · Jevy Badilla · Jez                            Tamayo · Klaire Young · Klarissa Dacyon · Kolotita Makalio · Komal Goundar · Komal Komal · Komal
Balaba · Jharmane Catolico · Jho Magon · Jhonaliza Detera · Jhong Solen · Jhunnelle Tabay · Jie Yu                          Patel · Komal Kaur · Korin Unka · Korinna Dela Cruz · Koshala Waduwatta · Kris Perkins · Krishma
Zeng · Jihan Mayor · Jiju Joy · Jil Chua · Jill Bailey · Jill Clark · Jill Gregson · Jill Hague · Jill Munro · Jill         Singh · Krishna Malcampo · Krishna Nagalla · Krissy Talavera · Krista Lee · Krister Borja · Kristie
Turner · Jill White-Northcroft · Jillian Cole · Jilsy Joy · Jim Otimi · Jima Ilagan · Jimaima Naikatini ·                   Limos · Kristin Cadavis-Khiathani · Kristina Bonsol · Kristina Thomas · Kristine Baring · Kristine
Jimmy Elliott · Jimmy Franks · Jimmy Silich · Jimmy Wei · Jimmy Clemente · Jince Jose · Jincy                               Bello · Kristine Dalauidao · Kristine Fegi · Kristine Llave · Kristine Ostrea · Kristine Pancho · Kristine
Jose · Jinell Fernandes · Jing Meipieza · Jingyi Yin · Jini Joy · Jinky Canlas · Jinky Romero · Jinsa                       Singh · Kristoff Bawayan · Krystal Manson · Krystal McDonald · Krystyna Bostrovas · KT Taylor ·
Joseph · Jinson Abraham · Jinu Thomas · Jiny Johny · Jismon Thomas · Jit Chhetri · Jizza                                    Kuini Tuala · Kulbhushan Kokate · Kuldip Singh · Kumar Mekala · Kurt Hiller · Kyamala Magar · Kyla
Lumantad · Jo Baker · Jo Campbell · Jo Cant · Jo Clare · Jo Craig · Jo De Los Angeles · Jo Dickson                          Ellis · Kyla Graf · Kyla van Heerden · Kyle Thomson · Kyle Winderlburn · Kylee George · Kylie
· Jo Goode · Jo Hunt · Jo Lim · Jo Luijk · Jo Nelson · Jo Rojo · Jo Seed · Jo Turner · Jo Villaester · Jo                   Campbell · Kylie Maxwell · Kylie Thomas · Kylie Dearing · Kylie Martin · Kym Faulkner · La Drew ·
Wix · Jo Anam · Jo Bando · Jo Base · Jo-An Alipin · Jo-Anne Keating · Jo-anne Buhler · Joan                                 La-Vonia Edlin · Lachmi Kanta · Ladine Hobson · Ladonna De Asis · Lady Canda · Lai Lai · Laiza
Cameron · Joan Erceg · Joan Lagman · Joan Lomibao · Joan Rubio · Joan Wilkins · Joana                                       Lambino · Laiza Peters · Lamar Aspinall · Lami Taua · Lana Boynton · Lana Fraser · Lana Tuipulotu
Caramoan · Joanna Forbes · Joanna Legall-Misikini · Joanna Nituma · Joanna Taylor-Spedding ·                                · Lance Clendon · Lance Fletcher · Lance Perham · Lancy Lawrence · Lanei Dimaano · Laney
Joanna Tekin · Joanne Batara · Joanne Eaton · Joanne Hart · Joanne McConchie · Joanne Ramirez                               Tomkins · Lanie Mabale · Lanna Schnetler · Lanson Teura · Lara Durand · Lara Giles · Lara
· Joanne Robinson · Joanne Satchwell · Joanne Steele · Joanne Wang · Joash Felipe · Joban Singh                             Formentera · Larissa Sedouch · Larissa Te Ao · Larissa Toelupe · Larry Montoya · Latchmi Murti ·
· Jobi Paul · Jocelyn Forster · Jocelyn Hansen · Jocelyn Infante · Jocelyn Josue · Jocelyn Lines ·                          Lateesha Douglas · Latileta Raikoti · Latoya Brownlee · Launiu Tuiloma · Laura Adams · Laura
Jocelyn Reyes · Jocelyn Taylor · Jodie Kirk · Jodie Robb · Jody Keating-Gorton · Joe Nio-Aporo ·                            Blunsdon · Laura Carrington · Laura Gare · Laura Hawkes · Laura Hollenback · Laura Lee · Laura
Joe Rooney · Joe Sturrock · Joe Suedad · Joe Won · Joe Muttumpurath · Joe Vas · Joeben Roxas ·                              Luague · Laura MacDonald · Laura Manalaysay · Laura McCracken · Laura Menzies · Laura Moffett
Joelle Coull · Joenita Florendo · Joey Bawas · Joey Weaver · Johan Barnard · Johanna Wood · John                            · Laura Quilter · Laura Richmond · Laura Taylor · Laura Walker · Laura Whicker · Laura Grigoli ·
Beuth · John Bland · John Caballero · John Daniels · John Entice · John Galliers · John Gavin · John                        Laurel Belworthy · Lauren Beaumont · Lauren Heyes · Lauren Siemelink · Lauren Strachan · Lauren
Goss · John Jenkins · John Miller · John Morris · John Munro · John Nayga · John Outten · John                              Wells · Lauren Baldock · Laurence Alojado · Laurence Llenes · Lavina Varghese · Lavinia Kelly ·
Poral · John Tate · John Taylor · John Van Turnhout · John Young · Johncy Joseph · Johnson Baby                             Lawale Baigern · Lawrence Manohara-Seelan · Lazel Nieto Baungally · Lea Brown · Lea Sullivan ·
· Jojo Archer · Jojo Diquit · Jolenie Zomil · Jomarie Guarnes · Jomy Jose · Jona Arganda · Jona                             Lea Valdez · Leah Bryan · Leah Hand · Leah Ouano · Leah Soliva · Leah Villanueva · Leah Villaruz-
Osmena · Jonah Llamas · Jonald Laurico · Jonathan Ball · Jonathan Barber · Jonathan Barrett ·                               Foo · Leah White · Leanna Harding · Leanne Ansell · Leanne Booth · Leanne Fabish · Leanne Gillie ·
Jonathan Campbell · Jonathan Santamaria · Jonathon Hean · Jone Seniceva · Jonelyn Valeroso ·                                Leanne Hunter · Leanne King · Leanne McFarlane · Leanne Nukunuku · Leanne O’Meara · Leanne




                                                                                                                      116
                                                                                           ANNUAL REP ORT 20 20




Paekau · Leanne Stewart · Leanne Watson · Leba Leqakowailutu · Ledina Dangol · Lee Hancock ·                               Freeman · Mary Gipsy · Mary Gonzales · Mary Jacob · Mary Jacobsen · Mary Kasperski · Mary
Lee Murray · Lee Parkhill · Lee Gao · Lee Rodgers · Leela Pathirannahelage · Leen Porathur · Leena                         Lusty · Mary Rongo · Mary Rosales-Shewring · Mary Sakay · Mary Shiju · Mary Tait · Mary Teei · Mary
Kumar · Leeza Stone · Lehanna Pio · Leia Bishop · Leigh Pakome · Leilane Alforo · Leilani Loibl-                           Thompson · Mary Vasaya · Mary Wagwag · Mary Ybanez · Mary Cho Aung · Mary Condino · Mary
Beach · Leis de’ Vernon · Leisa Brown · Leisha Prouse · Len Ferrer · Len Villabesa · Len Galate · Lena                     Ann Domingo · Mary Ann Noquilla · Mary Ann Velarde · Mary Jo Giray · Mary Joanne Santos · Mary-
Gawler · Lena Te Miha · Leo Salac Jr · Leo Dumagan · Leo Hahn · Leon van den Berg · Leonie                                 Anne MacAskill · Mary-Anne Stone · Maryanne Gilmore · Marybeth Perez · Marylyn Narayan ·
Johnson · Leonie Kebbell · Leonie Taylor · Leshani Gunawardana · Leshika Arachchige · Lesila                               Maryvonne Gray · Masayo Burke · Mason Walker · Mason Woods · Matakeu Timms · Mateja Brasic
Tamale · Lesley Crampton · Lesley Fulton · Lesley Harris · Lesley Pells · Lesley Rowe · Lesley Te                          · Mati Fryer · Matt Bell · Matt Christian · Matt Dalzell · Matt Fane · Matt Hutchinson · Matt Orr · Matt
Maiharoa-Sykes · Lesley West · Leslie Ortega · Lester Salvosa · Lester Toms · Letitia Corcoran ·                           Poskitt · Matt Sheehan · Matt Smith · Matt Southwick · Matt Wright · Matt de Jong · Matthew Brown
Leva Latu · Lewis Bradford · Lexi Du Machiavelli · Lez Pencz · Lezinnia Rumble · Li Hayman · Li Ma ·                       · Matthew Clay · Matthew Gowdy · Matthew Somosot · Mauree Parker · Maureen Barron · Maureen
Lia Pou · Liam Riddiford · Liane Kirwan · Lianne Woolford · Libby Allison · Libby Doran · Libby                            Glentworth · Maureen Johnson · Maureen Parsons · Maureen Mazanhi · Maurice Schroeder · Max
Esguerra · Lie Fiu · Liesl Kruger · Ligi Johnson · Ligi Pailikutty · Ligy John · Likhwa Sigola · Lila Patel ·              Muscroft · Max Robertson · May Campos · May Carinan · May Duong · May Magsino · May Poligrates
Lili Latu · Lili Loheni · Lili Talega · Lili Volpicelli · Lili Dong · Liliana Romero · Lill Wawatai · Lillian Lian         · May Raquepo · May Sino-Ag Sargento · May Bilalat · May De Los Santos · Maya Daniel · Maya
· Lily Elliott · Lily Forcadilla · Lily Genet · Lily Isleta · Lily Nicolescu · Lily Xiao Ying · Lima Ugapo · Lin           Prasad · Maybel Bumanglag · Maychelle Bechayda · Mayda Bromley · Maye Agdigos · Mayumi
McLaughlin · Lina Tafesse · Lina Tuimana · Lina Benedetti · Lincy Cheriyan · Lincy Fransis · Linda                         Shinzaki · Mayuri Mistry · Meagan Legakowailutu · Mealofa Faimalo · Meegan Potts · Meehee Kim ·
Burnside · Linda Churchill · Linda Duke · Linda Lockington · Linda Maharjan · Linda McGill · Linda                         Meena Meenakshi · Meenu Devasia · Meenu Jose · Meg Wooller · Megadryl Atas · Megan Ashton ·
McKee · Linda Odhiambo · Linda Pettigrew · Linda Reid · Linda Richards · Linda Russell · Linda                             Megan Burns · Megan Coffey · Megan Dempsey · Megan Fowlie · Megan Grey · Megan Knight ·
Skelton · Linda Soloman · Linda Street · Linda Tafutu · Linda Warren · Linda Yu · Linda Morey ·                            Megan Ryan · Megan Willis · Meghan Blackwell-Hart · Mei Boderick · Mei Yu · Meidy Maza · Meise
Lindsay Harrison · Lindsay O’Connor · Liny Mathew · Lionel Pillay · Lisa Carr · Lisa Crichton · Lisa                       Misa · Mel Aspinall · Mel Dickinson · Mel Hamlin-Tuck · Mel Jones · Mel Maxwell · Mel Warhurst · Mela
Gilligan · Lisa Humphrey · Lisa Leger · Lisa Marr · Lisa Mazey · Lisa More · Lisa Neiman · Lisa Ngatai                     Moceiwai · Melanie Asuncion · Melanie Harrison-Shipton · Melanie Reyes-Tagle · Melanie Woods ·
· Lisa Petersen · Lisa Raymond · Lisa Robinson · Lisa Ross · Lisa Sklenars · Lisa Walton · Lisa                            Melannie Marasigan · Mele Booth · Mele Ekenasio · Mele Leha · Mele Palelei · Mele Vi · Melesia
Whitcombe · Lisa Laforgia · Lisa Petana · Lisi Fifita · Lit-Lit Lacerna · Lita Naude · Liyana Bandara ·                    Kautai · Meliame Nimmo · Melina Darvish · Melina Vasu · Melinda Opray · Melinda Reside · Melis
Liz Beresford · Liz Berry · Liz Bradford · Liz Carmichael · Liz Close · Liz Dilger · Liz Gill · Liz Hampton                Casimiro · Melissa Caldwell · Melissa Carter · Melissa Cross · Melissa Escretor · Melissa Fluit ·
· Liz Hickling · Liz Keeman · Liz Manning · Liz Nancollis · Liz Penman · Liz Schofield · Liz Thrush · Liz                  Melissa Greentree · Melissa Knight · Melissa Muller · Melissa Allan · Melissa Wayland · Melita Tivalu
Wells · Liz Battersby · Liza Dong · Liza Hendry · Liza Liac · Liza Siano · Lizell Umayam · Lizeth                          · Melkame Kebede · Mellissa Page · Melvin Manglicmot · Mely Cruz · Memoree Wishart · Menaka
Monzalo · Lizz Read · Lizzy McKenzie · Ljubica Jotanovic · Lloyd Landiza · Loa Tuiolemotu · Lobesia                        Silva · Meng Meng · Mengyao Luo · Menik De Silva · Mennen Oebanda · Menno Blom · Mercy Olores
Bulicakau · Logan Fairbairn · Logan Foster · Logan Sears · Loida Malanyaon · Loida Zarandona ·                             · Mercy Ponniah · Mercy Sneddon · Mere Caginiveisaqa · Mere Korotuku · Mere Mana · Mere
Loids Dionela · Lois Battersby · Lois Chirume · Lois Partridge · Lois Tooley · Lolita Moraes · Lonita                      Manukonga · Mere Nasoli · Mere Tabataba · Mereani Boi · Meredith Fricker · Merewalesi
Tejano · Lordei Ledesma · Lorelle Brljevich · Loren De Chavia · Lorena Sadler · Lorenz Dela Cruz ·                         Rogasagasa · Meri Janevska · Merin Puthenthara Joy · Merin Sabu · Merin Thomas · Meriya Dias ·
Lorenza Macayba · Lori Christie · Lorie Anderson · Lorie Bantugan · Lormie Talape · Lorna                                  Merlin Varghese · Merlyn Clarke · Merlyn Raciles · Merree Harris · Merrin Jack · Merryl Espanol ·
Alcasabas · Lorna Carter · Lorna Jenkin · Lorraine Barcibal · Lorraine Dawson · Lorraine Hulse ·                           Meryll Totanes · Merz Maximo · Meserat Mulegata Cherente · Mezzy Bi · Mhel Agpaoa · Mhel
Lorraine Knight · Lorraine Leigh · Lorraine Masters · Lorraine Price · Lorraine Tippett · Lotis                            Bautista · Mhern Hatosa · Mi Chaw · Mia Azogue · Mia Wong Yit · Mia Gallao · Mia Mia · Miao Tian ·
Baldozano · Lotis Caranguian · Loto Foaese-Aiolupo · Lou Anisy · Lou Camargo · Lou Moyle · Louie                           Michael Aninon · Michael Apat · Michael Borostyan · Michael DePonte · Michael Esguerra · Michael
Cristobel · Louie Dalida · Louis Pettolino · Louis Rountree · Louis Wolmarans · Louisa Bradburg ·                          Gutierrez · Michael Ledama · Michael Malicse · Michael Maranan · Michael Masoe Milovale ·
Louise Caudwell · Louise Davies-Collins · Louise Dawson · Louise James · Louise Nicholas · Louise                          Michael Mitchelson · Michael Pascual · Michael Sanders · Michael Cummings · Michael Santos ·
Pudney · Louise Woods · Lourdaelee Yude · Lovaine Glariada · Lovely Bieles · Lovely Chauhan ·                              Michaela Claridge · Michaela Forgus · Michaela Benkova · Michaella Faaita · Michel Finocchiaro ·
Lovely Suarez · Lovepreet Kaur · Lovi Lavulo · Lu Southern · Lua Tauaneai · Luca Chiavola · Lucia                          Michele McAlinden · Michele Morrison · Michelle Abad · Michelle Barnard · Michelle Berridge ·
Aiga · Lucia Meyer · Luciano Lantieri · Lucinda Vosloo · Lucky Schuster · Lucky Shakya · Lucky                             Michelle Blackler · Michelle Blanchard · Michelle Canning · Michelle Cowan · Michelle Forgus ·
Karunakaran · Lucy Banaba · Lucy Bothwell · Lucy Caldwell · Lucy Fan · Lucy Jones · Lucy Kawana                            Michelle Forman · Michelle Garland · Michelle Greig · Michelle Houston · Michelle Kiel · Michelle
· Lucy Mataki · Lucy McLean · Lucy Melchert · Lucy Ryan · Lucy Uro · Lucy van Deursen · Lucy Weir                          Legaspi · Michelle Lewis · Michelle Lord-Roper · Michelle Oelofse · Michelle Paco · Michelle Parker
· Lucy Zengeni · Lucy Deng · Luis Leh · Luis Lencioni · Luisa Elisara · Luisa Filimoehala · Luisa                          · Michelle Perkins · Michelle Priest · Michelle Robinson · Michelle Sims · Michelle Stewart · Michelle
Rokotuiloma · Luisa Toaisi · Luisa Wilson · Luke Flynn-Mackenzie · Luke Hutchinson · Lupe Halafihi                         Sutherland · Michelle Tan · Michelle Tidey · Michelle Van der Park · Michelle Vermeer · Michelle
· Lupe Kaufusi · Lusiana Khan · Lusila Perez · Luz Pinili · Lydia Ford · Lydia Lophus · Lydia Simpson ·                    Wright · Michelle Attard · Michelle Child · Michelle D’Lima · Michelle McDonnell · Michelle Shaw ·
Lydia Morintat · Lylanie Latogan · Lylene Nuguid · Lyn Aragon · Lyn Brown · Lyn Elton · Lyn King · Lyn                     Michelle Ung · Mickey Espino · Miho Tomoike · Mika Reid · Mika Kato · Mikayla Miller · Mikayla Milne
Metran · Lyn Nickel · Lyn Nyenhuis · Lyn Smith · Lyn Zalavarria · Lynda Dean · Lynda Ellington ·                           · Mike Adair · Mike Arsenio · Mike Crawshaw · Mike Davidson · Mike Egden · Mike Gebbie · Mike
Lynda Goston · Lynda Hill · Lynda Reid · Lynda Schuler · Lynde DeAndres · Lyndon Harper ·                                  Grantham · Mike Munslow · Mike Narido · Mikey Pantaleon · Mikey Payumo · Mikoto Nakasuji · Mila
Lyndsay Richards · Lyndsey Craig · Lyndy Direen · Lynette Darling · Lynette Neale · Lynette Pido ·                         Biaukula · Mila Slavinskaya · Mildred Gaspar · Miles Pancho · Millie Edwards · Millie McKernan · Millie
Lynette Polley · Lynette Taylor · Lynley Ballantine · Lynley Gillies · Lynn Buist · Lynn Charlton · Lynn                   Stratta · Milly Bergshoeff · Milu Mathew · Min Cho · Min Kim · Min Choi · Min Lee Phang · Mindy
Garner · Lynn Kerekere · Lynn Matthews · Lynn Rollo · Lynne Bretherton · Lynne Domigan · Lynne                             Duggan · Minty Walia · Miraina Rimon · Mirasol Beattie · Miriam Johnston · Miriama Johnston ·
Kane · Lynne Lepoidevin · Lynne Peirse · Lynne Egging · Lynnere Henderson · Lynton Parkinson ·                             Miruna Karki · Misa Patterson · Mitali Patel · Mitch Luby · Mitchel Buresova · Mitchell Johnson ·
Lyree Sayers · Lyssa Foreman · Ma Kriezl Ramos · Ma’ata Mesui · Maaimoa Latu · Maan Singh ·                                Mitchell McCutcheon · Mitz Abucejo · MJ Basilio · Mlete Asfaw · Moana Fifita · Moana Martin · Modi
Mabel Mathews · MacKenzie Sameit · Maddie Anthony · Madelein Brooks · Madeleine Dela Rosa ·                                Shemi · Mohamad Bucua · Mohini Narayan · Mohini Olds · Molly Limpus · Molly Steel · Momena
Madeline Bedggood · Madelyn Premacio · Madelynne Casison · Madhu Singh · Madi Taylor · Mae                                 Begum · Mona Sami · Mona Singh · Monette Angadol · Monica Blanca · Monica Martir · Monica
Flores · Mae Resos · Mae Toreja · Maffy Coates · Mafi Manuhapai · Maggie Cornelio · Maggie Ma ·                            Relucio · Monika Monika · Monika Prasad · Monika Arora · Monima Thapa · Monique Awab ·
Maggie Malone · Maggie Roberts · Maggie Zhang · Maha Ramachandran · Mahal Gabionza · Maia                                  Monique Leeson · Monique Marshall · Monique Villalobos · Monita Mala · Monty Izard · Monu
Clare · Maia Scott-Wheeler · Maia Tagod · Mak Eketi · Makelesi Vula · Malcolm Tolman · Maleesa                             Pradhan · Moose Roris · Morag Davidson · Moreen Kaur · Morgan Davis · Morne Wium · Mouli
Daniel · Malia Carter · Malia Savelio · Mallory Currier · Malo Tauaneai · Mamata Gurung · Man Wai                          Liyanaarachchi · Mounata Shrestha · Mounika Bathula · Mousmi Bhaggal · Mufida Nisha · Muna
Fung · Manasa Mohan · Manda Ross · Mandeep Gill · Mandeep Kaur · Mandy Clutterbuck · Mandy                                 Nonu · Munah Miller · Munisha Rattan · Muriel Apablaza Navarrete · Murray Bain · Murray Parkes ·
Errington · Mandy Hemmingsen · Mandy Jiang · Mandy Sidhu · Mandy Tipoki · Mandy Uren · Mandy                               Mylah Morandarte · Mylen Lingaolingao · Mylene Bugo · Myles McGuire · Myra Attwood · Myra Gotz
Wright · Mandy Zhang · Mani Arora · Maninder Kaur · Manisha Baniya · Manisha Bhatia · Manisha                              · Myra Tonks · Myrna Tulloch · Myrtle Brown · Nadege Wan Riau · Nadia Heggland · Nadine Davis ·
Gurung · Manisha Mane · Manjali Abeysekara Mudiyanselage · Manjit Mahi · Manju Bothara · Manju                             Nafeeza Manga · Naima Faifai · Naina Benny · Naise Palusa · Najmoon Noorani · Nalanie Munasinghe
Benoy · Manjula Devi · Manmeet Kaur · Manohari Mendis · Manpreet Gill · Manpreet Kaur · Manpreet                           · Namiko Uehara · Namita Shyam · Namrata Joshi · Nancy Hayden · Nancy Watta · Nancy Wilson ·
Kaur · Manpreet Kaur · Manpreet Sekhon · Mantha Thou · Manu Brown · Manu Mathew · Manu                                     Nancy Taua · Nandani Chand · Nandika Silva · Nandini Ram · Nani Bulicakau · Nani Bulicakau · Nani
Sherchan · Manuela Jaramillo Gonzalez · Manwinder Sangha · Mara Hernando · Marama Lomia ·                                  Rokotuisuva · Nao Osato · Naoko Matsuo · Naomi Kaba · Naomi Keegan · Naomi Taylor · Naomi
Marama Terakoro · Marc Archbold · Marc Edmonds · Marc Ytom · Marc Booth · Marcela Fuentes                                  Tulaga · Naomi Whittam · Naomi Silva · Narmadha Dissanayake · Narumon Murray · Nash Van Wyk
Susatama · Marcia Bernardo · Marcia Geronimo · Marco Douglas · Marcus Cullen · Marcy Dolar ·                               · Nasib Kaur · Nat McIlwain · Natalei Down · Natalia Alves · Natalia Baeza Urrea · Natalia
Maree Crozier · Maree Getty · Maree Hughes · Maree McCorkindale · Maree Morris · Maree Ockwell                             Krouchinskaia · Natalia Poulsen-Smith · Natalie Boraston · Natalie Elliott · Natalie Finn · Natalie Fox
· Maree Parsons · Maree Vaile · Maree Washbourne · Maree Ramanauskas · Mareike Bohte · Marg                                · Natalie MacDonald · Natalie Saunders · Natalie Thomson · Natalie Grierson · Nataliya Tretyakova
Vicente · Marg Vince · Margaret Chambers · Margaret Haami · Margaret Hamilton · Margaret                                   · Natalya Holley · Natana Gisma · Natasha Henderson · Natasha Mileva · Natasha Rattray · Natasha
Lethbridge · Margaret Manebona · Margaret Manson · Margaret McMellon · Margaret Rakai ·                                    Speed · Natasha Fitzpatrick · Nathan Ellis · Nathan Ferrer · Nathan Hockey · Nathan Salanoa ·
Margaret Schollum · Margaret Ochwata · Margaret Osage · Margareth Cainto · Margaux Pelletier ·                             Nathan Tahi · Natnicha Sangsorn · Nav Hehar · Nav Kaur · Nav Singh · Navdeep Kaur · Naveen Allam
Margie Bell · Margo Beale · Margot Boock · Margot Taylor · Marguerite Leitch · Mari Gomes-                                 · Naveen Pasunooti · Navjeet Multani · Navjot Brar · Navjot Kaur · Navjot Noria · Navneet Kaur ·
Bradford · Mari Isnit · Maria Achari · Maria Aguilos · Maria Bautista · Maria Bayan · Maria Bentley ·                      Navneet Ladhar · Navneet Navneet · Neekayla McGimpsey · Neeru Barot · Neethu Maxin · Neethu
Maria Cavan · Maria Cuizon · Maria De Jesus-Brown · Maria Dorotan · Maria Duenas · Maria Flores                            Sebastian · Neethu Varghese · Neha Neha · Neil Davies · Neil Sears · Neil Watson · Neil Grinter · Nela
· Maria Fong · Maria Fuga · Maria Inocencio · Maria Isnit · Maria James · Maria Jarkiewicz · Maria                         Sepuloni · Nelly Chand · Nemo Arriola · Nena Aglosolos · Nena Balbis · Neneth Alicamen · Neri
Jordan · Maria Joseph · Maria Kurian · Maria Mathieson · Maria McNeilly · Maria Neill · Maria Nuval ·                      Macolbacol · Nessa Ojales · Nessa Renegado · Nett Taghoy · Nette Gabriel · Neville Dobson · Neville
Maria Oberholzer · Maria Ralawa · Maria Ramos · Maria Restrepo · Maria Rivera · Maria Salote ·                             Parkinson · Ngahuia Wetere · Ngaire Moreton · Ngaire Ria · Ngapine Popata · Ngas Gideon · Ngosi
Maria Te Runa · Maria Torralba · Maria Walker · Maria Warriner · Maria Bunsato · Maria Gregorio ·                          Smith-Licorish · Niamh McGuigan · Nibin Antony · Nic Thorpe · Nic Tolchard · Nicha Prachankhet ·
Marian Mansing · Marian De La Cruz · Marianel Miralles · Marianita Pelaez · Marianne Cobeldick ·                           Nicholas Kisina · Nick Frische · Nick Lamb · Nick Male · Nick Tully · Nicki Wilson · Nickie Tani · Nicky
Marianne Hernandez · Marianne Ventura · Maricel Angeles · Maricel Atienza · Marichelle Roxas ·                             Anderson · Nicky Bercich · Nicky Bezuidenhout · Nicky Crawford · Nicky Phillips · Nicky Ries · Nicky
Marichille Bandales · Marichu Calpo · Marichu Facundo · Marichu Siao · Maricor Suarez · Maricris                           Smith · Nicola Bowick · Nicola Fagan · Nicola Farrell · Nicola Keast · Nicola Martin · Nicola Mitchell ·
Mariano · Marie Aki · Marie Araneta · Marie Chandra · Marie Darling · Marie Deverell · Marie                               Nicola Steel · Nicola Tarleton · Nicole Dunn · Nicole Forster · Nicole Hickmott · Nicole Hurford ·
Domingue · Marie George · Marie Hodges · Marie Jenkins · Marie Kilby · Marie Kyle-Stevenson ·                              Nicole Ladino · Nicole Langman · Nicole Mills · Nicole Sombrea · Nicole Toomey · Nicole
Marie Percy · Marie Rutherford · Mariel Simblante · Mariela Durnhofer Rubolino · Marien Fabillar ·                         Trautvetter-Grodotzki · Nicole Uy · Nicole Yeatman · Nicy Abraham · Nida Hassan · Nidisha Shetty
Marietjie Schoeman · Marievan Tan · Marife Galvez · Marife Patterson · Marika Laflamme · Marilou                           · Nigel Connor · Nigel Megaw · Nigel Geonanga · Nik Ekdahl · Nika Lafaele · Niki De La Harpe · Niki
Callo · Marina John · Marina Orlova · Marina Turnbull · Marina Wildbore · Marion Jackson · Marion                          Veeran · Nikita Horan · Nikita McIntosh-Zuppicich · Nikita Van Niekerk · Nikka Bermejo · Nikki
Paquit · Marion Pawson · Marion Gordobe · Marion Ver Esguerra · Maris Taueki · Mariss Yamson ·                             Babbington · Nikki Garside · Nikki Hill · Nikki Johns · Nikki Kim · Nikki Kirner · Nikki Millar · Nikki
Marissa Hirawani · Marivic Sinio · Mariya Antony · Mariya Yacob · Marizz Maneng · Marjan                                   Wester · Nikki Yamson · Nikolai Balanski · Nila Jayasuriya · Nilda Pagba · Nileshni Devi · Nili Gyawali
Aghakarimi · Marjo Engel · Marjorie Gomez · Marjorie Masangkay · Mark Adams · Mark Cooley ·                                · Nilmini Rajapaksa · Nima Joseph · Nimfa Nanales · Nimi Jacob · Nimmy Abraham · Nimmy
Mark Cooper · Mark Dimaano · Mark Florendo · Mark Gela · Mark Harper · Mark Jerkovich · Mark                               Thomas · Nina Archvarin · Nina Kluge · Nina Melocotones · Nina Wozniak · Ninu Augusthy · Niraj
Ocampo · Mark Tippett · Mark Owens · Marko Meingassner · Marmyl Robson · Marnie Castillo ·                                 Khatiwada · Nirali Patel · Nirmala Sharma · Nirosa Perera · Niru Chouhan · Nisha Ismail · Nisha
Marnie Higgins · Marnie McKenzie · Marta Manicia · Martha Peka · Martin Greenfield · Martin Lau ·                          Thapa · Nishant Bhavsar · Nishi Hussein · Nita Yu · Nitah Rungroungkul · Nithila Thangamony · Nixie
Martin Westley · Martin Burns · Martine Meade · Martley Mitikulena · Martyn Osborn · Marvie                                Carter · Niyati Bhatt · Nizar Virani · Nochelle Visitacion · Noeleen Taliauli · Noeline Plowman ·
Rongavilla · Mary Boyce · Mary Buford · Mary Cyriac · Mary Dayto · Mary Domingo White · Mary                               Noeline Watson · Noema Leota · Noemie Flores · Nola Dyers · Nolene Percy · Nona Chase · Nonie




                                                                                                                     117
                                                                                     RY MAN HEALT HCARE



Alicamen · Nora Arango Bedoya · Nora Esplago · Nora Hankey · Nora Tjandrawidjaja · Noreen                          Rohini Gayakwad · Rohini Gurung · Rohini Lal · Rohini Lata · Rohini Lata · Rois Gracia · Rojina Dhakal
Zamora · Norman Beattie · Nozomi Niwa · Nuwan Rathanyake · Nyzza Gabor · Oakley Miller ·                           · Roland Altamia · Roma Tarranza · Romeo Villanueva · Romina Carangalan-Rosales · Romisha
Odessa Abellana · Odette Whitter · Ofa Lolohea · Oksana Kotlyar · Olga Fomina · Olive Balli · Oliver               Timsina · Rommel Galvez · Roms Ungab · Romy Wimalaratne · Ron Anand · Ron Ente · Ron Llanera
Konigstorfer · Oliver Korunic · Olivia Chiang · Olivia Clover · Olivia Ferrer · Olivia Gilmore · Olivia            · Rona Avila · Rona Mendoza · Rona Tabada · Ronald De Jesus · Ronaliza Labang · Ronalyn Alolor ·
Moorman · Olivia Stuart · Olivia Van de Klundert · Olivia Williams · Ollie Parvin · Oly Seryakova · Om             Ronalyn Corpuz · Ronee Kumar · Roni Mathew · Roni Mathew · Ronita Prasad · Ronna Torregosa ·
Prasad · Omar Damatac · Omkar Gadre · On Ou · Onanong Bunjumnong · Ondene Te Kahika ·                              Ronny Taane · Ronny Liew · Roop Bhullar · Roopa Roopa · Roopa Shetty · Rory Edwards · Rosa Tipa
Orada Wisatwongsa · Oreil Siketi · Oshanthi Maheshika Liyanage · Ossie Wiggill · Otep Sacristan ·                  · Rosa Zhang · Rosa Pendijito · Rosalind Hayhoe · Rosaria Manjala · Rosary Daquioag · Rose Avery ·
Otto Otto · Owen Duncan · Pabitra Gautam · Paewai Tume · Paige McFarlane · Paige-Ellen Field ·                     Rose Coulson · Rose Gabatan · Rose Jenkins · Rose Lawlor · Rose Noval · Rose Tabasan · Rose
Pallavi Pallavi · Pam Harliwich · Pam McCreedy · Pam Mino · Pam Mirk · Pam Mulder · Pam Regis ·                    Taylor · Rose Tom · Rose Williamson · Rose Kaur · Rose Velilla · Rosecilla Saulon · Roselee Mudalige
Pam Robbie · Pam Malang · Pami Kariyapperuma · Pankti Modh · Paola Adolfo · Paola Beltran ·                        · Roseline Sharma · Roselle Camatis · Roselle Plata · Roselle Rensulat · Rosemary Deane ·
Paolo Corrales · Paolo Robles · Pardeep Brar · Parm Kaur · Parmjit Kaur · Parvathy Nair · Parvati                  Rosemary Joy · Rosemary Yates · Rosette Jarabe · Roshan Calustre · Roshana Taylor · Roshila
Gandhi · Parveen Brar · Parveena Naicker · Parvinder Kaur · Parwati Kriletich · Parwinder Kaur ·                   Cherman · Roshmen Hussain Ali · Roshni Hicks · Roshni Jeet · Roshni Raja · Roshni Reddy · Rosie
Pasepa Veilofia · Pat Deady · Pat Mabunga · Pat McKee · Pat More · Pat Sleeman · Pat Turner ·                      Kestle · Rosie Malone · Rosie Neilson · Rosie Williams · Rosie Butler · Roslyn Prentice · Rosmin
Patricia Hewitt · Patricia Nand · Patricia Robles · Patty Khunkaew · Paul Blackler · Paul Boyle · Paul             George · Ross Bulling · Ross Duxfield · Ross Ireland · Ross Johanson · Ross Sutherland · Ross
Child · Paul Clark · Paul Dyack · Paul Guy · Paul Hooker · Paul Korunic · Paul Martillana · Paul Sutcliffe         Howes · Roula Yianakis · Rowena Amor · Rowena Birch · Rowena Daan · Rowena Hurtado · Rowena
· Paul Sutton · Paul Viernes · Paul Camania · Paul Gurr · Paul Lenette · Paula Fa’aoso · Paula Franklin            McCutchie · Rowena Newport · Rowena Poroa · Rowena Ramientas · Rowena Wood · Roxanne
· Paula Gutierrez · Paula Kennard · Paula Moyles · Paula Panckhurst · Paulette Sheehan · Paulina                   Balidio · Roxanne Rosquita · Roxy Saltmarsh · Rozana Drianti · Ruben Kumar · Ruby Beresford ·
Woch · Pauline Cody · Pauline Field · Pauline Gordon · Pauline Groves · Pauline Liao · Pauline Linton              Ruby Brar · Ruby Briede · Ruby Galviz · Ruby Johny · Ruby Mitchell · Ruby Kaur · Ruchi Thakur ·
· Pauline Murray · Pauline Nickson · Pauline Patterson · Pauline Robinson · Pauline Rousseaux ·                    Rudolph Sadaraka · Rufaro Ndoro · Rui Liu · Ruling Huang · Ruma Maharjan Gautam · Rupa Sherma
Pauline Waby · Paulini Singh · Paulo Moreira · Pavithra Gunarathna · Pawan Kumar · Paz Chan · Paz                  · Rupi Kaur · Rupinder Dhaliwal · Rupinder Kaur · Rupinder Kaur · Rupinder Kaur · Rupinderjit Kaur ·
Checchecan · Peachy Wee · Pearl Sharman · Pedro del Estal · Peggy Chao · Peggy Tonta · Pele                        Russell Dobson · Russell Reazon · Ruth Abad · Ruth Bullock · Ruth Donoghue · Ruth Gavey · Ruth
Vaaga · Pelise Muiaa · Penelope Stark · Peni Raroa · Penny Honey · Pepa Memea · Pepe Toe · Perla                   Makin · Ruth Murray · Ruth Waterhouse · Ruth Payumo · Ruthy Rabo · Ruthy Van Heerden · Ryan
Torreja · Persis Chavan · Pete Dayo · Peter Bellam · Peter Erian · Peter Hollins · Peter Macintosh ·               Bensberg · Ryan Evans · Ryan Junaid · Ryan Martinoli · Ryan Patron · Ryan Verbo · Ryan Winks ·
Peter Smith · Peter Gertos · Peter Jonson · Peter Whelan · Petra Klingbeil · Petrice Vincent · Petta               Rymel Polittude · Saakshi Sunnaina · Sabita Bhattarai · Sabitri Gajurel · Sabnam Pun · Sabrina
Danny · Pha Taylor · Phaidra Bastin-Lindsay · Phil Haynes · Phil Price · Phil Quartly · Philip Jackson-            Lamvohee · Sacha Young · Sadhana Devi · Sadhana Wati · Safaira Koto · Saggita Devi · Sai Ramisetti
Cox · Philip Mealings · Philip Spinks · Philippa White · Phill Larner · Phillipa A’Court · Phoebe                  · Saifun Nisha · Saijy Lijo · Sajana Shabin · Sajeeve Rajasuriya · Sake Kovuri · Sala Eastwood · Sala
Laureano · Phoebe Markham · Phoebe Neho · Phoebe Premacio · Phoebe Tumata · Phoebe                                 Manase · Sala Tagata · Salani Penisula · Saleem Richards · Salie Alcartado · Sally Haslam · Sally
Verdadero · Phoebie Wesche · Phoenix Alavisi-Rea · Pieta Valentine · Pieter Kruger · Pilar Merino                  Hayashi · Sally Itaea · Sally Johanson · Sally Mulitalo · Sally Rodgers · Sally Thomson · Sally Waldek
Neyra · Pinal Parmar · Pine Konelio · Ping Liu · Pinkal Patel · Pinki Thapa · Pinky Evangelista · Pinky            · Sally Veng · Salochana Naidu · Salosh Singh · Salote Salailagi · Salote Tuivakano · Sam Ahn · Sam
Paulino · Pip Capizzi · Pip Griffin · Pip Keenan · Pip Smith · Pip Wayne · Pippa Spencer · Pita Bhattarai          Arcus · Sam Bray · Sam Cassidy · Sam Hibbs · Sam Kennedy · Sam Kingsbury · Sam Logan · Sam
· PK Karan · Polly Maxwell · Polly Matheson · Poly Judicpa · Pooja Khokra · Pooja Patel · Poonam B K               Mahapure · Sam Manson · Sam Nicholls · Sam Pewhairangi-Stok · Sam Rakai · Sam Rusden · Sam
· Poonam Kumar · Poonam Mudliyar · Poonam Rani · Poonam Rani · Poppy Griffin-King · Portia                         Seal · Sam Shirkey · Sam Singh · Sam Te Nahu · Sam Thomlinson · Sam Thompson · Sam Tioro ·
Chatadza · Prabath Meegoda Gamage · Prabh Kaur · Prabh Kaur · Pracey Cheriyan · Prachi                             Sam Verbitsky · Sam Wheeler · Sam Woolford · Sam Tobias · Samantha Gleeson-Sargent ·
Didmishe · Pradip Khadka · Prajith Ramakrishnan · Prakash Singh · Praneel Singh · Pranisha                         Samantha Smart · Samara Hodges · Samara Liyanage · Sami Adhikari · Samiksha Dhakal · Samira
Shrestha · Prasita Prasannan · Prasob George · Pravin Singh · Precious Evangelista · Precy Bond ·                  Khan · Samista Subedi · Sammi Nelson · Sammi Zhang · Sammy Caffell · Samuel Cheah · Samuel
Preema Jose · Preena Davis · Preet Kaur · Preet Kaur · Preeti Preeti · Preetyka Prettyka · Prema                   Julian · Samuel Roberts · Samuel Shijo · Sandeep Kaur · Sandeep Kaur · Sandeep Kaur · Sandeep
Gavarriah · Premitha Silva · Preshmeen Reddy · Prince Pagtanac · Princess Tabay · Princess                         Sidhu · Sandeep Waraich · Sandeep Johal · Sandi Keen · Sandie Campbell · Sandie Eddy · Sandra
Catostos · Princy Xavier · Priscilla Francis · Priscilla Mihaere · Pritee Gurung Lama Lopchan · Priti              Adegbesan · Sandra Batten · Sandra Berridge · Sandra Champion · Sandra Chapman · Sandra
Devi · Pritika Chand · Pritika Devi · Pritisha Kumar · Priya Chand · Priya Drummond · Priya Goundar                Duckworth · Sandra Hendriks · Sandra Hodson · Sandra Houston · Sandra McGlade · Sandra
· Priya Prakash · Priya Reddy · Priya Sharma · Priya Sharma · Priyanka Joshi · Priyanka Tandon ·                   Officer · Sandra Rogers · Sandra Severinsen · Sandra Siakifilo · Sandra Stacey · Sandra Bacic ·
Priyanthi Perera · Prox Tiwari · Prudy Macdonald · Prue Langdon · Puja Malla · Punam Kafle · Purissa               Sanduni Fernando · Sandy Kaur · Sandy Kaur · Sandy Kaur · Sandy Paterson · Sandy Patterson ·
Abalo · Purnima Devi · Pushpa Balodi · Pushpa Rao · Qalo Kolinisau · Qin Xueqin · Queen Samosa ·                   Sandy Pihema · Sandy Burton · Sandy Kurukularatne · Sanet Schempers · Sangeeta Lata ·
Queenie Cabatingan · Queenie Taghap · Queenie Liu · Quentin Harvey · Rabyn Reveche · Rach Neill                    Sangeeta Sharma · Sangeeta Shrestha · Sanita Kumar Bai · Sanjana Khadka · Sanjana
· Rach Wates · Rachael Hanrahan · Rachael Hearn · Rachael Mason · Rachael Seyb · Rachael Tuhi ·                    Koroththazhekuni · Sanjay Rivera · Sanjaya Sidath Madhusanka · Sanjuni Thapa · Sanna McGavin ·
Rachael Van Aalst · Rachana Shrestha · Racheal Johnson · Racheal Trinidad · Rachel Alford ·                        Santa Prasad · Sanumol Antony · Sapana KC · Sara Fearnley · Sara Hodgson · Sara Kaur · Sara
Rachel Ang · Rachel Beattie · Rachel Binnie · Rachel Bulatiko · Rachel Cadzow · Rachel Clark ·                     McCunnie · Sara Mihaila · Sara Vahua · Sara Kuruvila · Sarab Kaur · Sarah Affleck · Sarah Ajmair
Rachel Garrard · Rachel Hanson · Rachel James · Rachel Kubala · Rachel Lalor · Rachel Lim ·                        Singh · Sarah Aloria · Sarah Andrews · Sarah Arps · Sarah Campbell · Sarah Davis · Sarah Direen ·
Rachel Llido · Rachel McIvor · Rachel Pay · Rachel Smedley · Rachel Smith · Rachel Stansbury ·                     Sarah Ellis · Sarah Farrell · Sarah Henderson · Sarah Keane · Sarah Kilduff · Sarah Kim · Sarah Kitto
Rachel Wangui · Rachel Williams · Rachelle Jones · Rachna Mahesh · Radhika Lingam · Radhika                        · Sarah Laiz · Sarah Leaf · Sarah Lomax · Sarah Lovelady · Sarah Maxwell · Sarah Mondejar · Sarah
Reddy · Raewyn Bishop · Raewyn Greene · Raewyn McLachlan · Raewyn Redfern · Raewyn Sides ·                         Reid · Sarah Saies · Sarah Schmidt · Sarah Sinclair · Sarah Taylor · Sarah Tomas · Sarah Vesi · Sarah
Raewyn Slade · Raewyn Taylor · Raewyn Ward · Raewyn Woolliams · Raewyn Wright · Raewynne                           Vivian · Sarah Deal · Sarah Guo · Sarah Munoz · Sarah Walsh · Saras Kumar · Saravjeet Kaur · Sarda
Daly · Raf Lachica · Rafelle Tantia · Ragni Lata · Rahat Arif · Rahul Suresh · Raina Singh · Raissa                Gounder · Sarika Asokan · Sarika Prasad · Sarina Hubber · Sarina Shrestha · Sarit Epshteyn · Sarita
Manicad · Raj Balamysi · Raj Grewal · Raj Kaur · Raj Radhakrishnan · Raj Velumula · Raj Kaur · Raja                Kumar · Sarita Prasad · Saritha Baiju · Saritha Kaithavalappil · Saritha Mathew · Saroj Chauhan ·
Thirumugam · Rajan Kumar · Rajani Acharya · Rajbir Kaur · Raji Naguleswaran · Rajneel Shankar ·                    Sarojitharai Srikanthan · Sarojni Sarojni · Sarojni Kumar · Saru Shrestha · Sasha Laiz · Sashi
Rajni Punia · Rajveer Brar · Rajvir Kaur · Rajwinder Kaur · Rajwinder Kaur · Raken Abiteti · Ralph                 Bhandari · Sashi Hutchins · Sashi Lata · Sashi Prasad · Sasi Chakrapani · Saskia Edwards Ellis ·
Cayanan · Ralph Lee · Ram Martir · Ram Amancio · Rama Niroula · Raman Bhuller · Raman Gill ·                       Saskia Hannink · Satbir Kaur · Satinder Kaur · Sau Atinae · Sau Basnet · Savannah Kemp · Savita
Raman Kaur · Raman Kaur · Raman Kaur · Raman Singh · Ramandeep Kaur · Ramandeep Kaur ·                             Kumari · Savita Reddy · Savitri Naidu · Savitri Naidu · Sayo Pereppadan · Scott Baylis · Scott
Ramandeep Kaur · Ramandeep Sharma · Ramanpreet Dhillon · Ramanpreet Syal · Rami Toataua ·                          Crawford · Scott Jones · Scott McGregor · Scott Saunders · Scott Wallace · Scott Perry · Scotty
Ramil Francisco · Ramona Paipa · Ramya Bellam · Randeep Kaur · Randeep Kaur Parihar ·                              Redmond · Sean Crosby · Sean Jenkins · Sean Ortuoste · Sean Morgan · Sean Sevilla · Seannice
Randolph Colas · Ranjana Gurung · Ranjeeta Krishna · Ranjit Kaur · Ranjit Kaur · Ranjutha Yogarasa                 Caliboso · Seekku Silva · Seema Parmar · Seetha Mwashomah · Segundo Funcion · Seirosa Fakaofo
· Rano Ramamma · Raoul Bravo · Raquel Bibal · Raquel Rapp · Rasanjana Kumarasinghe · Rashmi                        · Selene Patterson · Selina Khatun · Senijiale Fuakilau · Seniya Sebastian · Senjalin Shankar ·
Gurung · Rashmika Senevirathne · Raven Bitancor · Ravi Kothuru · Rawinia Tahi · Ray Fairbairn ·                    Senolita Vea · Septa Welin · Sequoia Aitken · Sera Kaliopasi · Serah Wong · Sereana Kacunisawana
Raya Aganon · Raymond Laws · Razia Ali · Raziya Nisha · Razyl Canlas · Rebecca Burgess ·                           · Sereana White · Serema Saxe · Serge Hollis · Sesilia Lafaialii · Seu Silipa · Sha Bolivar · Sha Panapa
Rebecca Croudace · Rebecca Fielding · Rebecca Hart · Rebecca Hill-Van Der Merwe · Rebecca                          · Sha Terrobias · Shabana Jawaid · Shabin Basheer · Shabnam Ali · Shaby Wilde · Shah Silerio · Shai
Keen · Rebecca Knell · Rebecca Little · Rebecca Lomax · Rebecca Mansell · Rebecca McMillan ·                       Venkitachalam · Shai Castro · Shairin Begum · Shaleeni Goundan · Shalesni Kumari · Shalia Hussain
Rebecca Mushet · Rebecca Orr · Rebecca Schumacher · Rebecca Troon · Rebecca Waine ·                                · Shalika Wijethilaka · Shalimar Bawayan · Shalini Shah · Shaly Lazer · Shameena Abdurahiman ·
Rebecca Wells · Rebekah Mercer · Rechelle Gonzales · Reema Devi · Reena Chandar · Reena                            Shamshad Begum · Shamsun Partap · Shanaya Te Runa · Shane Fairbairn · Shane Vargas · Shane
Kumar · Reena Maisuria · Reena Waiba · Reet Mann · Reeta Singh · Reeve Lithgow · Regina Gounder                    Grinter · Shani Rathnayaka · Shanika Mudiyanselage · Shannen Stephen-Purdie · Shanno Chand ·
· Rehana Sharif · Reid McLeay · Reina Bonaobra · Reina Manten · Reina Saludares · Rejena Galimba                   Shannon Butler · Shannon Conway · Shanthi Fernando · Shanthy Gopal · Shanti Prasad · Shaqueena
· Rejena Lazar · Rekha Dawson · Rekha Mohanan · Rekha Ramanath · Rekha Rekha · Remi Strijbis ·                     Kerr · Sharalyn Pomare · Sharan Brar · Sharan Kaur · Sharandeep Kaur · Shareen Devi · Shareene
Remya Rajagopal · Ren Abarca · Rena Allen · Rena Hawe · Rene Bryant · Rene Lagahit · Renee                         McKinnon · Sharl Absin · Sharleen Gounder · Sharlene Garcia · Sharlene Peters · Sharmaine Nieves
Mahe · Renee Perreau · Renee Sharp · Renee Tauwhare · Renestien Paracha · Renisha Senchyury ·                      · Sharmila Prasad · Sharmila Sharma · Sharn Unka · Sharnie Hagger · Sharon Armstrong · Sharon
Renjith Pariyarath Raveendran Nair · Renuka Gounder · Renuka Kant · Renuka Renuka · Reshma                         Balsom · Sharon Chapman · Sharon Denniston · Sharon Grogan · Sharon Hamlyn · Sharon
Joseph · Reshma Mala · Reshma Mathew · Reshma Moolayil · Reshma Scott · Reshmi Lata · Reshmi                       Henderson · Sharon Jackson · Sharon McDonald · Sharon Ritchie · Sharon Tainui · Sharon Wilton ·
Narayan · Reshmi Rao · Ressa Larkin · Reuben Andrew · Reuben Mahendran · Revlin Ratishma · Rey                     Sharron Lamb · Sharron Neale · Sharyn Kennedy · Sharyn Ward · Sharyn Weightman · Shashi Lata
Pugosa · Reydun Kihi · Reyn Dilag · Rhianne Overell · Rhona Miranda · Rhonda Evans · Rhose Anoy                    · Shashi Singh · Shaun Bhondi · Shaun Kennedy · Shaun Steele · Shayal Naidu · Shayne Harper ·
· Rhyarna Batchelor · Ria Chaudhuri · Ria Grewal · Ria Jamin · Riana van Niekerk · Riarawa Tematau                 Shayne Macarubbo · Shayra Antolin · Shazneen Bi · Sheen Reyes · Sheena David · Sheena Kataria
· Ric Bonacua · Ricardo Onate · Ricardo Pureza · Richa Sharma · Richard Bennett · Richard Crane ·                  · Sheena Morgan · Sheena Taki · Sheena Wiel · Sheena Villa · Sheenal Singh · Sheenly Tilos ·
Richard Crump · Richard Sherrell · Richard Chisholm · Riche Campaniel · Richelle Martin · Richelle                 Sheethal Joseph · Sheevey Quezon · Sheila Bascara · Sheila Gamboa · Sheila Opena · Shellden
Mission · Richelle Villanueva · Richie Batt · Richie Cronin · Richie Ouano · Rick Anderson · Rick                  Kruyff · Shelley Austin · Shelley Ferguson · Shelley Harris · Shelley Jemmett · Shelley Lester · Shelly
Davies · Ricky Bruining · Ricky Ciobanu · Riffy Jahan-Khan · Riji Johny · Rika Kawakami · Riki Dobbs               Mani · Shelomy Dollaga · Shemery Sevilleno · Shenal Shivasani · Shenan Ranasinghe · Sheng
· Rikita Kunwar · Rikki Sran · Rina Situmorang · Rio Lagahit · Risharne Clark · Rishi Kumar · Rishi                Puguon · Sheniel Sen · Shequille Stewart · Sherine Megula · Sheron Kaur · Sheron Perera · Sherree
Mangalat Kokkodan · Rita Aballog · Rita Connolly · Rita Neves · Rita Emmett · Ritty Abraham · Ritu                 Wilson · Sherry Janagal · Sherryl Sy · Shery Mercado · Sheryl Aguarilles · Sheryl Cosep · Sheryl
Devi · Ritu Sami · Riya Augustian · Riya Darshani Ram · Riya George · Riya Mahna · Rizza Moron ·                   Dennison · Sheryl Keen · Sheryl Morris · Sheryll Verga · Shey Landiza · Shiela Bendal · Shiela Llameg
Rob Carter · Rob Miller · Rob Mita · Rob Prior · Rob Shone · Rob Maier · Robbie Blair · Robbie Muller              · Shiela Nebalga · Shiella Alvarez · Shiena Atilano · Shiho Minomo · Shija Koirala · Shikha Shikha ·
· Robert Cradock · Robert Gallagher · Robert Honoridez · Roberta Baxendale · Roberta Campbell ·                    Shikha Verma · Shiksha Grover · Shinaai Schroeder · Shingi Utete · Shirley Bakulich · Shirley Bucua
Robyn Elder · Robyn Kerr · Robyn McCracken · Robyn Murray · Robyn O’Regan · Robyn Sullivan ·                       · Shirley Goodall · Shirley Krishna · Shirley Lagavakatini · Shirley Pan · Shivangika Ashok · Shivangni
Robyn Thompson · Robyn Tomkins · Robyn Tutton · Rochelle Bibal · Rochelle Cohen · Rochelle                         Prusad · Shivani Gounder · Shivani Maharaj · Shivani Shivani · Shivika Sharma · Shiwangni Prasad ·
Concha · Rochelle Craigie-Whitta · Rochelle Davis · Rochelle Hart · Rochelle Kara · Rochelle Li ·                  Shobna Kumar · Shom Lata · Shon Frater · Shona Bayliss · Shona Cook · Shona Newman · Shoncey
Rochelle McIntyre · Rochelle Taylor · Rocky Atendido · Rod Quan · Roddy Sangalang · Rodela                         O’Brien · Shontelle Cockerill-Doerschel · Shraddha Maharjan · Shree Gandhi · Shreta Chand ·
Caldea · Rody Abuan · Roger Nuttall · Roger Rolls · Roger Thorpe · Rohan Natekar · Rohini Devi ·                   Shruti Sharma · Shuaybah Aaliya · Shuba Selvaraj · Shun Lu · Shunyi Zhang · Shuvayi Mbewe ·




                                                                                                             118
                                                                                     ANNUAL REP ORT 20 20



Shweta Bawlekar · Shweta Devi · Shweta Prasad · Shweta Raheja · Shy Thomas · Shyani                                 Nguyen · Thushari Withanage · Thy Vuong · Tiana Kelbel · Tiau Itaaka · Tiffa Jumao-As · Tiffany
Weerawansa · Shyji Sebastian · Shyna Boock · Shyrene Bechoo · Shyy Foster · Sia Anand · Sia                         Grant · Tiffany Hamilton · Tigi Thomas · Tillie Laufiso · Tim Garlick · Tim Goodwin · Tim Reid · Tim
Kaufusi · Sia Palusa · Sianne Pinto · Sid Chandla · Sid Singh · Sidhart Kumar · Siga Parker · Sigas Bose            Reihana · Tim Rickards · Tim Haworth · Tin Novilla · Tin Tagle · Tin Tin Borres · Tin-Tin Ladisla · Tina
· Sigfred Lagajino · Sigi Wiese · Sigin Pullemkunnel · Siliva Samuelu · Silva Evangelista · Silvy Thomas            Aston · Tina Baricuatro · Tina Barnett-Peretini · Tina Castro Herrera · Tina Healy · Tina Jayaweera
· Simi John · Simi Verma · Simin Alipour · Simon Emett · Simon Jantke · Simon Lee · Simon Allan ·                   Dias · Tina Mateo · Tina McNally · Tina Schwenke · Tina Soutar · Tina Strahl · Tina Thomson · Tino
Simon Judge · Simona Wallwork · Simone Blandford · Simone Donahue · Simone Taylor · Simone                          Arcari · Tintu Thomas · Tipene Cooper · Tisa Gopal · Tish Dixon · Tita Diamante · Tittu Thomas ·
Khatri · Simran Kaur Sra · Sina Aaifou · Sina Afamasaga · Sini Gibu Joseph · Sini Jose · Siobhan                    Todd Clayton · Todd Weir · Toka Toawea · Tokasa Vakaloloma · Tola Sam · Tom Bright · Tom
Solofuti · Sione Tonga · Sipa Kiko · Sirisuda Charoensak · Sisi Fine · Sisi Tawake · Sisilia Siaki · Siteri         Brownrigg · Tom Farrell · Tom Goodman · Tom Mantle- Chadfield · Tom Zaugg · Tom Karamalis ·
Kama · Siteri Nava · Siu Tapaevalu · Smitha Devadas · Smitha Joshy · Smitha Pulickakunnel Joseph                    Tom Robinson · Tom Saunders · Tomirose Dela Cruz · Tommy Quinn · Toni Bestow · Toni Campbell
· Snap Venturanza · Snezhana Bubnova · Snower Singh · Sobin Stephen · Sofia Faagutu · Sofin                         · Toni Cochrane · Toni McNamara · Toni Pasco · Toni Walker · Tonia Shakhova · Tony Bell · Tony
Mohammed · Soji Simon · Solo Tonga · Solomon Dias · Somkhit Lightbourne · Sonia Barrett · Sonia                     Burke · Tony Cassidy · Tony Howarth · Tony Killip · Tony Thomas · Tony Villanueva · Tony Zinsli ·
Bonaobra · Sonia Cuasito · Sonia McMartin · Sonia Peter · Sonia Sharma · Sonia Vincent · Sonia                      Topsy Reynolds · Tory Hamilton · Toto Ajawas · Tracey Campen · Tracey Cheshire · Tracey Clapp ·
Welch · Sonia Wilson · Sonika Kissun · Sonika Prasad · Sonika Sharma · Soniya Alex · Soniya Magar                   Tracey Dewes · Tracey Dunn · Tracey Henricksen · Tracey Irvine · Tracey Lord · Tracey McCauley ·
· Sonja Karon · Sonjeet Brar · Sony Paul · Sonya Denton · Sonya Dunlop · Sonya Field · Sonya Overy                  Tracey McCullough · Tracey McIndoe · Tracey Moncur · Tracey Vertigan · Tracy Elliott · Tracy Kemp
· Sonya Pama · Sonya Patey · Sonya Brown · Sonya Tikoduadua · Sookie Magallones · Sophia Shan                       · Tracy Mahoney · Tracy McLeod · Tracy Quill · Tracy Webster · Tracy Wickman · Trav Maaka · Travis
· Sophia Tang · Sophia Zhang · Sophie Devi · Sophie Iceton · Sophie Koroniadis · Sophie Marsland-                   Cocks · Tressa Thomas · Trevor Gray · Trey Garlick · Tricia Burns · Tricia Wright · Tricina Lacey ·
Smith · Sophie McMillan · Sophie Miller · Sophie Reade · Sova Nairoroi · Sovandy Kou · Spencer                      Trina Michelle · Trina Rountree · Trini Humphrey · Trish Coker · Trish De Jong · Trish Murray · Trish
Burchell · Stacey Hancock · Stacey Woollam · Staf Ormsby · Stan Bickerton · Star Reyes · Starra                     Tallott · Trish Warren · Trish Weke · Trish Windle · Trish Harris · Trisha Valdrez · Trishna Chand · Troy
Wood · Stef Dudek · Stefanie Quine Mannix · Stella Bogitini · Stella Keogh · Stella Wong Mok · Steph                Noronha · Troy Tapsell · Trudi Martin · Trudi McNamara · Trudi Wilkinson · Trudy Royfee · Trudy
Cawte · Steph Griffin · Steph Townshend · Steph Villarin · Steph Young · Stephanie Chen · Stephanie                 Shepard · Trudy Stark · Tsana Cowling · Tsitsi Marimi · Tua Brown · Tua’a Simone · Tui Duffull · Tuualii
Hechter · Stephanie Kara · Stephanie Vincent · Stephanie Weller · Stephanie Broadhurst · Stephen                    Finai · Ty Hadfield · Tyla MacDonald · Tyra Berryman · Tyrah Aspinall · Tyrone Healy · Ubbie Kooma
Browning · Stephen Cartwright · Stephen De Jonge · Stephen Denvers · Stephen Dickson · Stephen                      · Udara Wickramaratne · Ulric Bawayan · Ulysses Patrick Estrellada · Uma Kumar · Umang Baldaniya
Hammond · Stephen Pitcher · Stephen Radburn · Stephen Tabangcura · Stephen Shadbolt · Stephy                        · Una Liavaa · Ungatea Fakaosiula · Unnti Madaan · Upekha Fernando · Usha Subba · Uyen Tran ·
Joy · Steve Baker · Steve Bryan · Steve Caudwell · Steve Clark · Steve Cobden-Cox · Steve Cotter ·                  Uzma Zaveeri · Vah Barinisavu · Vaisakh Bijukumar · Val Abarquez · Val Aitken · Val Rangelova · Val
Steve Edwards · Steve Jennings · Steve Ludford · Steve McCaig · Steve Potter · Steve Taylor ·                       Spalding · Val Vander Byl · Van Go · Vandana Kazal · Vandana Narayan · Vandana Pillay · Vanessa
Steven Tamayo Restrepo · Stevie Gideon-Scurrah · Stevie Taiwhati · Storm Raharuhi · Stu Oostdam                     Andrews · Vanessa Capistrano · Vanessa Claridge · Vanessa Hallett-Free · Vanessa Jeng · Vanessa
· Stuart Williams · Subhadra Thakuri Sapkota · Subhnam Khan · Suchada Jarupongpimarn ·                              Jinayon · Vanessa Manozo · Vanessa Neilson · Vanessa Papa · Vanessa Ranger · Vanessa Semu ·
Sudhakar Sudarsanam · Sue Adamson · Sue Bovey · Sue Claxton · Sue Clifton · Sue Coventry · Sue                      Vanessa Tang · Vaneza Narsico · Vannida Kheng · Vannz Puleitu · Vara Nailawe · Varinder Singh ·
De Freitas · Sue Frew · Sue Gemmell · Sue Hammond · Sue Healey · Sue Horan · Sue Hurcomb · Sue                      Varun Dayal · Vasga Naidu · Vasu Sharma · Veda Kantayapalam · Vee Zhupikova · Veena Prabha ·
Kaur · Sue Knight · Sue Liang · Sue Massie · Sue Miller · Sue O’Brien · Sue O’Malley · Sue Pham · Sue               Veer Kaur · Veerpal Kaur · Ven Thite · Venice Sayson · Venina Rauma · Venus Conag-Ochea · Venus
Sloan · Sue Stace · Sue Su · Sue Tan · Sue Taylor · Sue Torrie · Sue Wickham · Sue Williams · Sue Kim               Kitiona · Vera Go · Vera Karauia · Vera Kocon · Verna Jacobs Douglas · Verna Mepana · Veronica
· Sui Lavea · Sujan Sapkota · Sujana John · Sujee Shrestha · Sujith Vijayan · Sujitha Pallissery · Sukh             Basinang · Veronica Freire · Veronica Santos · Vett Ramos · Vianka Montero · Vic Scanlan · Vicki
Rai · Sukhdeep Gill · Sukhe Khati · Sukhleen Kaur · Sukhmeet Kaur · Sukhpal Sandhu · Sultan                         Burt · Vicki Leggett · Vicki McLennan · Vicki Mokalei · Vicki Payne · Vicki Taylor · Vicki Webb · Vicki
Salauddin · Suman Lata · Sumeet Sandhu · Sumi Nand · Sumi Renjith · Sumitha Raju Pottayil ·                         Young · Vicky Boswell · Vicky Bourner · Vicky Brown · Vicky Lilley · Vicky Miguel · Vicky Sel-Ayen ·
Sumitra Shrestha · Sumnina Poudel · Sun Son · Suna Rijal · Sundar Subedi · Sunita Ghimire · Sunita                  Vicky Tunnell · Vicky Veeran · Vicky Weekley · Vicky Woodgyer · Vicky Zhang · Vicsha Cabanero ·
Pun · Sunita Sami · Sunita Swarnakar · Sunitha Dsouza · Sunny Sandeep · Sunny Singh · Sunshine                      Victor David · Victoria Brevoort · Victoria Dalpatan · Victoria Nand · Victoria Slade · Vidya Wati ·
Tarcelo · Sunshine Ramirez · Supriya Shrestha · Suresh Unka · Surinder Kaur · Surinder Kaur · Susan                 Vijay Gounder · Vijay Khadka · Vijay Kumar · Vijay Lachmi · Vijimol Binter · Vikashni Prasad · Viki
Bacod · Susan Baird · Susan Bekker · Susan Brett · Susan Brister · Susan Crozier · Susan Dong ·                     Jenkin · Vikki Searle · Vilma Cahis · Vimal Kaur · Vimesha Ramanayake · Vimla Wati · Vin Asalele ·
Susan Henderson · Susan Hughes · Susan MacLean · Susan Mala · Susan Potter · Susan Rae · Susan                      Vince Santoro · Vineetha Vavachen · Vinita Nand · Vinny Naikau · Vipi Vasu · Vir Villacorta Jr. ·
Sainsbury · Susan Sangalang · Susan Spittal · Susan Brient · Susanne Boehm · Sushan Rijal · Sushila                 Virginia Bryan · Virginia Makore · Vishnu Prabhakaran · Vishnu Somasundranpillai · Vita Furche-
Kumari · Susi Alefosio · Susie Alayne · Susie de Vaney · Susie Magallones · Susinder Rajendran ·                    Degener · Vittoria Salvatierra · Viv Nixon-Mead · Viv Sayson · Vivien Abbott · Vivien Noel · Vladimir
Susmita Chhetri · Suzanna Allan · Suzanne Elliott · Suzanne Fisher · Suzanne Gain · Suzanne Mason                   Mackevic · Von Banzon · Wai Baker-Taumata · Waima Ratana · Wan Yaemkul · Wanfei Cao · Warren
· Suzanne Wells · Suzanne Wilkinson · Suzette Nuyda · Suzette Otacan · Suzleen Lata · Suzy Gibbs ·                  Clare · Warren Lee · Warwick Collett · Wati Saravaki · Wayne Blazey · Wayne Clark · Weena Aglugub
Swastika Kumar · Swathy Dev · Swati Sharma · Sweety George · Sylveniya Dayal · Sylvia Consadine                     · Weena Evora · Wei Chen · Wen Wang · Wendy Boyes · Wendy Chinh · Wendy Gordon · Wendy
· Syvelle Baricuatro · Tagi Yabakirua · Tahmina Rahman · Tai Hooper · Taina Tuipulotu · Tala TePairi                Hamilton · Wendy Harris · Wendy Hern · Wendy Johnstone · Wendy Kaka · Wendy Kappler · Wendy
· Tala Vea · Talai Ati · Talei Murray · Talia Bebeia · Tama Hohipa · Tamara Bradford · Tamara Price ·               Laurie · Wendy MacDonald · Wendy Miller · Wendy Mutepfa · Wendy Taylor · Wendy Tran · Wendy
Tamara Billing · Tami Trow · Tamsin Eldridge · Tamsyn Davies · Tangi Ohuka · Tangi Takitaki · Tania                 Turner · Wendy Gacayan · Wenna Barrido · Wesi Singh · Wharenikau Hing · Whela King · Whetu
Boyd · Tania Hapi · Tania Johnston · Tania Lilley · Tania Lister · Tania Palomino Vargas · Tania Papple             Maniapoto · Wiian Bundalian · Wil Borres · Wil Yoro · Wilhelmina Bloem · Will Eason · Will Locking ·
· Tania Taylor · Tania Walker · Tanya Lombardi · Tanya Mandeya · Tanya Swart · Tanya Waters ·                       Will Watson · Will Alejandro · William Schultz · William See · Wilma Barnard · Wilna Junio · Wilna van
Taonga Mtonga · Tapa Vaofusi · Tara Berkett · Tara Clark · Tarien van Aswegen · Tarn Gardner ·                      Heerden · Win Win Kyi · Winnie Winstanley · Winston Wiggill · Wyeclife Faaoso · Wyndham Tapsell ·
Tarnz Morrison · Tarsh Harnett · Taryn Eagle · Taryn Jonasen · Tash Brightwell · Tash Richardson ·                  Xandi Konigstorfer · Xavier Loretz · Ximena Lecourt · Yam Karki · Yamuna De Silva · Yan Luo · Yan
Tash Waddell · Tasha Tearea · Tau Faatoto Malaga · Tayla Anderson · Tayla Beck · Tayla Wiperi ·                     Wang · Yan Zhang · Yancey Valoria · Yani Encarnacion · Yanjana Limbu · Yanping Liu · Yaowapa
Taylah Williams · Taylar Coates · Taylor Allison · Taylor Coetzee · Taylor Lawson-Smith · Taylor                    Somjitsakul · Yasasmi Basnayake · Yashna Prasad · Yasmin Asia · Yasmin Fuller · Yen Huang · Yeshi
Murphy-Peters · Tayyaba Latif · Te Kopa Reedy · Te Rangi White · Tee Rakena · Teele Prints · Teenu                  Khatiwoda · Yeshni Rai · Yin Huang · Yin Yin Huang · Ynys Cadogan · Yodi Uyod · Yok Wongsa ·
Skaria · Tehanie Azcona · Tek Namoori · Tekai Tuneti · Telma Tom · Temi Fayomi · Tenille Pickett ·                  Yolanda Acebedo · Yongxin Hanright · Yoshi Donnelly · Yra Diez · Yuki Maeda · Yukie Nakano ·
Tennille McGrath-Mamea · Tenny Thomas · Terena Anderson-Ramsey · Teresa Bakewell · Teresa                           Yukiko Falchi · Yulia Lucas · Yuting Guo · Yvette Pearl · Yvonne Carter · Yvonne Murray · Yvonne Na
Churchill · Teresa Jurkiewicz · Teresa Sinclair · Teresa Turner · Teresa Young · Terese Izquierdo ·                 · Yvonne Pascua · Yvonne Robinson · Yvonne Bourassa · Zac Wynd · Zadie Wickremasinghe ·
Teressa Matthews · Terikano Tentoa · Terri McKenzie · Terri Taylor · Terry Bacon · Terry Burling ·                  Zafirah Nisa · Zara Balingcongan · Zarah Aznar · Zarah Masote · Zay Garcia · Zee Khan · Zelda Watt
Teshi Khatiwoda · Tess Canoy · Tess Danganan · Tess Desai · Tess Gutierrez · Tess Kingsford · Tess                  · Zenda Tan · Zenith Cabrera · Zerah Mero · Zoe Attrill-Palmer · Zoe Eathorne · Zoe Flockton · Zoe
Mallari · Tessa Edwards · Thamara Fernando · Thavy Mey · Thea Robiso · Thejani Sasanthika ·                         Hunter · Zoe King · Zoe Nyika · Zoe Templeton · Zoey Plew-Smeehuyzen · Zoreen Nisha · Zuhra Balic
Thelma Escobar · Thelma Littlejohn · Theresa Ada · Theresa Intia · Theresa McCarthy · Theresa                       · Zuzka Erdossyova · Zyra Marana · Zyra Ramas
Rayner · Theresa Robiso · Theresa Te Whata · Theresa Cliffe · Thomas Field · Thomas Wanke · Thu




                                                                                                                                               Thank you!
                                                                                                              119
                                              RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Our village locations
                                  C O BU RG   1                     1     RIN GWO OD EAST



              A B E R FEL D I E     1
                                                                    1   JOHN F LYN N
                             NE L L I E M EL BA    1                1   WEARY DUN LOP

                                                           1    HIGHET T
           HI G H TO N   1
                                                       1       MT ELIZA



                                        1
                   O C E A N G ROVE            1
                                              M T MART HA




Our villages in
Victoria, Australia
• Aberfeldie
• Coburg
• Highett
• Highton
• John Flynn
• Mt Eliza
• Mt Martha                                                                            RYMAN V ILLAGE

• Nellie Melba                                                                         UN DER CON ST RUCT ION
• Ocean Grove                                                                          COUN CIL AP P ROVAL
• Ringwood East
• Weary Dunlop                                                                         P ROP OS ED V ILLAGE


                                                       120
                                                           WHAN GAREI              1


                                                                                                           9       2   2 AUCK LAND
Our villages in
New Zealand                                                                                                1       TAURAN GA
                                                                              HAMILTON     2

WHAN G AR E I

• Jane Mander                                      N EW P LYMOUT H                 1
                                                                                                                              1   GI SBOR NE

AU C KLAN D                                                                                                             1   N API E R

• Bert Sutcliffe                                           WHAN GAN UI             1                                    1   HAVE LO C K

• Bruce McLaren
                                                                                                                            N ORTH
                                               PA L MERSTON N ORT H                1

• Edmund Hillary                                                                                               1   WAIKAN AE
• Evelyn Page                                  NELS ON      1

• Grace Joel
• Hobsonville                                                                                  4   2   WELLIN GTON


• Kohimarama
• Lincoln Road                                                                           1 RAN GIORA
• Logan Campbell                                                                         6 2 1 CHRISTCHURCH
• Murray Halberg
• Possum Bourne
• Takapuna*
• William Sanders                                                         2   DUN EDIN
HAM I LTO N

• Hilda Ross                                                    1    IN V ERCARGILL

• Linda Jones
TAU R AN G A                                                                                CHRISTCHURCH

• Bob Owens                                WA I K A N AE
                                                                                            • Anthony Wilding
G ISB O R N E
                                           • Charles Fleming                                • Diana Isaac
•   Kiri Te Kanawa                                                                          • Essie Summers
                                           W E L L IN GTON
                                                                                            • Margaret Stoddart
N E W PLYM O U T H
                                           • Bob Scott                                      • Ngaio Marsh
•   Jean Sandel                            • Karori                                         • Northwood
N AP I E R                                 • Malvina Major                                  • Park Terrace
• Princess Alexandra                       • Newtown                                        • Riccarton Park
HAV E LO C K N O RT H                      • Rita Angus                                     • Woodcote
• Te Aute Road                             • Shona McFarlane                                DUN EDIN
WHAN G AN U I                              NELS ON
                                                                                            • Frances Hodgkins
• Jane Winstone                            • Ernest Rutherford                              • Yvette Williams
PALM E R STO N NO RT H                     R A NGIORA                                       IN V ERCARGILL

• Julia Wallace                            •   Charles Upham
                                                                                            • Rowena Jackson
*Subject to Overseas Investment Office approval


                                                                    121
                                             RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Directory                                                                      REGISTERED OFFICE
                                                                               Airport Business Park
                                                                               92 Russley Road, Christchurch
                                                                               PO Box 771, Christchurch 8042
                                                                               New Zealand




Retirement villages
Anthony Wilding Retirement Village     Frances Hodgkins Retirement Village     Murray Halberg Retirement Village
5 Corbett Crescent, Aidanﬁeld,         40 Fenton Crescent, St Clair, Dunedin   11 Commodore Drive, Lynfield,
Christchurch                                                                   Auckland
                                       Grace Joel Retirement Village
Bert Sutcliffe Retirement Village      184 St Heliers Bay Road, St Heliers,    Nellie Melba Retirement Village
2 Rangatira Road, Birkenhead,          Auckland                                2 Collegium Avenue, Wheelers Hill,
Auckland                                                                       Melbourne
                                       Hilda Ross Retirement Village
Bob Owens Retirement Village           30 Ruakura Road, Hamilton               Ngaio Marsh Retirement Village
112 Carmichael Road, Bethlehem,                                                95 Grants Road, Papanui, Christchurch
Tauranga                               Jane Mander Retirement Village
                                       262 Fairway Drive, Kamo, Whangarei      Possum Bourne Retirement Village
Bob Scott Retirement Village                                                   5 Lisle Farm Drive, Pukekohe
25 Graham Street, Petone,              Jane Winstone Retirement Village
Lower Hutt                             49 Oakland Avenue, St Johns Hill,       Princess Alexandra Retirement
                                       Whanganui                               Village
Bruce McLaren Retirement Village                                               145 Battery Road, Napier
795 Chapel Road, Howick, Auckland      Jean Sandel Retirement Village
                                       71 Barrett Road, New Plymouth           Rita Angus Retirement Village
Charles Fleming Retirement Village                                             66 Coutts Street, Kilbirnie, Wellington
112 Parata Street, Waikanae            Julia Wallace Retirement Village
                                       28 Dogwood Way, Clearview Park,         Rowena Jackson Retirement Village
Charles Upham Retirement Village       Palmerston North                        40 O’Byrne Street North, Waikiwi,
24 Charles Upham Drive, Rangiora                                               Invercargill
                                       Kiri Te Kanawa Retirement Village
Diana Isaac Retirement Village         12 Gwyneth Place, Lytton West,          Shona McFarlane Retirement Village
1 Lady Isaac Way, Mairehau,            Gisborne                                66 Mabey Road, Lower Hutt
Christchurch
                                       Linda Jones Retirement Village          Weary Dunlop Retirement Village
Edmund Hillary Retirement Village      1775 River Road, Flagstaff, Hamilton    242 Jells Road, Wheelers Hill,
221 Abbotts Way, Remuera,                                                      Melbourne
Auckland                               Logan Campbell Retirement Village
                                       187 Campbell Road, Greenlane,           William Sanders Retirement Village
Ernest Rutherford Retirement           Auckland                                7 Ngataringa Road, Devonport,
Village                                                                        Auckland
49 Covent Drive, Stoke, Nelson         Malvina Major Retirement Village
                                       134 Burma Road, Khandallah,             Woodcote Retirement Village
Essie Summers Retirement Village       Wellington                              29 Woodcote Avenue, Hornby,
222 Colombo Street, Beckenham,                                                 Christchurch
Christchurch                           Margaret Stoddart Retirement Village
                                       23 Bartlett Street, Riccarton,          Yvette Williams Retirement Village
Evelyn Page Retirement Village         Christchurch                            383 Highgate, Roslyn, Dunedin
30 Ambassador Glade, Orewa, Auckland



                                                         122
                                                 ANNUAL REP ORT 20 20




SHARE REGISTRAR                            MELBOURNE OFFICE                        AUCKLAND OFFICE
Link Market Services                       Suite 10.03, Level 10                   93 Ascot Avenue, Remuera
PO Box 91976, Auckland 1142                420 St Kilda Road                       Auckland 1051, New Zealand
New Zealand                                Melbourne
P: +64 9 375 5998                          PO Box 33119
E: enquiries@linkmarketservices.co.nz      Melbourne VIC 3004, Australia




New villages in the pipeline
Aberfeldie                                 Karori                                  Northwood
2 Vida Street, Aberfeldie, Melbourne       26 Donald Street, Karori, Wellington    20 Radcliffe Road, Northwood,
                                                                                   Christchurch
Coburg                                     Kohimarama
81a Bell Street, Coburg, Melbourne         233 Kohimarama Road, Kohimarama,        Ocean Grove
                                           Auckland                                181–195, Shell Road, Ocean Grove,
Havelock North                                                                     Victoria
122 Te Aute Road, Havelock North           Lincoln Road
                                           211 Lincoln Road, Henderson, Auckland   Park Terrace
Highett                                                                            78 & 100 Park Terrace,
32–40 Graham Road, Highett,                Mt Eliza                                Christchurch
Melbourne                                  70 Kunyung Road, Mt Eliza,
                                           Melbourne                               Riccarton Park
Highton                                                                            25 Steadman Road, Christchurch
157 South Valley Road, Highton, Victoria   Mt Martha
                                           180 Bentons Road, Mt Martha,            Ringwood East
Hobsonville                                                                        2–16 Mt Dandenong Road,
                                           Melbourne
3 Scott Road, Hobsonville,                                                         Ringwood East, Melbourne
Auckland                                   Newtown
                                           192 Adelaide Road, Newtown,             Takapuna
John Flynn Retirement Village                                                      41–45 Killarney Street, Takapuna,
                                           Wellington
45 Burwood Highway, Burwood East,                                                  Auckland
Melbourne




For more information on any of Ryman Healthcare’s retirement villages:

(New Zealand) 0800 588 222                       (Australia) 1800 922 988
rymanhealthcare.co.nz                            rymanhealthcare.com.au


                                                             123
rymanhealthcare.co.nz
rymanhealthcare.com.au
