Ryman Healthcare
ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                       RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Cover image features Ryman residents Norris Aitken, Nola Cutting,
Muriel Feasey, Eng Dick, Helen Aitken and Richard Fisher.
         A NNUAL REP ORT 20 2 1




Our mission remains
the same as it has been
for the past 37 years -
the care we offer has
to be “good enough for
Mum or Dad”.
RY MAN HEALT HCARE




        2
                        A NNUAL REP ORT 20 2 1




4    Chair’s report

10   Stats and facts

12   Group chief executive’s report

20   Current villages under development

22   Future villages in our pipeline

26   Our directors

28   Our senior executives

31   Who we are and how we create value

39   What matters most to our stakeholders

43   Caring for our residents and our communities

55   Caring for our people

65   Caring for our environment

73   Providing a sustainable outcome for all stakeholders

77   Embracing innovation and technology



81   Our financials

139 Statement of corporate governance

156 Rymanians

162 Our village locations

164 Directory



                                  3
                                               RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Chair’s report




Ryman residents Norm Reid and Maggie Gubbins with chair, Dr David Kerr.




                                                           4
                            A NNUAL REP ORT 20 2 1




We bore the brunt
of the COVID-19
pandemic during the
2021 financial year.
I am pleased to report
that we have come
through well and are
in good shape for
future growth.

D R DAV I D K E R R
C H A I R , RY M A N H E A LT H CA R E




                                      5
                                 RY MAN HEALT HCARE




                                     “We are enormously grateful
                                     for the extra effort our team has
                                     put in to keep everyone safe.”

The board of Ryman                A good result in a difficult year
Healthcare is proud of what       The pandemic has been a once-in-a-generation challenge, but
has been achieved in the most     we kept everyone safe. We also continued to build and
challenging of years.             innovate, and the board is proud of what has been achieved.
                                  In the year to 31 March 2021, our audited underlying profit was
The work we have done to turn     $224.4 million. This is a decrease of 7.3 percent compared to
our villages into safe havens     the prior year and reflects the increased costs of responding
has been greatly valued by our    to COVID-19 and the impact lockdowns in New Zealand and
residents and their families.     Victoria had on our ability to undertake construction and
                                  transact units.
                                  Our operations in Victoria, where we were expecting the
                                  majority of our growth to come from in the 2021 financial year,
                                  were significantly impacted by Melbourne being in varying
                                  degrees of lockdown for around 6 months.
                                  Having voluntarily repaid the New Zealand Government wage
                                  subsidy, the impact of COVID-19 on underlying profit for the
                                  year was a cost of $19.8 million. This was spent on additional
                                  staffing, security and resident welfare.
                                  Our reported IFRS profit, which includes unrealised valuation
                                  gains, increased 59.8 percent to $423.1 million.
                                  We reached a milestone this year with the payment of a
                                  full-year dividend of 22.4 cents per share, meaning we have
                                  now returned more than $1 billion to shareholders since
                                  listing in 1999.




                                          6
                                                  A NNUAL REP ORT 20 2 1




U N D E RLYI N G P RO F I T                                                Project Safe Haven
$250m                                                                      Keeping our villages COVID-19 free,
                                                                           coping with unexpected lockdowns
$200m                                                                      and adapting to the changing
                                                                           alert levels was a challenge.
$150m
                                                                           Our plan, known as Project Safe Haven,
$100m                                                                      was simple. We did everything we
                                                                           could think of to allow our residents
 $50m                                                                      to stay home, entertained and
                                                                           comfortable, but, most of all, safe.
      -
                                                                           By delivering everything they
          2002
          2003
          2004
          2005
          2006
          2007
          2008
          2009
          2010
          2011
          2012
                                                                           needed, keeping them connected
          2013
          2014
          2015
          2016
          2017
          2018
          2019
          2020
          2021
                                                                           and finding new and better
C U M U LATIV E D I VI D E ND S PA I D S I NC E L I ST IN G                ways to keep them engaged, we
                                                                           managed to keep them safe.
$1,200m
                                                                           Our team has been truly amazing.
$1,000m
                                                                           Throughout the year, they have
  $800m                                                                    put the welfare of our residents
  $600m
                                                                           first and they continue to do so.
                                                                           Some of our team have been
  $400m
                                                                           in varying amounts of personal
  $200m                                                                    protective equipment for well over
                                                                           a year. They continue to exercise
          -   2000
              2001
              2002
              2003
              2004
              2005
              2006
              2007
              2008
              2009
              2010                                                         great caution with their own activities,
                                                                           living arrangements and personal
              2011
              2012
              2013
              2014
              2015
              2016
              2017
              2018
              2019
              2020
              2021
                                                                           health and we are enormously
                                                                           grateful for their extra efforts.
                                                                           At the date of printing this annual
                                                                           report, our residents and staff remain
                                                                           COVID-19 free, and our vaccine
                                                                           roll-out programme is in full swing.
                                                                           Our residents have jumped at the chance
                                                                           to get vaccinated, as have our team,
                                                                           which is great for everyone’s wellbeing.




                                                              7
                                           RY MAN HEALT HCARE




   “Our purpose is to provide the
   best of care for our residents in
   beautiful, sustainable homes.”

Investing in innovation                     Introducing new Rymanians to the team
We have innovated more than ever in         We continued to strengthen the skillset of our board and
the past year.                              senior executive team during the year.
The pandemic meant we needed to             In March we welcomed Greg Campbell to the board. Greg
work in a completely different way, and     is a well-respected CEO, who has strong governance and
it brought technology to the fore.          commercial skills and has held a number of chief executive
The pioneering investment we made all       and director roles across Australasia.
those years ago in myRyman – which          Most recently Greg has done a great job leading the team
moved our care records into the digital     at Ravensdown Limited for many years. Greg has great
space – paid dividends.                     insights into sustainability issues, which adds a valuable
We will continue to innovate in the year    new discipline to our governance team.
ahead. With the help of technology,         During the year we appointed Cameron Holland as
we will lift the experience of our          Chief Executive in Australia to run our Victorian operations
independent residents to a whole new        and drive our growth opportunities in the Australian
level including health monitoring and       market. Cameron is an experienced business leader
medication management.                      having previously worked in the airline and travel industries
We will be staging our own version of       and has experience in the aged-care sector at a senior level
the Tokyo Olympics – an opportunity to      in Australia.
empower our residents to compete, do        We also appointed Chris Evans as our Chief Construction
things they never thought they could,       Officer during the year. Chris is an engineer who has built
and demonstrate where technology            a distinguished career in the construction industry in
can take us next.                           Australia, including 25 years at John Holland, and most
Our residents are overwhelmingly            recently he worked as Chief Assets and Infrastructure
positive about their lives, and our         Officer at Sydney Airport.
survey results during COVID-19
showed how much they appreciate
                                            Gordon MacLeod signals intention to stand down
what we do.
                                            Group Chief Executive Gordon MacLeod let us know
We cannot rest on our laurels; we
                                            recently that he had reached a point in his life where
will keep working to find the next
                                            he is keen to try something else after giving 15 years of
improvement or innovation that will
                                            extraordinary service to Ryman.
make their lives even better.
                                            During his 4 years as CEO we have opened 10 new villages,
                                            increased our market capitalisation by $3 billion* and
                                            returned dividends of $448 million to shareholders.
                                            We also achieved our goal of opening five new villages in
                                            Victoria by 2020.

                                            * Based on market capitalisation as at date of FY21 announcement.

                                                      8
                                          A NNUAL REP ORT 20 2 1




                                                “The safety and security
                                                of living in a Ryman village
                                                is more valued than ever.”

As CEO he has demonstrated an extraordinary ability                Thank you
to relate very positively to the many stakeholders in the
                                                                   Our result for the year is very credible
company and has been an authentic leader.
                                                                   given we were operating during the
We will be conducting an international search for a                worst pandemic in 100 years.
new group CEO. Maintaining our culture of everything
                                                                   We have kept everyone safe, and
we do being “good enough for Mum or Dad” is of the
                                                                   we have continued to grow, innovate
utmost importance.
                                                                   and develop.
We are very fortunate that Gordy has committed to stay
                                                                   We’ve proven that our model of care is
on until a suitable replacement is found, and he will be
                                                                   a critical part of the infrastructure of
leaving Ryman in a great position.
                                                                   the communities we serve.
I would like to thank him very much on behalf of the board
                                                                   The safety and security of living in a
and everyone at Ryman.
                                                                   Ryman village is more valued than ever
                                                                   by our residents and their families,
                                                                   and we are expecting demand for our
Our purpose remains unchanged
                                                                   services to continue to grow in the
As a board we are acutely aware of our intrinsic purpose as        years ahead.
a company and the role Ryman plays in the communities
                                                                   We are looking forward to what comes
it operates in, as well as the importance of purpose to our
                                                                   next – and we are certainly well
staff and many stakeholders.
                                                                   prepared.
Our purpose is to provide the best of care for our residents
                                                                   This company has enormous potential
in beautiful, sustainable homes. Our work is greatly valued
                                                                   and I look forward to reporting back on
by the communities we operate in.
                                                                   our achievements in 12 months.
I suggest our purpose is what drives the collaboration,
                                                                   Thank you, as always, for your support.
innovation, commitment and creativity of our teams and
our stakeholders.
That’s why we’re called Ryman Healthcare. The name says
it all. We care for people.
Competitive returns to shareholders are essential to the
                                                                   Dr David Kerr
company’s success. These returns help provide the funds
                                                                   CHAIR , RYMAN HEALT HCARE
to achieve our purpose.
We have not achieved this target recently for a variety
of reasons, but the board and management of this
company are very focussed on restoring this level of
return to the owners of Ryman as we move out of the
restrictions of a global pandemic, especially in our key
growth market of Victoria.


                                                     9
                                 RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Stats and facts

                                                          We have offices
                   We support the health,                in Christchurch,
                 safety and wellbeing of over              Auckland and
                    6,100 team members                      Wellington
                   and 12,500 residents.
                                                          in New Zealand
                                                          and Melbourne
                                                            in Australia.
We provided more than
8 million hours
of care and services
last year.




                        18,500                   were made by care
                                                 residents to their families
                        Zoom calls               during COVID-19.


 We’ve donated over                             In New Zealand
 $4 million                                      we have 5,563
 to New Zealand and                             team members
  Australian charity                            and in Australia
 partners since 1999.                             we have 604.



                 We partner with over 3,500 businesses who supply goods
                 and services to our villages, offices and construction sites.


                                         10
                                     A NNUAL REP ORT 20 2 1




                                              We recycled
                                              1,021 tonnes
                                              of green waste into
                                              compost last year.



52,000
declaration forms
                                                                      Over $1 billion
                                                                        in dividends
                                                  We had over          has been paid
have been completed by                              27 cranes
visitors to keep COVID-19                      operating across our   to shareholders
     out of our villages.                       construction sites.     since listing.



736 beds and units were built in FY21.
We’ve added 2,236 care beds and 5,096 units over the last 10 years.




                                                    16
                                                    sites
 41 villages                                        in the pipeline
 36 villages in New Zealand                         10 sites in New Zealand
 5 villages in Australia                            6 sites in Australia
                                               11
                                              RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Group chief executive’s report




Ryman residents Pat Mansell, Bruce Mansell and Kay Johnston with group chief executive Gordon MacLeod.




                                                          12
                            A NNUAL REP ORT 20 2 1




We faced a number
of unprecedented
challenges during
the year. We’ve
kept innovating and
improving, and as a
result we are in a strong
position to grow in the
years ahead.

G O R D O N M AC L E O D
G R O U P C H I E F E X E C U T I V E , RY M A N H E A LT H CA R E




                                      13
                                             RY MAN HEALT HCARE




My highlight of the year is the way we kept                       Five villages in Victoria
our villages free of COVID-19.                                    Another highlight was reaching our
                                                                  long-held stretch target of getting
Keeping more than 18,600 residents and staff                      five villages open in Victoria by the
across 41 villages and 12 construction sites                      end of 2020.
safe was a remarkable achievement.                                Our team in Australia has done a
                                                                  wonderful job.
Leading a team that has been so committed
                                                                  They spent half of last year under
and professional – and consistently so – is an
                                                                  lockdown, they kept everyone safe,
absolute privilege.                                               the construction team had to adapt to
                                                                  multiple COVID-19 level restrictions,
I am delighted that their work is so well recognised by
                                                                  and the sales team came out with great
our residents. We won the Most Trusted Brand award
                                                                  February and March sales numbers
for our industry for the seventh time.
                                                                  once the restrictions eased in Victoria.
We do not take anything for granted. COVID-19 is a
                                                                  We have built an extraordinary amount
tricky virus and things can change very quickly. We
                                                                  of goodwill and almost 1,000 residents
are always on alert.
                                                                  in Australia now call our villages home.
The COVID-19 vaccine programme is under way and
we’re encouraging everyone to take part. Take-up by
our residents and staff has been excellent.                       A strong finish to the year
                                                                  We ended the year with a flourish,
                                                                  recording the highest number of
                                                                  transacted sales ever in the final
                                                                  quarter of a financial year.
                                                                  Our reported IFRS profit was higher
                                                                  than $400 million for the first time and
                         1
                      202
                                                                  we had record cash collections in the
                                                                  second half of $693 million, up
     e                                ge                          26.7 percent on last year.
  Ag  d                                  s
        Ca
           re &                    V ill a
                                 t
                R e t i re m e n                                  Total cash receipts from residents
                                                                  were a record $1.18 billion, an increase
                                                                  of 4.1 percent and we finished the
                                                                  year with $397 million of committed
                                                                  new sale contracts in place. This is a
                                                                  record year-end amount and this
                                                                  cash will be collected over the next
                                                                  12 to 18 months.


                                                      14
                                           A NNUAL REP ORT 20 2 1




                                                “Leading a team that has been
                                                so committed and professional
                                                is an absolute privilege.”

This was a solid achievement given the       CAS H RECEIPTS F ROM RES IDEN TS
significant shutdowns experienced in
                                             $1,200m
our two key markets. Heading into FY21,
we were expecting half of our growth         $1,000m
to come from Victoria, where it was
                                               $800m
almost impossible to transact with new
residents for nearly 6 months. And in          $600m

Auckland, which is our biggest market          $400m
in New Zealand, we experienced level 3
lockdowns or above for 20 percent of           $200m

the year.                                             -

                                                           2010        2011       2012      2013       2014     2015     2016     2017    2018     2019     2020     2021
We are in a healthy financial position
with total assets of $9.17 billion, up
19.5 percent on last year. Shareholders’                                                          First half                    Second half

equity has lifted by 23.0 percent to
$2.83 billion.                               TOTAL AS S ETS
Available resales stock at 31 March was      $10bn
only 1.4 percent of the portfolio, down
from 1.9 percent at 30 September.             $8bn

Our low resale stock, combined with
                                              $6bn
mature care occupancy of 97 percent,
demonstrates that our villages                $4bn
continue to be in strong demand.
                                              $2bn
In a year when we faced increased
operating costs and could not trade
                                                  -
or build for a significant amount of
time, I am pleased with what the                      Sep 15      Mar 16      Sep 16     Mar 17     Sep 17    Mar 18   Sep 18    Mar 19   Sep 19   Mar 20   Sep 20   Mar 21
team has achieved.
                                                                                       Interest-bearing debt                         Total assets

                                             Interest-bearing debt represents ‘interest-bearing loans and borrowings’
                                             in the balance sheet.




                                                          15
                                            RY MAN HEALT HCARE




                                         “We are in a healthy financial position
                                         with total assets of $9.17 billion,
                                         up 19.5 percent on last year.”

Victorian land bank                          We continue to be busy in New Zealand
We have recently added a new site in         Our construction teams are busy building across seven sites
Essendon, which replaces our nearby          in New Zealand.
Coburg site in the north of Melbourne.       We are about to welcome our first residents at Keith Park in
The Essendon site is medium density          Hobsonville and Riccarton Park in Christchurch.
and is a more attractive prospect than       Our first residents are settled at Miriam Corban in
the high-rise Coburg site, which we          Henderson and work is under way on the village centre.
have sold.
                                             James Wattie in Havelock North is now very established with
We’ve got happy residents and strong         townhouse and apartment stages selling well, and work will
sales at Ocean Grove, John Flynn in          start on the care centre later in the coming year.
Burwood East and Charles Brownlow
in Highton, and our Aberfeldie village is    Development of the latter stages continues at William Sanders
making great progress.                       in Devonport, Murray Halberg in Lynfield and Linda Jones
                                             in Hamilton.
Aberfeldie will be our next village to
open its doors, our sixth in Victoria.       Our pipeline of New Zealand projects is growing.

We are hoping to get going at Ringwood       Our development team has secured resource consents
East and Highett over the coming             for new villages in Takapuna and Kohimarama in Auckland
months after we have finished the            and Northwood in Christchurch.
planning endorsement process – both          We’ve also added a couple of great new sites in New Zealand.
sites have development approval.
                                             The Karaka site is a broad-acre property a short drive from
This means we will have seven sites on       Papakura, and we think it has huge potential in a growing part
the go in Victoria, matching the seven       of Auckland.
sites we are building at in New Zealand.
                                             The Cambridge site is suited to a townhouse-style
                                             development. It’s a popular place for retirees and has
                                             a large catchment in a fast-growing region.




                                                     16
                                            A NNUAL REP ORT 20 2 1




Our debt is productive debt                                          We significantly diversified our
We are building across 12 sites in two countries and we will         debt funding
soon be under way on another two. This compares with                 Last year we signalled to the market
development across just four sites 3 years ago.                      that we were looking to diversify both
We anticipate the 12 villages we have under way will                 the source and tenor of our debt and
generate $2.8 billion in capital proceeds and recurring              we achieved this during the year.
income of $220 million on completion.                                We have raised NZ$825 million
This level of development requires a large upfront capital           across three new debt markets.
investment and we invested a record $844 million into                In the year to March 2021 we raised
our portfolio over the year. This has seen our working capital       NZ$150 million through a retail bond
debt lift to $2.25 billion.                                          offer and US$350 million via a US
                                                                     Private Placement. In May 2021 we
Our development pipeline of 25 new villages would provide            raised a further AUD$250 million via
homes for more than 6,800 residents and would generate               an institutional term loan.
anticipated capital proceeds of $5.3 billion with recurring
income of $420 million, subject to market conditions and             The weighted average debt maturity
consenting outcomes.                                                 profile of these three debt raisings is
                                                                     9 years. This has seen us extend our
This is why we regard debt as productive. It is predominantly        weighted average debt maturity profile
a function of the working capital required to create new             of all our interest-bearing loans and
Ryman communities and these communities generate                     borrowings to 5 years.
growing recurring cash flows for decades.
                                                                     Through the debt issuances it
On top of the $420 million of recurring profits that will            was great to be able to explain our
be generated each year from developing and selling down              model to new markets. The response
our land bank, our current earnings will also lift as our existing   we received was very positive,
portfolio matures.                                                   with all three debt raisings heavily
                                                                     oversubscribed, a further endorsement
                                                                     of our business model and strength.




                                                       17
                                            RY MAN HEALT HCARE




   “Each village we build creates warm,
   purpose-built homes for older people
   with the care they need on hand.”

Sustainable Ryman                                                myRyman continues to develop
We continue to operate as sustainably as we can,                 Technology continues to be a focus; we
ensuring that we leave the environment in the best               see huge potential in it to improve the
shape possible for the generations to come.                      lives of older people.
Fundamentally, our whole model of operating has a                Our myRyman Care app is
sustainable underpinning.                                        continuously being developed and it
Each village we build creates warm, purpose-built                came into its own during the pandemic.
homes for older people with the care they need on hand.          We are now looking at ways to roll
They’re energy efficient and sustainable.                        out new myRyman applications to
                                                                 our independent residents, giving
Our carbon footprint is much smaller than private                them a digital platform to keep up
homes, our density is greater, and, in most cases, we            with village news and to digitise
are also recycling brownfield sites. The traffic each site       activities such as health monitoring,
generates is a fraction of a normal suburb.                      medication management, wellness,
Our medium-density villages prevent urban sprawl.                and even everyday activities such
They free up homes in pressured housing markets                  as food ordering, outing bookings
where demand is outstripping supply. They fit                    and payments.
perfectly with the aim of having people age in place.            We are also reviewing a nurse
By developing and operating our villages we create               practitioner model, which we think will
thousands of jobs and careers.                                   improve access to care and encourage
                                                                 better health outcomes.
                                                                 The model would also recognise the
                                                                 considerable skills of our nurses and
                                                                 provide another career pathway for
                                                                 them, as well as easing the pressure on
                                                                 our GPs.
                                                                 We are really looking forward to trialling
                                                                 these initiatives and getting feedback
                                                                 from residents.




                                                      18
                                          A NNUAL REP ORT 20 2 1




We are a critical part of the               Thank you
healthcare infrastructure                   I’d like to take this opportunity to thank all our shareholders
The public health systems in                and stakeholders for your support over my 15 years at Ryman.
New Zealand and Australia continue          It’s been a privilege to have this role, and I’d like to thank all our
to be under pressure.                       incredible team members and residents for their support.
When you consider the demand                I will be standing down once my replacement is in place, but you
ahead for dementia care alone –             can rest assured it will be business as usual for me until then.
which research shows will more than
double over the next 30 years – you         I know I will leave with the company in a great position to grow
can see why our services are going          – it has huge potential and a wonderful purpose – to provide
to be in demand.                            retirement homes and care that are “good enough
                                            for Mum or Dad”.
It’s imperative that aged care is
seen as a critical part of the
healthcare infrastructure in
New Zealand and Australia.
Now, more than ever, it’s clear that if
the aged-care sector fails to meet this
                                            Gordon MacLeod
need it will create a huge burden on        GROUP CHIEF EXECUT IV E , RYMAN HEALT HCARE

the public system.




                                                     19
                                                     RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Current villages under
development



Aberfeldie, Melbourne




Nellie Melba, Melbourne                                  Keith Park, Auckland




                                                                                James Wattie, Havelock North




Riccarton Park, Christchurch                                                    Miriam Corban, Auckland

Artist’s impression, Ryman villages under development.         20
                            A NNUAL REP ORT 20 2 1




Linda Jones, Hamilton          John Flynn, Melbourne


                                                          “We are building
                                                          across 12 sites,
                                                          up from just four
                                                          sites 3 years ago.”
                                                          Gordon MacLeod
                                                          GROU P CHI EF EX EC U TIVE




Ocean Grove, Victoria                              Charles Brownlow, Victoria




William Sanders, Auckland      Murray Halberg, Auckland

                                      21
                                                        RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Future villages in
our pipeline



Mt Martha, Victoria                                                                   Essendon, Melbourne




Karaka, Auckland


       “We have 13 sites
       in our land bank
       providing us with
       a great platform
       for growth.”
       Jeremy Moore
       C H I EF DEV E LO P M E N T O F F I C E R
                                                                 Kohimarama, Auckland




Northwood, Christchurch                                          Highett, Melbourne

Artist’s impression, Ryman villages in the pipeline. Map data:         22
Google © 2021. Site boundaries are indicative only.
                             A NNUAL REP ORT 20 2 1




Cambridge                       Takapuna, Auckland




                                                     Karori, Wellington




Mt Eliza, Victoria                                   Ringwood East, Melbourne




Park Terrace, Christchurch                           Newtown, Wellington

                                      23
         RY MAN HEALT HCARE




We have a well-consented
pipeline of villages, which
gives us a great platform
for growth.




                 24
                                                    A NNUAL REP ORT 20 2 1




Our pipeline of villages

Villages                           Design          Consenting         Council       Construction   Village open    Final
                                                                      approval                                    stages

           William Sanders
           Charles Brownlow
           Nellie Melba
           Murray Halberg
           Linda Jones
           John Flynn
           Miriam Corban
           James Wattie
           Ocean Grove
           Aberfeldie
           Keith Park
           Riccarton Park
           Highett
           Ringwood East
           Takapuna
           Northwood
           Kohimarama
           Park Terrace
           Mt Eliza
           Karori
           Mt Martha
           Newtown
           Cambridge
           Essendon
           Karaka


The pipeline is subject to resource and building consent and various regulatory approvals.

                                                                 25
                  RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Our directors
        Dr David Kerr (Chair)
        C NZ M , M B C HB, F RN ZCGP

        David joined Ryman’s board in 1994 and has held the role of chair since
        1999. A general practitioner, David is a fellow and past president of the
        New Zealand Medical Association and was awarded a Fellowship with
        Distinction by the Royal New Zealand College of General Practitioners.
        He is chair of Centercare Limited and a director of Forté Health. David
        was made a Companion of the New Zealand Order of Merit in the 2020
        New Year’s Honours List.



        Geoffrey Cumming
        BA (H O NS), M S C (ECON ), LLD

        Geoff re-joined the board in June 2018, having previously served as a
        director from 1999 to 2000. Geoff is a Melbourne-based New Zealand
        citizen who is an economist, investor and philanthropist. He has more
        than 30 years’ experience as a chief executive and as a company
        director and has served on more than 25 corporate boards in a wide
        range of countries and industries. In 2019 Geoff was inducted into the
        Alberta Business Hall of Fame.



        George Savvides
        A M , BE (H O NS), MBA , FAICD

        George lives in Melbourne and has extensive experience in Australia’s
        healthcare industry. In 2016 George retired as managing director of
        Medibank, Australia’s largest health insurer, after 14 years in the role.
        George joined Ryman’s board in 2013. He is chair of SBS (Broadcasting),
        a non-executive director of IAG (Insurance Australia Group) and a
        Fellow of the Australian Institute of Directors. In 2020 George was made a
        Member of the Order of Australia for significant service to the community,
        charitable groups and business.



        Paula Jeffs
        BA , G R A D D I P (IR), GAICD, CAHRI

        Paula is a Melbourne-based human resources executive with experience
        across the healthcare, finance and government sectors and deep
        expertise in workforce planning, organisational capability and executive
        coaching. In the early stages of her working life, Paula spent several years
        as a carer in the aged and disability sector. Paula joined the board in 2019.

                             26
            A NNUAL REP ORT 20 2 1




Claire Higgins
B C O M , FC PA , FAICD

Based in Victoria, Claire is a non-executive director with experience
across a range of sectors in both Australia and New Zealand. She joined
Ryman’s board in 2014. Claire is chair of REI Superannuation Pty Ltd and
GMHBA Limited, and holds director positions in the medical device and
philanthropic sectors.



Warren Bell
M C O M , FCA

Warren joined the board in 2011. He is an experienced public and private
company director and was previously an audit partner. Warren is
currently chair of Hallenstein Glasson and St George’s Hospital, and
is a director of several private companies.



Jo Appleyard
L L B (H O NS)

Jo is a partner at Chapman Tripp. She is a skilled advocate and litigator
specialising in commercial, employment, and resource management law.
Jo was a member of the NZ Markets Disciplinary Tribunal between 2011
and 2020. Jo joined the board in 2009.



Anthony Leighs
NZC B

Anthony is managing director of Leighs Construction, which he founded in
1995 and built into one of New Zealand’s leading commercial construction
contractors. He is a former chairman of the New Zealand Registered
Master Builders Association. Anthony joined the Ryman board in 2018.



Greg Campbell
M BA (D I ST ) F N ZIM

Greg joined the board in March 2021. He is an experienced chief
executive and board director with more than 25 years’ experience
in leading large organisations across Australasia. Greg has strong
governance and commercial skills, a deep operational understanding
of business and a strong interest in sustainability and climate change.

                          27
                    RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Our senior executives
        Gordon MacLeod
        G RO U P C H I EF EXECUT IV E

        Gordy joined Ryman in 2007. He had previously been a corporate
        ﬁnance partner with PwC and was the ﬁnance director of a
        London-listed hi-tech engineering company. Gordy has a Bachelor
        of Commerce degree and is a Fellow of Chartered Accountants
        Australia and New Zealand (FCA). He is a board member of the
        New Zealand Aged Care Association.




        David Bennett
        C H I EF F I NA NC IAL OF F ICER

        Dave joined Ryman in 2013 and was promoted to Chief Financial Officer
        in 2017. He is a board member of the New Zealand Retirement Villages
        Association. Dave has a Bachelor of Commerce degree and is a chartered
        accountant. Before joining Ryman, he worked as an accountant and auditor.




        Cameron Holland
        C H I EF EXEC UT IV E OF F ICER – AUST RALIA

        Cameron is an experienced business leader with over 15 years’
        experience leading the commercial and operational arms of some of
        Australasia’s largest and most well-known brands including Jetstar
        and Lonely Planet. Cameron also has extensive experience in the
        aged care, home care and retirement living sector in Australia.
        Cameron joined Ryman in 2021.




        Cheyne Chalmers
        C H I EF O P E R AT ION S OF F ICER

        Cheyne is a registered nurse and has worked in New Zealand and
        Australia in senior roles in public health, including as Executive Director
        of Residential and Support Services and Chief Nursing and Midwifery
        Officer at Monash Health, Melbourne, and has been influential at a
        state and national level. Cheyne is also an adjunct professor at Deakin
        University in Victoria. Cheyne joined Ryman in 2020.



                               28
          A NNUAL REP ORT 20 2 1




Chris Evans
C H I EF C O NST RUCT ION OF F ICER

Chris is an experienced construction leader with more than 25 years
working for John Holland Construction Group in a range of operational
and senior leadership positions in Australia. Most recently Chris worked
at Sydney Airport, where he was Chief Assets and Infrastructure Officer.
Chris joined Ryman in 2021.


Jeremy Moore
C H I EF D EVELOP MEN T OF F ICER

Jeremy is an experienced property executive in the retirement sector.
He has been a senior member of the Ryman development team since
2012 and was appointed Chief Development Officer in January 2020.
Jeremy holds a Bachelor of Commerce and Management degree.


Mary-Anne Stone
ACT I NG C H IEF SALES AN D MARKET IN G OF F ICER

Mary-Anne has over 25 years’ experience in the healthcare sector
in roles ranging from village manager to business development
and general practice management. Mary-Anne has a Masters in
Population Health focused on health systems for ageing populations
and health equity. Mary-Anne re-joined Ryman in 2020.

Andrew Crerar
H EA D O F P EOP LE AN D CULT URE

Andrew joined Ryman in 2018 as People Development Manager. He was
promoted to Group People Development Manager in 2019 before moving
into his current role in 2020. Prior to this, Andrew completed a Master of
Arts (Economic Psychology) and worked in the public health sector in the
UK and in professional services in New Zealand.


Rick Davies
H EA D O F TECHN OLO GY AN D IN N OVAT ION

Rick joined Ryman in 2019. He has a Bachelor of Science degree and
previously worked for 9 years at Trade Me in a variety of senior leadership
roles spanning digital product management, commercial management
and running Trade Me’s new goods marketplace business.




                     29
                              RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Ryman team member Dawn Hunt
with resident Bev Jarvis.

                                      30
    A NNUAL REP ORT 20 2 1




Who we are
and how we
create value


              31
                                            RY MAN HEALT HCARE




We provide beautiful homes and the best of care                  Creating value
for older people.                                                Ryman Healthcare has been
                                                                 creating value since 1984 by building
Our aim is to bring Ryman to as many communities                 communities where people love to live
as we can, providing people with a choice of                     and work.
quality living options for their retirement years.               Value is created in the short, medium
                                                                 and long term by building communities
We start by finding the right site, ensuring the
                                                                 with a purpose.
village we intend to build meets our feasibility
and sustainability requirements.                                 Ryman communities are places
                                                                 where older people can choose to
It must be the right place, at the right time, and it will
                                                                 live in beautiful homes with access to
become a critical part of the healthcare infrastructure
                                                                 superb amenities to be enjoyed with
of the community it serves.
                                                                 supportive friends and neighbours.
We build the village and sell down occupation rights to
                                                                 They are places where our residents
the units to recycle capital, which is used to invest in the
                                                                 can also expect the best of care if their
care centre and the development of other new villages.
                                                                 health needs change.
We reinvest 50 percent of our underlying profits back
                                                                 They are a family hub where children,
into the company to fund future development. This
                                                                 grandchildren and great-grandchildren
reinvestment is needed to meet the extraordinary growth
                                                                 can visit and feel welcome and at home.
ahead as the world’s population aged over 75 grows.
                                                                 Families know their loved ones have
                                                                 the comfort, security and dignity that
                                                                 come with the best of clinical care.
                                                                 Right at the start, our co-founder Kevin
                                                                 Hickman described this purpose as
                                                                 providing care that had to be “good
                                                                 enough for Mum or Dad”.
                                                                 Our purpose hasn’t changed since
                                                                 then. Our aim is the same. We see
                                                                 it as our privilege to provide these
                                                                 communities and care.
                                                                 Every new village we build also creates
                                                                 value for the broader community,
                                                                 freeing up homes for new families to
                                                                 move into. In the 37 years we have
                                                                 been operating, we have built over
                                                                 12,000 new homes.


                                                       32
                                        A NNUAL REP ORT 20 2 1




Using our capitals to build integrated communities
Our business model draws on six capitals to create value over time.




Our people                          Our expertise                      Our communities
Our team is our most precious       Over the past 37 years we have     The communities we serve
resource. Ensuring that             built a wealth of knowledge        have a common social issue
we understand, value and            in how to build and operate        – the growing demand for
celebrate the differences that      communities where people           the care of older people and
each individual brings with         thrive in retirement and receive   a scarcity of supply and skill.
them is very important to us.       the best of care. The collective   Each of our 41 retirement
So is their health, safety and      wisdom and experience of           villages provides critical
wellbeing. We want them             our team, and the systems          healthcare infrastructure.
to love the experience of           we have developed over this        Our new villages are built in
working at Ryman, and we            time, are a huge asset, which      areas where there is unmet
want to do everything we can to     we use to our advantage. We        need and they quickly
help them to develop and build      do not sit still. We strive to     become an asset to the
long-term careers with us.          improve by listening to our        wider community. They also
                                    residents and families and         become a social hub for the
                                    using the lessons they provide.    communities they serve.



Our relationships                   Our environment                    Our financial strength
Each village generates a            We want to make sure all           Our long-term success, and
network of relationships            our decisions are made with        the financial strength it has
between residents, their            sustainability in mind, so that    created, allows us to reinvest
families, our teams, and            we leave the environment           to create even more value,
the wider community. Each           in a better condition for the      as well as generating returns
village also creates deep           generations to come. We are        for shareholders to reward
long-term relationships with        committed to a zero-carbon         them for investing in us. Our
local suppliers, contractors        future, and we are actively        view is always long term.
and, of course, a local             pursuing ways to cut our           We recognise our investors
workforce. We value these           greenhouse gas emissions.          have plenty of choice about
relationships; we regard them       Our aim is to lead by example,     where to invest, and we
as the basis of our success.        so we encourage all our team       appreciate their support.
                                    and the people who supply us
                                    to think the same way.

                                                   33
                     RY MAN HEALT HCARE




How we create value over time

                                                                                ND   CARE
                                                                        ES   SA
                                                                    N
                                                            K   IND



   RESOURCES                                               CARING
                                                           FOR OLDER
                                                           PEOPLE
     Our people



     Our expertise


     Our
     communities


     Our                                                              2. Develop
                                                                         and support
     relationships                                                           our team
                                                                             members

     Our
     environment
                                               1. Build
                                                  integrated
                                    ST                 retirement
                                      RO               villages
     Our financial                        NG
     strength                              TE
                                               M
                                               A
                                                   S
                                                                        GO
                                                                              OD
                                                                                     ENOU
                                                            LE
                                                                 AD                         G H FO
                                                                      AN
                                                                           DE
                                                                                MPO
                                                                                      WER


                             34
                                                                A NNUAL REP ORT 20 2 1




     STRIV
           E   FOR
                     EXC
                           EL
                                LE
                                     NC
                                          E

                                                                                         VALUE
                                                                                         CREATED
                                                                                           Freedom to live
                                                                                           with choice

                                                                                           Care now and
                                                                                           into the future

       4. Create sustainable
          communities                                                                      Incomes, security
                                                                                           and wellbeing for
                                                                                           our team

                                                                                           Revenues for our
                                                                                           business partners

                                                                    URE                    Returns for
                                                                 OS                        providers of
                                                                MP                         capital
     3. Deliver
        world-class
                                                               CO
         care                                              ND                              Recycle capital
                                                          EA                               to invest in
                                                 IE
                                                     NC                                    future growth
                                                 S   IL
               AD                             RE
         RD
OR MUM O
                           N
                     TIO
            UN   I CA
     COMM


                                                                          35
                                          RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Freedom to live with choice                                     Care now and into the future
Our villages are built to provide freedom of choice             We believe it’s our social responsibility to
around living options. Residents can choose to live             provide people living in our communities
the way they wish and do their own thing, but know that         with the full spectrum of care. We design,
they’re part of a supportive community where care and           build and operate purpose-built villages
safety is paramount.                                            that offer care options from independent
Moving to a retirement village creates a sense of freedom       and assisted living through to resthome,
and liberty for many residents – they feel free of the          hospital, and specialist dementia care.
obligations of traditional home ownership, and less reliant     Knowing that care is on hand if you need
on their families for their security and social connections.    it is reassuring for our residents and
Our villages have deep roots into the local community.          their families.
These are constantly changing and being renewed as new          We know we can never stand still.
residents bring their outside interests and networks into the   We regularly review our processes
village with them.                                              and innovate to make sure that
The pace of life does not stop at our village gates. For many   the care we provide is always of
residents, it speeds up.                                        the highest standard. Through our
                                                                rolling refurbishment programme, we
Freedom from mowing the lawns, cleaning windows and, in         continually reinvest in our existing
many cases, cooking duties gives them a new lease on life.      villages to maintain the quality of our
Residents find they have more time for exercise,                asset base and meet the expectations
volunteering, seeing their friends, building relationships,     residents have of a Ryman village.
enjoying their family relationships, and trying new things.     Our care continues to be recognised as
“I wish I’d done it years ago,” is the common response          the best in the industry, with 84 percent
from new residents.                                             of our care centres in New Zealand
                                                                having achieved the ‘gold standard’ of
When things become difficult – as we found during the
                                                                4-year certification. In Australia, our
repeated COVID-19 lockdowns of 2020/2021 – the security
                                                                care centres are fully accredited.
and assurance that village life offers comes into its own.
                                                                Our local health partners – whether they
                                                                are health boards, GPs or pharmacists
                                                                – recognise that we are building critical
                                                                healthcare infrastructure for the benefit
                                                                of the area. We are on the same team
                                                                when it comes to caring for people in
                                                                their community.
                                                                That means we are top of the list when
                                                                there is an older person in need of care
                                                                quickly, and families can trust they are
                                                                in good hands.

                                                     36
                                         A NNUAL REP ORT 20 2 1




Incomes, security and wellbeing for our team                      Returns for providers of capital
Each village we build creates an economic engine in the           Since 1999 we have returned
community it serves, and its impact ripples out to the            50 percent of our underlying profit to
whole region.                                                     shareholders, and we have invested
A new village creates hundreds of long-term, sustainable          the other 50 percent for future growth.
and skilled jobs.                                                 This reinvestment creates a long tail of
                                                                  compounded earnings – the more we
During the peak of construction, up to 400 workers will           invest, the larger our portfolio grows
be on site each day.                                              and the returns compound over time.
Once it is built, the village becomes a hub which provides        This formula has ensured that our
a livelihood for our team members and their families.             shareholders share in our success,
Each member of our team is part of a wider community,             and they share in our plans to create
and their prosperity, happiness and wellbeing at work             value in the medium and long term by
extend out to their families, and further.                        building a growing network of villages
                                                                  that are needed to cope with the
                                                                  ageing population.
Revenues for our business partners                                More than $1.03 billion in dividends has
Our network of more than 3,500 suppliers forms part of            been returned to shareholders.
the wider Ryman family. Many have been with us since the
beginning and have grown their businesses alongside us.
Our villages also become an economic driver for
                                                                  Recycling capital to invest
local businesses, including food suppliers, hairdressers          in future growth
and florists.                                                     We listed on the NZX in 1999 and
                                                                  raised $25 million to expand, and to
                                                                  create value for our shareholders
                                                                  by building a portfolio of villages to
                                                                  meet the extraordinary demand for
                                                                  retirement living we saw ahead as the
                                                                  population aged.
                                                                  The value created by our business
                                                                  model for investors is extraordinary.
                                                                  Since 1999 we have invested
                                                                  $5.24 billion in new villages and grown
                                                                  our total assets to $9.17 billion.




                                                    37
                     RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Christine Crossen,
Ryman resident.

                             38
    A NNUAL REP ORT 20 2 1




What matters
most to our
stakeholders


             39
                                          RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Identifying what matters most              We know that having happy staff is key to having happy
to our stakeholders                        residents. We constantly seek feedback from our team
                                           members and contractors about what matters most to
We are responsible to thousands
                                           them. The different platforms we use to engage with our
of stakeholders: from our residents
                                           wider team include annual staff and contractor surveys –
and their families, our team, and
                                           we undertook more than 10,000 of these last year – weekly
our shareholders through to our
                                           team huddles, one-on-one catchups, focus groups in villages
contracting partners and suppliers in
                                           and a ‘raise an idea’ platform.
all the communities we operate in.
                                           To our residents and their families our team are the face of
Our influence cascades into the
                                           Ryman. Being where the action is means that our team are
healthcare community, research
                                           idea generators. They always provide feedback on how we
organisations, the arts, and hundreds
                                           can improve on the things we do and how we can innovate to
of community groups.
                                           provide even better care. This insight is invaluable to us as
We see our residents and their families    we strive to get better.
as our most important stakeholders
                                           We listen to our neighbours to make sure we can make
– they are the reason we exist – and
                                           positive contributions to the success of the local area. Our
we want to know what is important
                                           team of community relations managers proactively engage
to them, what we are doing well and
                                           with members of the local community to understand what is
where we need to improve.
                                           important to them.
In the 2020 calendar year, our
                                           Our dedicated investor relations and corporate affairs
dedicated resident relations team
                                           managers proactively engage with other stakeholders
had more than 15,000 different
                                           in New Zealand and overseas including investors, our
contacts with our residents and their
                                           banking partners, regulators, and government. All of these
families through our regular survey
                                           conversations help us to identify what matters most to
activities, and our team members
                                           our stakeholders.
made a further 9,400 welfare calls to
check on residents during the various      We are very conscious that investors have a choice about
COVID-19 lockdowns.                        where they invest. We want to make sure that investors are
                                           kept informed about Ryman and are comfortable with where
                                           they have chosen to put their money and how we operate.
                                           We review and collate the information received from all
                                           stakeholders and assess its effect on our ability to create
                                           value in the short, medium and long term.
                                           From our discussions, we have identified and grouped the
                                           most material issues into five areas. We cover some of these
                                           issues in more detail throughout this annual report.




                                                   40
                                                      A NNUAL REP ORT 20 2 1




   Materiality matrix

                                                                                                Resident
                                                                                              experience
                                                                                    Carbon reduction         Care quality
                                                               Staff recruitment & development
                                                                                                             Health, safety




STAK E HO LD E R IM PO RT A N CE
                                                                         Communication
                                                                                                             & wellbeing
                                                                  Sustainable design                   Culture
                                                               Community              Capital           Profitability
                                                              engagement          management           Market dynamics
                                                       Water & waste                               Governance
                                                        management                                  Cyber security
                                                                                            Diversity & inclusiveness
                                                                              myRyman     Data privacy
                                                               Supply chain




                                                   SI GNIF ICANCE O F IMP ACT



   Material issues

               CARE AN D             Resident experience, safety and wellbeing • Care quality and continued
               C O M M U N I TY      innovation • Communication • Sponsorship and community engagement

                                     Health, safety and wellbeing • Staff recruitment, development and happiness
               P EO P LE
                                     Culture of kindness and care • Diversity and inclusiveness

                                     Carbon reduction • Sustainable design • Supply chain and material choice
               E N V I RO N M E NT
                                     Waste reduction and water management

               SU STAIN AB L E
                                     Capital management • Market dynamics and regulation
               F I N AN C IAL
               P E RFO R M AN C E    Growing underlying profit • Corporate governance


               TEC HN O LO GY        myRyman • Data privacy • Cyber security



                                                                  41
                                  RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Pam Popenhagen, Ryman resident.

                                          42
    A NNUAL REP ORT 20 2 1




Caring for
our residents
and our
communities

             43
                                          RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Our focus since January 2020
has been on ensuring our villages          98.1%               of our independent residents rated
                                                               their experience as good or very good
are safe havens for our residents
in New Zealand and Victoria.                                   of our residents in resthome or hospital
                                           94.2%               care rated us as good or very good
The agility of our teams to respond in
a crisis and keep our 12,500 residents                         COVID-19 welfare calls
and 6,100 staff safe, happy and well is    9,400               made by our team
something you as shareholders can be
immensely proud of.                        OVE R
                                                               views of our virus
In 2020, 98.1 percent of our               50,000              communication web pages
independent residents rated their
experience of living in a village
as good or very good, and our              Our strong clinical governance systems and processes
serviced apartment residents               played an integral part in keeping everyone safe.
gave us a 97.3 percent rating.             As a result of the global pandemic, we have further
Of our residents in care surveyed,         enhanced our processes with the establishment of an
94.2 percent rated us as good or           organisation-wide Infection Prevention and Control
very good, and 94.4 percent of the         Committee. The committee will monitor our infection
relatives of our residents in care also    control practices and provide advice on key risks and
rated us as good or very good.             issues. This group, which includes external experts, will
                                           also provide oversight to ensure we are meeting the
These were our best results ever.
                                           infection control care standards in Australia and
                                           New Zealand.




                                                   44
                                          A NNUAL REP ORT 20 2 1




We’re working to improve the                Revolutionising dementia care
wellbeing of older people                   Our myRyman Life model of dementia care has been
Our work to improve the health of older     recognised globally. Named Innovation of the Year
people through the establishment            (Dementia Care Model Solution) at the Asia Paciﬁc
of the Ryman Medication Advisory            Eldercare Innovation Awards in Singapore, myRyman Life
Committee in 2019 has seen a                is the result of research, study, and interviews with people
reduction in the use of unnecessary         living with dementia and their family members.
medications prescribed by GPs.              Collaboration with dementia care experts in New Zealand
Backed by the insights from data            and the UK has enabled a wealth of expertise and passion
collected through myRyman Care, the         to be incorporated into this innovative model.
committee works to support doctors          myRyman Life care consists of four quadrants and
and nurses in the safe and effective        10 elements of happiness and is supported by a Care
management of medications.                  Companion staffing model, three new assessment tools
Medicine groups reviewed in the             and a range of new education resources.
quarterly meetings include: hypnotics       It aligns with our core philosophy of kindness by developing
and sedatives; antipsychotics;              a unique perspective on dementia and equipping the care
antidepressants; opioids;                   team with specialised knowledge and skills to provide
anticholinergics; insulin and oral          supportive, compassionate care.
hypoglycaemics; anticoagulants;
antiplatelet; and long-term                 Over 90 percent of our 6,100 staff have completed the
corticosteroids.                            four eLearning modules which were introduced in the
                                            latter part of 2020.
We are also using the wealth of secure
data collected from myRyman Care in         The modules have been designed to increase knowledge
an artificial intelligence project to       and understanding about dementia and provide guidance
identify early indicators of falls. The     on supporting a person with dementia to live a full, happy
outcome of this project has the             and content life, while supporting the shift from task-based
potential to create a new tool that         care to experience-based care and from doing to being.
predicts the risk of and thereby helps      We are immensely proud of our teams for embracing
prevent falls for our residents.            the core concepts of myRyman Life and melding
                                            this into their daily practice. The new Care Companion
                                            staffing model has recently been launched and we are
                                            expecting to see a significant increase in perceived quality
                                            of life in the moment, and in resident, family and staff
                                            satisfaction scores.




                                                    45
                                           RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Our work on dementia extends beyond                                Delighting our residents
the village                                                        Through COVID-19, we did a lot more
We have spoken at a number of conferences                          for our independent residents than ever
throughout the year on our new model, reaching                     before and they told us how much they
audiences in 35 different countries.                               valued this.
In partnership with Otago Polytechnic, our in-house                We wanted to build on this, and we’ve
qualifications specialist has created a new NZQA-approved          been actively engaging with our
Certificate in Person-centred Dementia Care. This is a first for   residents through focus groups to better
the industry and has attracted interest from across the sector.    understand what they want and how we
                                                                   can lift our residents’ experience to the
We have begun the next phase of our myRyman Life model
                                                                   next level.
of dementia care, which involves the roll-out of the eLearning
tools to our residents and their families.                         Over the coming months we will
                                                                   implement Project Delight across all our
                                                                   villages. The project will include tailored
We continue to evolve our Delicious menu                           activity and lifestyle programmes that
Meals are an important part of a resident’s day and during         have been co-designed with residents
the year we have further lifted our focus on food.                 and are centred around their interests.

We’ve reviewed and refined our menus, introducing a new            Activities include creative writing, art
menu testing process that actively involves residents in the       classes, meditation, learning a language
selection of the food we offer.                                    or instrument, and dance lessons.

A test kitchen has also been created to allow us to test           Residents at the villages where we
new menus and experiment with different offerings.                 have been piloting this programme
                                                                   have told us the new activities are
The feedback we have received from staff and residents             helping them to form new social
has been positive, and we can’t wait to roll out the new           connections within the villages.
menus across all of our villages over the coming year.
                                                                   The use of technology is also playing an
This year we will also launch Saffron, a comprehensive             increasingly important role in the lives of
catering solution that will support our kitchen and front          our residents. This year we will deliver
of house teams from menu design and inventory control              some exciting new digital products.
through to resident meal ordering and real-time satisfaction       We will trial emerging smart home
surveys. This system is a game-changer for foodservice             technologies and ways to make it easier
delivery at Ryman.                                                 for residents to engage with technology,
                                                                   including voice. These innovations will
                                                                   enhance our residents’ ability to stay
                                                                   connected and engage with activities
                                                                   in the village as well as improve their
                                                                   overall health and wellbeing.


                                                      46
                                                     A NNUAL REP ORT 20 2 1




                                                        “We are incredibly grateful
                         Matthew Mark
      C H RI STC H URC H C I T Y M I S S I O N E R
                                                         for the ongoing generous
                                                         support of Ryman.”

We are a positive force in
our communities
We support dozens of charities,
bowling clubs and arts organisations.
Each year, residents and staff help
choose one principal charity partner to
support. Ryman matches any money
raised for the partner by residents and
staff, so the more they raise, the more
Ryman donates.
Over the years we’ve donated more
than $4 million to New Zealand and
Australian charity partners, and last
year we raised $440,000 for breast
cancer awareness in both countries.
Our current charity partners are                       Melanoma New Zealand’s new mobile spot check van.
Melanoma New Zealand and the
Melanoma Institute Australia. In
New Zealand our sponsorship allowed
Melanoma New Zealand to purchase
a van which is travelling the country
offering free mole checks – and it has
been a runaway success. It’s a life saver.
We continue to support dozens of other
organisations including Alzheimers
New Zealand, Dementia Canterbury,
Age Concern, SeniorNet, Christchurch
City Mission, Auckland City Mission,
and the Antarctic Heritage Trust.
Our support of the Stroke Foundation
is also ongoing. The Ryman-sponsored
blood pressure van has been an
incredible resource for the Foundation,
helping to raise awareness about
stroke and stroke risk factors.




                                                               47
                                       RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Supporting the arts
Our residents love that we support
the arts, and we see it as an
important part of our social licence
to provide assistance wherever we
can through partnerships.
We provided substantial backing
to the Melba Opera Trust, the
Melbourne Symphony Orchestra,
the Dame Malvina Major Foundation,
the Royal New Zealand Ballet,
and the New Zealand Symphony
Orchestra during the year. As well
as providing support for dozens of
artists, the relationships mean our
residents benefit with access to
wonderful cultural events.
                                        Royal New Zealand Ballet Principal Kate Kadow in a publicity image for
                                        The Ryman Healthcare Season of The Sleeping Beauty. Photograph by
                                        Ross Brown.


                                          “With the support of all our
                                           friends at Ryman, we were
                                           able to give more than
                                           32,000 Kiwis a fairy tale
                                           ending to 2020 with The
                                           Ryman Healthcare Season of
                                           The Sleeping Beauty.”
                                           Lester McGrath
                                           EX EC U TIVE D I RECTOR , ROYAL NEW ZEALAND BALLET




                                                 48
           A NNUAL REP ORT 20 2 1




Our sponsorship
network




                    49
                                              RY MAN HEALT HCARE




  COM M U N ITY
CONVE R SATIO N S




                                              “It’s wonderful to contribute.
                    Lynn Andrews
                    RY M A N R ES I D E N T
                                               We’re not just sitting around…
                                               We’re not retired just yet!”
                                                      50
                            A NNUAL REP ORT 20 2 1




Made with love by
Ryman residents
We’ve teamed up with our      Charles Upham resident Lynn Andrews is the brains
residents, the Department     behind the initiative. A retired watchmaker and health
                              and safety specialist with a hankering for conservation,
of Conservation, and the
                              he has the patience and attention to detail necessary to
Predator Free New Zealand     turn a good idea into reality.
network to build traps to
                              The traps mean business. All the materials are
help save New Zealand’s       supplied by Ryman, and our residents build them to
endangered birds.             DOC’s specifications.
                              More than 200 have been built and they are being
                              used to protect endangered birds – including the great
                              spotted kiwi – in fragile alpine environments.
                              We’ve set up relationships with the Department
                              of Conservation and Predator Free New Zealand,
                              supplying both DOC and community groups.
                              The result is a win for the environment and for
                              residents, Lynn says.
                              Lynn has no shortage of volunteers – including a retired
                              woodwork tutor and a retired builder – and says the
                              residents love working for a good cause.
                              His next plan is to recruit Ryman team members to join
                              the assembly line and take production nationwide.




                                      51
                                            RY MAN HEALT HCARE




The Ryman Prize recognises innovation that                        P REV IOUS WIN N ERS

supports the wellbeing of older people                             2015 Gabi Hollows
In 2015 we set out to create the equivalent of a Nobel Prize            (Restoring sight)
for work to improve the health of older people.
                                                                   2016 Professor Henry Brodaty
Since then the Ryman Prize has been awarded six times by                (Alzheimer’s research)
our international jury, and it has put New Zealand on the map
as a thought leader in elder health.                               2017 Professor Peter St
                                                                        George-Hyslop
The 2020 Ryman Prize was awarded to Professor Miia Kivipelto            (Neurodegenerative research)
by the Right Honourable Jacinda Ardern, Prime Minister of
New Zealand.                                                       2018 Professor Takanori Shibata
                                                                        (Robotics)
The award recognises Professor Kivipelto’s more than
20 years of research into the prevention, diagnosis and            2019 Dr Michael Fehlings
treatment of cognitive impairment, Alzheimer’s Disease,                 (Degenerative cervical
and dementia.                                                           myelopathy research)
She was inspired to take on the research by the experience of
caring for her grandmother, who lived with Alzheimer’s Disease.
Originally from Finland, Dr Kivipelto is the principal
investigator for the world-leading Finnish Geriatric
Intervention Study to Prevent Cognitive Impairment and
Disability, which is used in 30 countries.
The failure rate in Alzheimer’s Disease drugs under
development is 99.6 percent and no new drugs have been
approved since 2002.
Professor Kivipelto’s research focuses on identifying who
is at risk and finding ways to reduce it. There isn’t just one
solution – there is no miracle cure – but there are a whole
lot of things that can be done.                                   Miia Kivipelto, 2020 Ryman Prize recipient.




                                                       52
                                          A NNUAL REP ORT 20 2 1




Keeping in touch
If we are going to get better at what we do, we need to
know what everyone is thinking.
                                                                   18,500
                                                                   separate Zoom calls made by care
Our team had 26,000 contacts with residents and their
                                                                   residents to their families
families through regular surveys and COVID-19 welfare


                                                                   26,000
checks, and we are constantly communicating with them
about what’s going on.
They rated our communications during the COVID-19
                                                                   connections with residents and
emergency particularly highly, and we appreciated the
                                                                   families through regular surveys
rapid feedback we received to ensure we were on track.
                                                                   and COVID-19 welfare checks
COVID-19 lockdowns required us to communicate
at a whole new level, and to gather different kinds of
information to keep everyone safe.
A check-in and health declaration system to track visitors
was rapidly developed and deployed, along with a visitor
booking system for families. At its peak we handled
1,000 bookings a day and this work was essential to keep
everyone safe and connected.
We successfully deployed Zoom video calling to
approximately 3,600 resident rooms. Since the roll-out,
residents have spent 16,000 hours on Zoom in 18,500
separate video calls.
The Ryman team is connected like never before thanks to
chattR, an organisation-wide collaboration platform built
on the Slack app.
chattR cuts down on email, replaces phones, and provides
instant communication capabilities across our more than
6,100 team members, spanning villages, construction sites
and offices in New Zealand and Australia.




                                                     53
                                 RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Ryman team member Jerry Shi
with resident Aincy Sutcliffe.

                                         54
    A NNUAL REP ORT 20 2 1




Caring for
our people


             55
         RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Our people are our
greatest resource,
and they’ve shone for
our residents during
the toughest year in
our history.




                 56
                                          A NNUAL REP ORT 20 2 1




You’ll find the names of all our            What it means to be a great Rymanian
team at the back of this report.
                                                            CORE CHARACT ERIST IC S
They should all take a bow.

Our village teams were on the front                         Kindness and care
line to keep COVID-19 out. We can’t
                                                            Kindness is in our DNA; it underpins
thank them enough for the countless
                                                            everything we do.
times they went the extra mile, and
the personal sacrifices they made to
keep everyone safe.                                         Strong teams
Despite the added pressure of                               We build positive, trusting teams who
COVID-19, our teams exemplified the                         work together as one.
characteristics of what it means to be
a great Rymanian, quickly adapting
to the different lockdown levels and                        Resilience and composure
working together to keep themselves                         We keep going despite the bumps in
and our residents safe.                                     the road.
Collaboration between our
technology and people teams
                                                            Strive for excellence
meant that our people were able to
adapt effortlessly to the new, flexible                     We innovate and work hard to earn
working arrangements.                                       our success.

Our sales, design, development,
and construction teams also did                             Communication
a fantastic job coping with the
                                                            We use simple, clear language that gets
lockdowns, and through this period
                                                            straight to the point.
we continued to innovate, develop
and grow.
                                                         LEADERS HIP CHARACT ERIST IC



                                                            Lead and empower
                                                            We lead others with kindness, clarity
                                                            and support.




                                                    57
                                          RY MAN HEALT HCARE




We won’t compromise on the safety of our people
Our philosophy of ‘do it safely or not at all’ remains the
bedrock of our approach to health, safety and wellbeing.
                                                                13,675
                                                                views of our wellbeing pages
Safely planning the work we do across our 12 construction
                                                                on our website
sites is very important to us. Last year our construction


                                                                50%
teams completed over 3,200 prestart meetings. These
meetings focus on ensuring everyone understands the tasks
at hand, and that all risks are appropriately managed.
                                                                reduction in high-risk findings from
We actively support the construction industry’s efforts to
                                                                construction audits
raise awareness of suicide prevention, and to encourage


                                                                1,130
people to talk about mental health. In New Zealand we
have partnered with Mates in Construction to provide
support to our teams on site. In Victoria, a Beyond Blue
ambassador works closely with the construction team             positive safety observations reported
to equip them with the skills to identify when people are
struggling and tips on how to listen without judgement.
As part of our wider health, safety and wellbeing strategy,     We provided free wellbeing resources
we embarked on a large-scale change process with our            through a dedicated website during
contractors in New Zealand, requiring them to complete          COVID-19, and our internet traffic
SiteWise accreditation. This means we can be reassured          took off, with our wellbeing pages
they are aware of everything they need to do to maintain a      receiving 13,675 views during the year.
safe working environment before they set foot on our sites or   The resources included everything
enter our villages.                                             from mental health and diet tips to
                                                                online exercise classes, and we were
We also introduced mandatory Site Safe Foundation
                                                                recognised for our work in the annual
Passports for everyone working on our New Zealand sites,
                                                                Human Resources New Zealand awards.
and White Cards in Victoria, to ensure everyone is trained to
a minimum standard in health and safety, and aware of the
hazards they face.
During COVID-19 we introduced nurses on all our
construction sites to check temperatures and ensure our
construction teams complied with the rules, and they quickly
became a welcome wellbeing safeguard for our teams.




                                                    58
                            A NNUAL REP ORT 20 2 1




                              Measuring our success in health, safety
Our priority areas in         and wellbeing
people and safety             We have identified key measures to help us continuously
                              monitor our progress and measure our success in health,
                              safety and wellbeing. We will regularly assess our impact and


1
Achieving risk
                              progression and we will use the results to adjust accordingly
                              to achieve our vision of everyone home safe and well.


                              MEASURE
management excellence



2
                              Number of events with high potential consequence


                              Incident and near miss reporting rates
Evolving worker
engagement and                Results from health, safety and wellbeing staff
participation initiatives     engagement survey




3
                              Absenteeism rates


                              Staff turnover rates
Enhancing health,
safety and wellbeing with
                              Number of team members with an annual leave balance
our wider Ryman family        greater than 30 days



4
Developing Ryman
                              Results of health and safety audits and actions completed

                              Percentage of planned safety observations completed,
                              and corrective action taken
leaders
                              Completion rates of safety leadership and risk


5
                              management training

                              Rate of engagement with health and wellbeing campaigns
Strengthening the
health and wellbeing
of our people


                                      59
                                           RY MAN HEALT HCARE




   “Our staff NPS is the highest it
                                                                 Andrew Crerar
has ever been and shows that our                                 HEAD OF PEOPLE AND C U LTU RE
   people are happier than ever.”

We recognise the value of our people                             Over the last 3 years we have seen
                                                                 significant improvement across
Our people underpin our success. We are committed to the
                                                                 a number of measures including
ongoing training and development of our team and ensuring
                                                                 leadership effectiveness, staff
career progression opportunities within Ryman.
                                                                 turnover, and our staff Net Promoter
We know that to continue to exceed expectations we need          Scores (NPS).
people who have the right skills, confidence and knowledge,
                                                                 In fact, our staff NPS is the highest it
and a culture that supports innovation, excellence, safety
                                                                 has ever been since we started using
and kindness.
                                                                 this measure of engagement and
Our challenge is to continue to attract, recruit, retain and     shows that our people are happier
develop highly capable, passionate people and safeguard a        than ever.
culture that enables them to perform at their best every day.
                                                                 In the year ahead, we plan to
Our commitment to developing our people saw us establish         launch new development options in
the Ryman Academy in 2018. The Academy now offers                construction management, village
qualifications in a range of specialist professions, including   management and sales management
caregiving, nursing, carpentry, gardening, cookery, and health   while increasing our focus on
and safety.                                                      high-quality training and education
We recognise the importance of having strong and                 for our clinical teams.
capable leaders. Our Ryman Leaders LEAP and Aspiring
Leaders programmes have been specifically designed to
improve the skills of our leaders and support them to lead
and grow their teams. Over 700 of our current and emerging
leaders have received development training through our
bespoke programmes.
We measure the outcome of our investment in developing
our leaders and the benefits this has for our teams through a
range of recognised measures.




                                                      60
                                           A NNUAL REP ORT 20 2 1




A great resident experience depends on staff                        We celebrate the differences that
who are passionate about caring                                     each person brings to Ryman
                                                                    We are an ethnically diverse company.
                                                                    Over one-third of our workforce was
                                                                    either born outside New Zealand or
                                                                    Australia or identifies with more than
                                                                    one nationality.
                                                                    Ensuring that we understand, value
                                                                    and celebrate the differences that
                                                                    each individual brings with them is
                                                                    important to us. Woven throughout
Our resident recruiters.
                                                                    the characteristics we look for in all
It takes great people to find great people. And when your aim       Rymanians are care, compassion and
is to put your residents at the heart of every decision, who        understanding for others, treating
better to help recruit than residents themselves.                   everyone with respect and dignity,
                                                                    working together as one, and making
So, we harnessed the power of our residents to sit on our           everyone feel welcome and equal.
interview panels, helping to quiz new recruits for top jobs.
                                                                    As part of our ongoing education
The #PioneersWanted recruitment campaign, starring                  around diversity and inclusion, we
Ryman team members and our resident recruiters, received            will be rolling out workshops to educate
over 40,000 views and was a runaway success.                        and inspire team members to continue
                                                                    building an inclusive culture, challenge
                                                                    their own innate biases and act as allies
We’ve launched a programme for new graduates
                                                                    for one another.
During the year we launched a new graduate programme
                                                                    In the coming year, we will establish a
which is aimed at giving a group of young leaders a chance
                                                                    diversity and inclusion forum drawing
to blaze their own trail with us.
                                                                    together people from across the
Our graduates are offered the chance to work in different           business. Their role will be to help drive
parts of the company, learn about it, and position themselves       forward initiatives to continually grow
for a career in leadership with us in an area that interests        our cultural intelligence.
them, and is suited to their skills.
Each year a new intake begins a two-year journey with us,
and the graduates work on rotation through three different
placements. They can work in village roles, office, or sales
positions or on our construction sites. We’ve tailored the
programme to give them a taste of what it is like to work
across Ryman, understand our culture and get their career
off to a flying start with us.

                                                      61
                    RY MAN HEALT HCARE




  COM M U N ITY
CONVE R SATIO N S




                            62
                                         A NNUAL REP ORT 20 2 1




Building a career
with Ryman
Albie Calope says he is                    He has shown a willingness to step up and help, which was
a confident person, but                    crucial during the COVID-19 lockdown period.
“confidence is like a muscle –             He praises Ryman for offering him these opportunities,
you have to keep using it”.                including the LEAP leadership development programme, and
                                           recognising his ability and commitment to his role in the village.
Albie was the inaugural winner in 2019     “I have always wanted to progress my career, climb the
of the Kevin Hickman Award presented       ladder, and Ryman has given me those opportunities.
to the Ryman team member who best
exemplifies excellence in care and         “I am focused on reaching out to the community and
leadership, while being empathetic and     creating strong relationships with the DHB and ensuring
kind at the same time.                     that Malvina Major Retirement Village is recognised as a
                                           place of clinical excellence.
Albie began working for Ryman in
2016 as the clinical manager at            “When the village manager’s position became available,
Malvina Major Retirement Village           I believed I was capable of the role and I was the right
in Wellington.                             person for the job. I was already acting village manager
                                           and, as they say, ‘the show needs to go on!’. Someone
“I like working for a company and with     needs to be the leader and that person was me.
people who are success driven and
focused on providing the very best         “It is an honour and a responsibility to manage the village;
care for our residents,” he says. “But     to ensure I retain high-quality, happy staff and deliver the
I also value the Ryman concept of          best of care for residents. This is their home and I am there
care and kindness and the supportive       for them and their families.
workplace environment.”                    “A big part of my role focuses on supporting my team to do
While working as clinical manager,         the best job they can.”
Albie was always ready to take on          Albie aspires to be the best at what he does. His immediate
new responsibilities. At times he          plans are to achieve ‘gold standard’ 4-year certification in
deputised for the village manager,         next year’s audit at Malvina Major.
assisted with certification audits and
                                           The future, he hopes, may lead to further responsibilities,
also worked at other villages when
                                           but Albie is leaving nothing to chance.
needed, which he says gave him the
opportunity to learn more.                 “I feel so excited every day to come to work. I have the
                                           passion, the energy and motivation to do it. I want to excel
                                           in everything I do.”




                                                   63
                                       RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Victor Thompson, Annette Thompson
and Carol Thompson, Ryman residents.

                                               64
     A NNUAL REP ORT 20 2 1




Caring for our
environment


              65
          RY MAN HEALT HCARE




The homes we build
are energy efficient
and sustainable and
help to free up existing
homes in communities
where demand is
outstripping supply.




                  66
                                      A NNUAL REP ORT 20 2 1




Our aim is to do the very best we       The care of our residents is our number one priority. Our
can for the environment.                business model revolves around caring for older people.
                                        The decisions we make as a business will always have care
We want to leave it in good shape       at the heart. We believe that we can do this sustainably, with
                                        less impact on the environment.
for the generations to come.
Our residents, our team and our         We recognise that our ongoing village operations will always
                                        have a carbon cost associated with them. We regard this
investors all share this goal.
                                        cost as unavoidable for the moment.
Our aim is to balance this with our     For example, we cannot compromise our heating and
responsibility to our residents.        safety systems. These systems require significant amounts
                                        of power to operate. Where we can, we only purchase
We will never compromise on
                                        electricity generated through renewable sources to power
their care, comfort and safety.         these systems. In New Zealand 80 percent of the energy we
                                        use is from renewable sources.
Our villages are energy efficient
                                        We have done the basics, including switching our car fleet to
in their design, we help to free up
                                        EVs and hybrids, replacing inefficient lights with LEDs and
homes in the local community            diverting waste into recycling.
and we reduce the vehicle traffic
                                        We also use our existing natural capital, our gardens and our
in the areas around our villages.       excess land, to plant trees to offset the carbon we produce.
                                        Our construction operations are an area where we have
                                        made great inroads on recycling and diverting waste from
                                        landfill. In Auckland and Victoria, all construction waste is
                                        being taken off site to be sorted by our waste providers. We
                                        are currently recycling, on average, just over 80 percent of
                                        construction waste from these sites.
                                        We have adopted 11 Principles of Sustainable Design
                                        and we are a member of the Green Building Council,
                                        which gives us access to the latest ideas and advances
                                        in sustainable building.
                                        We are looking at the way we design and procure, and we
                                        are building whole-of-life costs into our feasibility studies.




                                                67
                                          RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Our Principles of Sustainable Design
Our objective is to maximise, as far as practicable, the use of sustainable design principles in our
architectural design processes.

  D ESIG N PR I N C I P L E      ST R AT EGY


  It’s all about our             To keep our residents’ care, comfort, security and accessibility needs
  residents                      at the heart of all our design decisions.

                                 To treat each design project as separate and ‘unique’ and to
 Treat as unique                 incorporate specific local environmental and community aspects
                                 into each project.

                                 To deliver functional, durable and aesthetically pleasing designs that
  In it for the long haul
                                 will last.

                                 To maximise energy efficiency through innovation, an open-minded
  Energy efficiency
                                 approach and the effective use of modern technology.

  Keep it natural                To utilise natural lighting and ventilation wherever possible.

                                 To design and implement efficient water management strategies
  Efficient water use
                                 and systems.

  Manage waste                   To incorporate designs that minimise waste as far as practicable.

  Maintain wellbeing             To specify and use low or non-toxic materials wherever possible.

                                 To consider environmental impacts as a key factor in our design
  Make the impact low
                                 decisions, and minimise any impacts as far as practicable.

                                 To incorporate the needs of local communities and related
 A sense of community
                                 infrastructure into our design processes.

                                 To communicate sustainable aspects of projects for informational
  Stay informed
                                 and educational purposes.




                                                     68
                                                    A NNUAL REP ORT 20 2 1




TOTAL G RO S S G H G E M I S S I O NS (tCO2e)         We have been measuring our carbon footprint with the
                                                      help of Toitū Envirocare since 2018 and our greenhouse
16,000                                     13,000
                                                      gas (GHG) emissions are certified in accordance with
12,000                                     12,000     ISO 14064-1 standards. Our initial carbon reduction
 8,000                                     11,000     commitment when we joined Toitū was to achieve a
                                                      5 percent reduction per $M turnover, covering a total
 4,000                                     10,000
                                                      of Scope 1, 2, and 3 programme-mandatory emissions,
     0                                     9,000      by the year 2023.
          2017 2018 2019 2020
         (BASE)                                       Following a 14 percent reduction in our carbon emissions per
                                                      $M turnover since 2017, we have lifted our target intensity to
          TOTAL GROSS EMISSIONS (LHS)
          NUMBER OF RESIDENTS (RHS)                   30 percent per $M turnover by 2023.
                                                      In 2020 we saw an increase in our total emissions. This was
G HG O P E RAT I O NA L E M I S S I O NS              primarily driven by an increase in electricity consumption in
BY SO U RC E                                          Australia as we opened new villages.
                                                      Unlike New Zealand, where 80 percent of the electricity
                                 ELECTRICITY
                                 (NZ) 29.5%
                                                      we use is renewable, coal and gas account for around
                                                      90 percent of Australia’s electricity generation.
                                 ELECTRICITY
                                 (VIC) 21.9%
                                                      As such, as we open further new villages in Australia we will
                                 NATURAL GAS          see an increase in our carbon footprint.
                                 15.0%
                                 AIR TRAVEL           However, we will continue our efforts to minimise this impact.
                                 11.9%
                                                      We have incorporated a number of design features into
                                 WASTE                our Aberfeldie village in Melbourne which will result in a
                                 16.8%
                                                      28 percent saving on heating and cooling consumption for
                                 FUEL
                                 5.0%                 apartment residents. We are currently considering further
                                                      initiatives that will help to offset emissions across the group.
TOTAL G RO S S G H G EM I S S I O NS P ER
$M TU RN OV E R (tCO2e)
                                                      Guarding against climate change
40
                                                      With climate change, weather events are becoming more
30                                                    extreme.
                                                      When choosing a site we look to see if it is susceptible to the
20                                                    impact of changes in weather- and climate-related risks.

10
                                                      We have emergency plans in place for every contingency,
                                                      and all our care centres have emergency power generators
 0                                                    on site as a safeguard. Our emergency power generators
       2017       2018       2019       2020          were used 83 times in the year to 31 March 2021.
      (BASE)



                                                              69
                                               RY MAN HEALT HCARE




  COM M U N ITY
CONVE R SATIO N S




    Artist’s impression, Aberfeldie village.

                                                       70
                                              A NNUAL REP ORT 20 2 1




Our most
sustainable village
Ryman’s most sustainable
village is quickly taking                       Features of the new Aberfeldie village include:
shape in Aberfeldie, Melbourne.                 • A 7 Star Nationwide House Energy Rating Scheme
                                                  (NatHERS) assessment, resulting in a 28 percent
The village includes a host of                    saving for apartment residents on heating and cooling
sustainable design features                       energy consumption
including rain gardens and a                    • A 25 percent saving on heating and cooling energy
solar energy generation system.                   consumption in public areas
The village’s energy rating is                  • A 100,000-litre (100 kilolitre) rainwater tank system which
top of its class and will save                    will provide garden irrigation and toilet flush water
28 percent on heating and                       • 100m² of rain gardens which will process stormwater
cooling energy consumption for                    run-off from the village, resulting in less pollution making
residents’ apartments.                            its way into Melbourne’s stormwater system
                                                • A solar generation system with a minimum total capacity
Designed into its roof space are                  of 39.5kW
158 photovoltaic panels, generating
39.5kW of power for the village.                • Electric vehicle charging stations provided on site to
                                                  encourage electric vehicle use
Its rooftop system will store rainwater for
gardening and for toilets, saving more          • Low volatile organic compound (VOC) paints and
than 1.3 million litres of water a year.          certified timber used throughout, which are kinder on the
                                                  environment as well as on the specialists using them
The footprint of the village, with low
rise blocks set across the site, meant          • Light-coloured roofing materials, which reduce heat
that it could be designed to maximise           • Use of the latest thermal window, LED lighting and building
sun, light and views, making it a                 system products to reduce energy consumption
lovely place to live, as well as more
environmentally sustainable.




                                                        71
                                         RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Alison Sutcliffe and Sandra Humphries,
Ryman residents.

                                                 72
    A NNUAL REP ORT 20 2 1




Providing a
sustainable
outcome
for all
stakeholders

              73
                                         RY MAN HEALT HCARE




How we measure our financial performance                        Our business model allows us
Growth in underlying profit is a key metric used within the     to recycle capital
business to measure our trading performance. This measure       Ryman’s origins date back to
incorporates our four earnings streams: care fees, management   1984, when our two founders
fees, realised resale gains, and development margins.           invested $10,000 to start their first
Our medium-term target is to double our underlying profit       development. The same model has
every 5 years. This equates to annual growth of 15 percent      evolved to enable us to turn $25 million
per annum and we remain committed to achieving this.            into more than $9.17 billion of assets.

We did not meet this target in FY21. While financial            Key to our success has been our
performance is important to all our stakeholders, so            ability to recycle our cash investment
too is the care we provide for older people.                    in a village while creating a recurring
                                                                income stream that grows over time.
In early January 2020 we made the decision to do everything     This means that by the time we’ve
we could to keep our residents and staff safe and turn our      sold the occupation rights to the
villages into safe havens.                                      apartments and townhouses in a new
A benefit of being a profitable company was that we             village, it has paid for the construction
were able to spend what we needed to in order to keep           of those apartments and townhouses
everyone safe. Our response to COVID-19 has totalled            as well as the community assets
over $50 million and we are now holding pandemic levels         and the care centre of that village.
of personal protective equipment for future use.                We continue to target recycling our
                                                                cash investment and establish future
This investment has been well spent. As a company we
                                                                recurring income streams.
look after more than 12,500 residents and 6,100 staff, and
have over 4,500 contractors across our 41 villages and          We expect to collect $2.8 billion of
12 construction sites. At the date of printing this annual      capital proceeds from the 12 sites
report, no-one has tested positive for COVID-19.                currently under development.
                                                                Collectively, those sites will recycle
                                                                capital, which is always our objective.
                                                                And on completion, these 12 villages
                                                                will establish a recurring income stream
                                                                of around $220 million per annum that
                                                                will continue to grow over time.




                                                   74
                                             A NNUAL REP ORT 20 2 1




Our debt is used to build new villages                                The government’s 5 year- 5 pillar plan
                                                                      commits to major reform of home
Our debt increased to $2.25 billion, reflecting our expansion into
                                                                      care, residential aged-care quality
Victoria and a lift in our construction activity, which sees us now
                                                                      and safety, residential aged-care
building across 12 sites. This is our biggest-ever build programme.
                                                                      services and sustainability, workforce,
The vast majority of this debt is used to fund our land bank          and governance.
and the development of our new villages. This is why we, and
                                                                      The plan includes increased funding
our funding partners, regard our debt as productive debt. By
                                                                      for residential aged-care providers
the time we have developed and sold down all the villages in
                                                                      to improve care, service and
our land bank, we would have very little bank debt while still
                                                                      contact time with staff along with a
generating strong earnings and cash flows.
                                                                      commitment to grow a skilled and
                                                                      professional workforce.
We’re providing our residents with greater choice                     This commitment has been
on how to pay for their care                                          well received by the sector, with
                                                                      demand for what we do stronger
At the end of the financial year we launched refundable
                                                                      than ever and growing.
accommodation deposits (RADs) for our aged-care rooms
in New Zealand.                                                       Penetration rates in both New Zealand
                                                                      and Australia have continued to lift, and
RADs provide our care residents with an alternative way to
                                                                      the growth opportunities for us in both
pay the accommodation portion for their residential aged care.
                                                                      markets is supported by an ageing
To pay for their accommodation, they can now pay either a             population and an undersupply of quality
daily fee, an accommodation deposit which is fully refunded           retirement living and care options.
when the room is vacated, or a combination of the two options.
                                                                      We are well placed to meet these
RADs are commonplace in Australia. The introduction of                demands. Our current development
these into our New Zealand business will enable us                    programme is spread across 12 sites in
to recycle capital more quickly at a village and means the            New Zealand and Victoria, reducing
funding models in both countries are much more aligned.               our construction and sales risks as well
                                                                      as our exposure to any one market.

We are well positioned to meet the demands of                         We have a well-consented land bank
                                                                      and it is of a sufficient size that we
an ageing population
                                                                      are not dependent on any new site
Following a lengthy Royal Commission investigation into               acquisitions to support our build rate
aged care, the Australian Government has committed                    over the next 3 years.
a further $17.7 billion to the sector in response to the
recommendation made by the Commissioners.




                                                        75
                                RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Helen Thomas, Ryman resident.

                                        76
    A NNUAL REP ORT 20 2 1




Embracing
innovation
and
technology

              77
          RY MAN HEALT HCARE




This year we will trial
emerging smart home
technologies and ways to
make it easier for residents
to engage with technology,
including voice.




                  78
                                             A NNUAL REP ORT 20 2 1




                       Rick Davies
                                             “Our technology teams will remain
             HE A D O F T EC H N O LO GY      relentlessly focused on improving
                    A N D I N N OVAT I O N
                                              the resident experience.”

Building on myRyman                            Cyber security remains a critical focus
Our myRyman app revolutionised the             Our clinical care systems depend on safe and reliable
way we approach aged care. The days            information systems. As a healthcare provider Ryman
of caregivers and nurses handwriting           safeguards sensitive information on behalf of many
notes at the nurses’ station have been         vulnerable people. We also look after sensitive commercial
replaced with digital record keeping,          information, and failing to safeguard any of these areas puts
an exponential increase in data-driven         us at risk.
insights, and more time for our team           As part of our induction process, all new Rymanians
to do what they love doing – spending          undergo data privacy training. During the year we
time with residents.                           launched an ongoing internal cyber security awareness
We continued to develop myRyman                campaign to train our people. These campaigns focus on
during the year. We introduced                 educating people on how to avoid security risks such as
additional automation and efficiencies         phishing attacks, and on the importance of multi-factor
for our carers, along with the ability for     authentication and secure passwords.
allied health professionals to integrate       To further improve our cyber security processes several
to myRyman.                                    external reviews and assessments are completed on a regular
There is more to come. In the next             basis. Cyber security is dynamic and evolving, so continual
12 months we plan to expand the                education of our people, and ongoing reassessment of
myRyman platform to put technology             processes and technology, is fundamental to ensuring the
into the hands of our serviced and             Ryman environment is as protected as possible.
independent residents. This will allow
residents to easily engage with village
life, build social connections, improve
wellbeing and access care services.
It will also provide a platform for the
rapid delivery of future innovative
services for residents.
Across the wider business we expect
to see a significant improvement in
efficiencies as we continue to evolve
our processes, ensuring they are fit for
purpose and providing our team with
the tools and support they need.




                                                       79
                                RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Ann Groom and Henry Claassen,
Ryman residents.

                                        80
     A NNUAL REP ORT 20 2 1




Our
financials


               81
        RY MAN HEALT HCARE




We have responded well
to the challenges that
COVID-19 has presented
and we are well placed,
with a strong balance
sheet, to take Ryman to
more communities.




                82
                                                     A NNUAL REP ORT 20 2 1




6-year summary
FO R THE YE A R END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 1
                                                          2021            2020         2019           2018          2017          2016

Financial
Underlying profit (non-GAAP)                  $m          224.4           242.0        227.0          203.5         178.3          157.7
Reported net profit after tax                 $m          423.1           264.7       326.0           388.2        356.7         305.4
Net operating cash flows                      $m           413.1          449.8        401.4          349.3        322.8          315.5
Net assets                                    $m        2,829.2          2,301.0      2,170.1      1,940.5         1,652.1       1,327.5
Interest-bearing debt to interest-
bearing debt plus equity ratio                 %           44%             42%          38%            35%          34%            29%

Dividend per share                         cents           22.4            24.2         22.7           20.4          17.8           15.8

Villages
New sales of occupation rights                no.          503              513          414           458           600            518
Resales of occupation rights                  no.           925             923         824            825            718          690
Total sales of occupation rights              no.         1,428           1,436        1,238          1,283         1,318         1,208

Land bank (to be developed) 1,2               no.         6,146           6,595       6,593           5,952        5,554           4,211
Portfolio:
Aged-care beds                                no.         4,087            3,911      3,660           3,367         3,281          3,121
Retirement-village units                      no.         7,983           7,423       6,878           6,414        5,968          5,347
Total units and beds                          no.        12,070           11,334     10,538           9,781        9,249         8,468

1 Includes retirement-village units and aged-care beds.
2 Of the 6,146 units and beds in the land bank, 2,651 are subject to resource and building consent.


                                                           2021           2020         2019           2018          2017          2016


Underlying profit (non-GAAP)                  $m          224.4           242.0        227.0          203.5         178.3          157.7
Plus unrealised fair-value movement
on retirement-village units                   $m          201.2           (70.9)       102.4          185.3         184.7          151.6
Plus deferred tax movement                    $m            12.6           93.6         (3.4)          (0.6)         (6.3)         (3.9)
Less impairment – loss on disposal            $m           (15.1)                -            -              -             -             -
Reported net profit after tax                 $m           423.1          264.7       326.0           388.2        356.7         305.4

Underlying profit is a non-GAAP* measure and differs from NZ IFRS profit for the year. Underlying profit does not have a standardised
meaning prescribed by GAAP and so may not be comparable to similar financial information presented by other entities.
The Group uses underlying profit, with other measures, to measure performance. Underlying profit is a measure that the Group uses
consistently across reporting periods.
Underlying profit includes realised movement on investment property for units in which a right-to-occupy has been sold during the
period and for which a legally binding contract is in place at the reporting date. The occupancy advance for these units may have been
received or be included within the trade receivables balance at reporting date.
Underlying profit excludes deferred taxation, taxation expense, unrealised movement on investment properties, and impairment losses
on non-trading assets because these items do not reflect the trading performance of the Company. Underlying profit determines the
dividend payout to shareholders.
* Generally Accepted Accounting Principles.




                                                                    83
                                                  RY M AN HEALT HCARE




The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.


                                                              84
                                         A NNUAL REP ORT 20 2 1




Financial statements

86    Primary statements
      86    Consolidated income statement
      87    Consolidated statement of comprehensive income
      88    Consolidated statement of changes in equity
      89    Consolidated balance sheet
      90    Consolidated statement of cash flows

91    Notes to the consolidated financial statements
      91    Statement of compliance
      91    Basis of preparation
      91    Measurement base
      91    Critical judgements in applying accounting policies
      92    Adopting new and amended standards and interpretations
      92    Standards and Interpretations on issue but not yet adopted
      92    COVID-19
      92    Summary of significant accounting policies
      100   Other notes
            100     Operating expenses
            101     Depreciation and amortisation expense
            101     Finance costs
            102     Income tax
            104     Trade and other receivables
            105     Property, plant and equipment
            108     Investment properties
            110     Intangible assets
            111     Cash and cash equivalents
            111     Trade and other payables
            112     Employee entitlements
            112     Interest-bearing loans and borrowings
            114     Lease liabilities
            115     Occupancy advances (non-interest bearing)
            116     Share capital
            116     Reserves
            118     Dividends
            118     Related-party transactions
            119     Key management personnel compensation
            119     Financial instruments
            129     Commitments
            129     Contingent liabilities
            129     Reconciliation of net profit after tax with net cash flow from operating activities
            130     Subsidiary companies
            130     Segment information
            132     Employee share schemes
            133     Subsequent events
            133     Authorisation

134   Independent auditor’s report
                                                      85
                                                  RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Consolidated income statement
FO R THE YE AR END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 1
                                                                       Notes           2021        2020
                                                                                      $000         $000

Care fees                                                                            359,241     333,398
Management fees                                                                       93,170       88,713
Interest received                                                                        103         547
Other income                                                                          3,280         1,225
Total revenue                                                                       455,794     423,883

Fair-value movement of investment properties                               7        416,847      144,438
Total income                                                                        872,641      568,321

Operating expenses                                                             1   (395,306)    (349,249)
Depreciation and amortisation expense                                      2        (32,368)     (28,616)
Finance costs                                                              3        (19,365)     (19,309)
Loss on disposal                                                           6         (15,102)           -
Total expenses                                                                     (462,141)    (397,174)

Profit before income tax                                                            410,500       171,147
Income-tax credit                                                          4          12,561      93,563
Profit for the year                                                                 423,061      264,710

Earnings per share
Basic and diluted (cents per share)                                       15            84.6        52.9




The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.


                                                              86
                                                       A NNUAL REP ORT 20 2 1




Consolidated statement of comprehensive income
FO R THE YE A R END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 1
                                                                                      Notes                2021               2020
                                                                                                          $000                $000

Profit for the year                                                                                    423,061              264,710

Items that will not be later reclassified to profit or loss
Revaluation of property, plant and equipment (unrealised)                             6, 16a            195,793                       -
                                                                                                        195,793                       -
Items that may be later reclassified to profit or loss
Fair-value movement and reclassification of cash-flow hedge reserve                     16b               7,057             (10,416)
Deferred tax movement recognised in cash-flow hedge reserve                             16b              (1,976)               2,916
Movement in cost of hedging reserve                                                      16c              3,753                       -
Deferred tax movement in cost of hedging reserve                                         16c              (1,051)                     -
(Loss)/Gain on hedge of foreign-owned subsidiary net assets                             16d              (4,414)               1,205
Gain/(Loss) on translation of foreign operations                                        16d              16,546              (5,674)
                                                                                                          19,915            (11,969)
Other comprehensive income                                                                              215,708             (11,969)
Total comprehensive income                                                                             638,769              252,741




All profit and total comprehensive income is attributable to parent company shareholders and is derived from continuing operations.
The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.


                                                                 87
                                                   RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Consolidated statement of changes in equity
FO R THE YE AR END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 1
                                                             Cash-                    Foreign-
                                                  Asset       flow       Cost of     currency
                                   Issued    revaluation    hedge       hedging    translation   Treasury    Retained       Total
                         Notes     capital      reserve    reserve      reserve        reserve      stock    earnings      equity
                                    $000          $000      $000          $000          $000       $000        $000         $000

Balance at
1 April 2019                      33,290        257,775    (9,643)             -      (5,876) (27,465)      1,922,049    2,170,130
Profit for the year          16          -             -            -          -             -          -     264,710     264,710
Other comprehensive          16
income for the year                      -             -   (7,500)             -      (4,469)           -            -    (11,969)
Total comprehensive          16
income for the year                      -             -   (7,500)             -      (4,469)           -     264,710     252,741
Treasury stock               16
movement                                 -             -            -          -             -    (4,894)            -     (4,894)
Dividends paid to            17
shareholders                             -             -            -          -             -          -    (117,000)   (117,000)
Balance at
31 March 2020                     33,290        257,775    (17,143)            -     (10,345) (32,359)      2,069,759 2,300,977

Balance at
1 April 2020                      33,290        257,775    (17,143)            -     (10,345) (32,359)      2,069,759 2,300,977
Profit for the year          16          -             -            -          -             -          -     423,061     423,061
Other comprehensive          16
income for the year                      -      195,793      5,081        2,702         12,132          -            -    215,708
Total comprehensive          16
income for the year                      -      195,793      5,081        2,702         12,132          -     423,061     638,769
Treasury stock               16
movement                                 -             -            -          -             -    (3,030)            -     (3,030)
Dividends paid to            17
shareholders                             -             -            -          -             -          -   (107,500)    (107,500)
Balance at
31 March 2021                     33,290       453,568 (12,062)           2,702          1,787 (35,389) 2,385,320 2,829,216




The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.


                                                               88
                                                  A NNUAL REP ORT 20 2 1




Consolidated balance sheet
AT 3 1 M ARC H 2 02 1
                                                                           Notes         2021         2020
                                                                                        $000          $000

Assets
Cash and cash equivalents                                                      9        20,171       34,374
Trade and other receivables                                                    5      542,798      425,942
Inventory                                                                              26,738              -
Advances to employees                                                         26         11,141      10,224
Property, plant and equipment                                                  6     1,658,583     1,386,072
Investment properties                                                          7    6,837,278     5,760,060
Intangible assets                                                              8       42,444         38,119
Deferred tax asset (net)                                                       4       32,456        22,455
Total assets                                                                        9,171,609     7,677,246

Equity
Issued capital                                                                15       33,290        33,290
Reserves                                                                      16      410,606       197,928
Retained earnings                                                             16f   2,385,320     2,069,759
Total equity                                                                        2,829,216     2,300,977

Liabilities
Trade and other payables                                                      10      106,072       183,975
Employee entitlements                                                          11      32,034        25,678
Revenue in advance                                                                      71,817       64,301
Derivative financial instruments                                              20        28,611       23,809
Refundable accommodation deposits                                                      113,666        74,571
Interest-bearing loans and borrowings                                         12    2,274,093       1,741,613
Occupancy advances (non-interest bearing)                                     14     3,702,215     3,247,177
Lease liabilities                                                             13       13,885         15,145
Total liabilities                                                                   6,342,393     5,376,269

Total equity and liabilities                                                        9,171,609     7,677,246

Net tangible assets
Basic and diluted (cents per share)                                           15        557.4         452.6




The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.


                                                              89
                                                  RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Consolidated statement of cash flows
FO R THE YE AR END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 1
                                                                       Notes        2021         2020
                                                                                   $000         $000

Operating activities
Receipts from residents                                                   23     1,176,401    1,129,933
Interest received                                                                    229           573
Payments to suppliers and employees                                             (421,135)    (345,765)
Receipt from Government for wage subsidy                                           14,227             -
Repayment to Government for wage subsidy                                         (14,227)             -
Payments to residents                                                           (323,810)    (315,903)
Interest paid                                                                    (18,566)     (19,047)
Net operating cash flows                                                  23      413,119     449,791

Investing activities
Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                       (219,416)    (265,177)
Purchase of intangible assets                                                     (9,462)       (9,712)
Purchase of investment properties                                              (577,504)      (401,612)
Capitalised interest paid                                                        (37,179)      (34,911)
Advances to employees                                                               (917)       (2,071)
Net investing cash flows                                                       (844,478)     (713,483)

Financing activities
(Repayment)/Drawdown of bank loans (net)                                         (36,713)      421,874
Proceeds from the issue of retail bonds                                         150,000               -
Proceeds from US Private Placement notes                                         416,874              -
Dividends paid                                                                  (107,500)     (117,000)
Purchase of treasury stock (net)                                                  (3,029)      (4,895)
Repayment of lease liabilities                                                    (2,476)       (1,913)
Net financing cash flows                                                         417,156     298,066

Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                            (14,203)       34,374
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                            34,374              -
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year                                   20,171      34,374




The accompanying notes form part of these financial statements.


                                                              90
                                               A NNUAL REP ORT 20 2 1




Notes to the consolidated financial statements
FO R THE YE A R END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 1



The notes to the financial statements include                     The accounting policies set out below have been
information which is considered relevant and material             consistently applied in preparing the financial
to assist the reader in understanding changes in                  statements for the year ended 31 March 2021.
the Group’s financial position and performance.                   These policies have also been applied to the
Information is considered relevant and material if:               comparative information presented for the year
                                                                  ended 31 March 2020.
•   the amount is significant because of its size
    or nature                                                     The information is presented in thousands of
•   it is important for understanding the results of              New Zealand dollars.
    the Group                                                     All reference to AUD refers to Australian dollars.
•   it helps explain changes in the Group’s business
                                                                  All reference to USD refers to US dollars.
•   it relates to an aspect of the Group’s operations
    that is important to future performance.                      MEASUREMENT BASE

STATEMENT OF COMPLIANCE                                           The Group follows the accounting principles
                                                                  recognised as appropriate for measuring and reporting
The financial statements presented are those of                   financial performance and financial position on a
Ryman Healthcare Limited (the Company), and its                   historical-cost basis, except when:
subsidiaries (the Group). Ryman Healthcare Limited is
a profit-oriented entity incorporated in New Zealand              •   certain property, plant and equipment is
that develops, owns, and operates integrated                          subject to revaluation (note 6)
retirement villages, resthomes, and hospitals for the             •   investment property is measured at fair
elderly within New Zealand and Australia.                             value (note 7)

Ryman Healthcare Limited is a Financial Markets                   •   certain financial assets and liabilities are
Conduct Act reporting entity under the Financial                      measured at fair value (note 20).
Reporting Act 2013 and the Financial Markets Conduct
                                                                  CRITICAL JUD GEMENTS IN APPLYING
Act 2013. Its financial statements comply with these Acts.
                                                                  ACCOUNTING P OLICIES
The consolidated financial statements have been
                                                                  In applying the Group’s accounting policies,
prepared in line with Generally Accepted Accounting
                                                                  management must make judgements, estimates,
Principles in New Zealand (NZ GAAP). The statements
                                                                  and assumptions about the carrying value of assets
comply with New Zealand equivalents to International
                                                                  and liabilities that are not readily apparent from
Financial Reporting Standards (NZ IFRS) and other
                                                                  direct sources.
applicable financial reporting standards.
                                                                  The estimates and associated assumptions are based
The consolidated financial statements also comply
                                                                  on historical experience and various other factors that
with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS).
                                                                  are reasonable under the circumstances. The results
BASIS OF PREPARATION                                              form the basis of making the judgements. Actual
                                                                  results may differ from these estimates.
Accounting policies are selected and applied in a
way that ensures the resulting financial information              The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed
satisfies the concepts of relevance and reliability, and          on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates
the substance of the underlying transactions or other             are recognised in the period in which the estimate
events is reported.                                               is revised, if the revision affects only that period.
                                                                  Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised
                                                                  in the period of the revision and future periods, if the
                                                                  revision affects both current and future periods.




                                                             91
                                              RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
FO R THE YE AR END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 1



The following accounting policies and notes contain             Under lockdown conditions the ability of new residents
information about significant areas of estimation               to enter villages is limited, meaning fewer sales can
uncertainty and critical judgements in applying                 be settled, and the restrictions at development sites
accounting policies that have the most significant              results in construction activity being reduced. The
effect on the amounts recognised in the financial               Group continues to adapt its policies and procedures
statements.                                                     to operate in the conditions created by COVID-19.
•   Valuation of property, plant and equipment –                The Group has assessed the impact of COVID-19
    policy (d) and note 6                                       and has concluded that additional uncertainty
•   Valuation of investment property –                          regarding the valuation of property, plant and
    policy (f) and note 7.                                      equipment (note 6) and valuation of investment
                                                                properties (note 7) has resulted from the pandemic.
AD OPTING NEW AND AMENDED                                       Further disclosure as to the impact of COVID-19 is
STANDARDS AND INTERPRETATIONS                                   included in the relevant notes.
In the current year, the Group adopted all mandatory            SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
new and amended standards and interpretations.                  P OLICIES

STANDARDS AND INTERPRETATIONS ON                                The following significant accounting policies have
ISSUE BUT NOT YET AD OPTED                                      been adopted to prepare and present the financial
                                                                statements of the Group.
We are not aware of any NZ IFRS Standards or
Interpretations that have recently been issued or               a. Basis of consolidation – purchase method
amended that have not yet been adopted by the Group
that would materially impact the Group for the annual               The consolidated financial statements are
report period ending 31 March 2021.                                 prepared by combining the financial statements of
                                                                    all the entities that comprise the Group, being the
C OVID -19                                                          Company (the parent entity) and its subsidiaries
                                                                    as defined in NZ IFRS 10 Consolidated Financial
The outbreak of COVID-19, declared by the World Health
                                                                    Statements. A list of subsidiaries appears in note
Organization as a global pandemic on 11 March 2020,
                                                                    24 to the financial statements.
resulted in an increase in uncertainty in both global
and local markets.                                                  Consistent accounting policies are used
                                                                    to prepare and present the consolidated
Both New Zealand and Australia have responded well
                                                                    financial statements. All significant inter-company
to the virus with strong public health measures and
                                                                    transactions and balances are eliminated in full
a range of economic stimulus packages. However,
                                                                    on consolidation.
despite the response, there remains uncertainty
as to the ongoing impact of the virus on market                     The financial statements of subsidiaries are prepared
conditions in New Zealand and Australia. In Australia,              for the same reporting period as the parent company,
Victoria has been through two waves of infection and                using consistent accounting policies.
corresponding lockdowns, succeeding in reducing the                 Income and expenses for each subsidiary whose
spread of infection, and New Zealand has responded                  functional currency is not New Zealand dollars are
with localised increases in alert level to suppress                 translated at exchange rates that approximate
transmission of the virus.                                          the rates at the actual dates of the transactions.
Throughout the pandemic the Group’s primary focus                   Assets and liabilities of such subsidiaries are
has been to protect the safety of both residents and                translated at exchange rates at balance date.
staff. When necessary, access restrictions have been                All resulting exchange differences are recognised
put in place at villages, additional personal protective            in the foreign-currency translation reserve, which
equipment has been procured for staff, and other costs              is a separate component of equity.
have been incurred in supporting residents and staff.

                                                           92
                                            A NNUAL REP ORT 20 2 1




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
FO R THE YE A R END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 1



b. Revenue recognition                                          Interest received
   The Group recognises revenue and income from                 Interest income is recognised in the income
   the following major sources.                                 statement as it accrues, using the effective
                                                                interest method.
   •   Care fees
   •   Management fees                                       c. Borrowing costs
   •   Interest received.                                       Borrowing costs directly attributable to the
   Revenue and income are recognised as follows.                acquisition, construction, or production of
                                                                qualifying assets (assets that take a substantial
   Care fees                                                    period of time to get ready for their intended use)
   Care-facility and retirement-village service                 are added to the cost of those assets until the
   fees are linked to providing service on a specific           assets are substantially ready for use.
   day (service date). Revenue from care and                    All other borrowing costs are recognised in profit
   retirement-village service fees are recognised on            and loss in the period in which they are incurred.
   completion of the service date.
                                                             d. Property, plant and equipment
   Management fees
   Residents of the Group’s independent-living units            Property, plant and equipment comprises
   and serviced apartments pay a management                     completed care facilities, corporate assets and
   fee for the right to share in the use of the                 land (including long-term leases of land), and care
   village centre and other common facilities. The              facilities under development.
   management fee is calculated as a percentage of              All property, plant and equipment is initially
   the occupation-right agreement amount. The fee               recorded at cost. Typically, these costs include
   accrues monthly, for a set period, based on the              the cost of land, materials, wages, and interest
   terms of individual contracts.                               incurred during the period required to complete
   Management fees are recognised on a straight-line            and prepare the asset for its intended use.
   basis over the period of service.                            Following initial recognition at cost, completed
   The period is determined as being the greater of             care-facility land and buildings are carried at a
   the expected period of tenure, or the contractual            revalued amount, which is the fair value at the
   right to management fees.                                    date of the revaluation, less any subsequent
                                                                accumulated depreciation on buildings and
   The expected periods of tenure, based on                     accumulated impairment losses.
   historical experience across our villages, are
   estimated to be 7 years for independent units                Independent valuations are performed with
   and 3 to 4 years for serviced units. The estimated           sufficient regularity to ensure that the carrying
   expected periods of tenure are unchanged from                amount does not differ materially from the asset’s
   last year.                                                   fair value at the balance-sheet date.

   The timing of when management fees are                       Any revaluation surplus is recorded in other
   recognised is an accounting estimate. Historical             comprehensive income and credited to the
   experience across all villages is used in                    asset revaluation reserve included in the equity
   determining periods of tenure.                               section of the balance sheet, unless it reverses a
                                                                revaluation decrease of the same asset previously
                                                                recognised in the income statement. In this case,
                                                                the increase is credited to the income statement
                                                                to the extent of the decrease previously charged.




                                                        93
                                               RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
FO R THE YE AR END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 1



   Any revaluation deficit is recognised in the income            f.   Investment properties
   statement unless it directly offsets a previous
                                                                       Investment properties include land and buildings
   surplus of the same asset in the asset revaluation
                                                                       (including long-term leases of land), equipment
   reserve, in which case the revaluation deficit is
                                                                       and furnishings relating to retirement-village units
   recorded in other comprehensive income.
                                                                       and community facilities, including units and
   In addition, any accumulated depreciation at the                    facilities under development. They are intended to
   revaluation date is eliminated against the gross                    be held for the long term to earn rental income and
   carrying amount of the asset, and the net amount                    for capital appreciation.
   is restated to the revalued amount of the asset.
                                                                       Retirement-village units and community facilities
   On disposal, any revaluation reserve relating to                    are revalued on a semi-annual basis and restated
   the particular asset being sold is transferred to                   to fair value as determined by an independent
   retained earnings.                                                  registered valuer. Any change in fair value is taken to
                                                                       the income statement. The fair value is determined
   An item of property, plant and equipment is
                                                                       using discounted cash-flow methodology.
   derecognised on disposal or when no future
   economic benefits are expected to arise from the                    Rental income from investment properties, being the
   continued use of the asset.                                         management fee and retirement-village service fees,
                                                                       is accounted for in line with accounting policy (b).
   Any gain or loss arising on disposal of the asset
   (calculated as the difference between the net
                                                                  g. Intangible assets
   disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the
   item) is included in the income statement in the                    Expenditure on research activities is recognised as
   period the item is derecognised.                                    an expense in the period in which it is incurred.
                                                                       An internally generated intangible software
e. Depreciation
                                                                       asset arising from development (or from the
   Depreciation is provided on all property, plant                     development phase of an internal project) is
   and equipment, other than freehold land, at                         only recognised if all the following criteria have
   straight-line (SL) rates calculated to allocate the                 been demonstrated.
   assets’ cost or valuation, less estimated residual
                                                                       •   It is technically feasible to complete the
   value, over their estimated useful lives, starting from
                                                                           intangible asset so that it is available for
   the time the assets are ready for use, as follows.
                                                                           use or sale.
   •   Buildings                                  2% SL                •   The Group intends to complete the
   •   Plant and equipment                  10–20% SL                      intangible asset and use or sell it.
   •   Furniture and fittings                   20% SL                 •   The intangible asset can be used or sold.
   •   Motor vehicles                           20% SL                 •   Probable future economic benefits of the
                                                                           intangible asset can be generated.
   The estimated useful lives, residual value and
   depreciation method are reviewed at the end                         •   Adequate technical, financial, and other
   of each reporting period, with the effect of                            resources are available to complete
   any changes in estimate accounted for on a                              the development and use or sell the
   prospective basis.                                                      intangible asset.
                                                                       •   The expenditure attributable to the
   No depreciation is provided for investment
                                                                           intangible asset can be measured
   properties.
                                                                           during its development.
   Right-of-use assets relating to leases are
                                                                       The amount initially recognised for internally
   depreciated on a straight-line basis over the
                                                                       generated intangible assets is the sum of the
   term of the lease.
                                                                       expenditure incurred from the date when the

                                                             94
                                              A NNUAL REP ORT 20 2 1




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
FO R THE YE A R END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 1



   intangible asset first meets the recognition criteria              Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses,
   listed above. Where no internally generated                        the carrying amount of the asset (cash-generating
   intangible asset can be recognised, development                    unit) is increased to the revised estimate of its
   expenditure is recognised in profit or loss in the                 recoverable amount. However, this is only to the
   period in which it is incurred.                                    extent that the increased carrying amount does
                                                                      not exceed the carrying amount that would have
   After initial recognition, internally generated
                                                                      been determined had no impairment loss been
   intangible assets are reported at cost less
                                                                      recognised for the asset (cash-generating unit) in
   accumulated amortisation and accumulated
                                                                      prior years.
   impairment losses, on the same basis as intangible
   assets that are acquired separately.                               A reversal of an impairment loss is immediately
                                                                      recognised as income, unless the asset is carried at
   Internally generated intangible assets are
                                                                      fair value. In this case, the reversal of the impairment
   amortised using the straight-line (SL) method at
                                                                      loss is treated as a revaluation increase.
   a rate of 10 percent from the point at which the
   asset is ready for use. Amortisation is recognised
                                                                 i.   Leases
   in profit or loss.
                                                                      Apart from short-term or low-value assets, leases
h. Impairment of assets                                               are included on the balance sheet through the
                                                                      recognition of right-of-use assets and associated
   At each interim and annual balance-sheet
                                                                      lease liabilities. Right-of-use assets are presented
   date, the Group reviews the carrying amounts
                                                                      within property, plant and equipment.
   of its assets to determine whether there is any
   indication that those assets have suffered an                      At inception of the lease a lease liability is
   impairment loss. If such an indication exists, the                 calculated based on the present value of the
   recoverable amount of the asset is estimated to                    remaining cash flows, discounted using the
   determine the extent of any impairment loss.                       Group’s incremental borrowing rate. Subsequently,
                                                                      the lease liability is adjusted for interest and
   Where the asset does not generate cash flows
                                                                      lease payments, as well as the impact of lease
   that are independent from other assets, the
                                                                      modifications. The right-of-use asset is initially
   Group estimates the recoverable amount of the
                                                                      measured at the value of the initial lease liability,
   cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.
                                                                      and subsequently measured at cost less
   Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value                     accumulated depreciation, adjusted for any
   less costs to sell and value in use. In assessing                  remeasurement of the lease liability.
   value in use, the estimated future cash flows are
                                                                      Where a lease contract contains both lease
   discounted to their present value. The Group
                                                                      and non-lease components (for example, tower
   uses a discount rate that reflects current market
                                                                      cranes), the Group does not separate non-lease
   assessments of the time value of money and the
                                                                      components from lease components, and instead
   risks specific to the asset, for which the estimates
                                                                      accounts for the whole contract as a lease.
   of future cash flows have not been adjusted.
                                                                      The Group calculates its incremental borrowing
   If the recoverable amount of an asset
                                                                      rate with reference to the external borrowing
    (cash-generating unit) is estimated to be
                                                                      facilities available to the Group. The incremental
   less than its carrying amount, the carrying
                                                                      borrowing rate is used to measure lease liabilities.
   amount of the asset (cash-generating unit)
   is reduced to its recoverable amount.                              Depreciation and finance costs associated with
                                                                      right-of-use assets and lease liabilities associated
   An impairment loss is immediately recognised as
                                                                      with equipment used in the construction of assets
   an expense, unless the asset is carried at fair value.
                                                                      are capitalised as a cost of constructing the asset.
   In this case, the impairment loss is treated as a
   revaluation decrease.


                                                            95
                                               RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
FO R THE YE AR END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 1



     The lease payment for short-term leases and                 Trade receivables are written off when there
     leases of low-value assets is recognised in the             is no realistic chance of recovery.
     profit and loss over the lease term.
                                                                 Occupancy advances
     Long-term leases of land are recognised
                                                                 Occupation agreements confer to residents the
     within property, plant and equipment and
                                                                 right of occupancy of the retirement-village unit for
     investment property.
                                                                 life, or until the resident terminates the agreement.
j.   Revenue in advance                                          Amounts payable under occupation agreements
     Revenue in advance represents those amounts by              (occupancy advances) are non-interest bearing
     which the management fees over the contractual              and recorded as a liability in the balance sheet,
     period exceed recognition of the management fee             net of management fees and resident loans
     based on expected tenure.                                   receivable. The resident-occupancy advance
                                                                 is initially recognised at fair value and later at
k. Financial instruments                                         amortised cost.

     Financial assets and financial liabilities are              As the resident may terminate their occupancy
     recognised on the Group’s balance sheet when                with limited notice, and the occupancy advance is
     the Group becomes party to the contractual                  non-interest bearing, the occupancy advance has
     provisions of the instrument.                               demand features and so is carried at face value,
                                                                 which is the original advance received.
     Cash and cash equivalents
                                                                 The advance, net of management fee, is repayable
     Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on                  following both the termination of the occupation
     hand, cash in banks and on-demand deposits,                 agreement and the settlement of a new occupancy
     and other short-term, highly liquid investments             advance for the same retirement-village unit.
     readily convertible to a known amount of cash
     and subject to an insignificant risk of changes in          Refundable accommodation deposits
     value. This includes all call borrowing, such as            Refundable accommodation deposits relate
     bank overdrafts, used by the Group as part of               to deposits held on behalf of residents who
     its day-to-day cash management.                             reside in rooms in the care centres in Australia
                                                                 and New Zealand. Refundable accommodation
     Financial assets at amortised costs
                                                                 deposits confer to residents the right of
     Trade receivables are held to collect contractual           occupancy of the room for life, or until the resident
     cash flows. The cash flows are the payment of               terminates the agreement.
     principal and interest.
                                                                 Amounts payable under refundable
     Trade receivables are measured at amortised                 accommodation deposits are non-interest bearing
     cost, less any impairment. This is equivalent to            and recorded as a liability in the balance sheet.
     fair value, being the receivable face (or nominal)
     value, less appropriate allowances for estimated            As the resident may terminate their occupancy
     irrecoverable amounts.                                      with limited notice, and the refundable
                                                                 accommodation deposit is non-interest bearing,
     The allowance recognised is the lifetime expected           the refundable accommodation deposit has
     credit losses based on an assessment of each                demand features and so is carried at face value,
     individual debtor. It is estimated based on the             which is the original deposit received.
     Group’s historical credit loss experience and
     general economic conditions. Expected credit                The deposit is repayable following the termination
     loss represents the expected credit losses that will        of the right-to-occupy.
     result from all possible default events over
      the expected life of the debtor.


                                                            96
                                               A NNUAL REP ORT 20 2 1




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
FO R THE YE A R END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 1



   Trade and other payables                                            Amounts deferred in equity are recycled in profit
   Trade and other payables are measured at                            or loss in the periods when the hedged item is
   amortised cost. This is equivalent to the face (or                  recognised in profit.
   nominal) value of payables, which is assumed to                     When Group-swap arrangements meet the
   approximate their fair value.                                       requirements of fair-value hedge accounting,
                                                                       changes in the fair value of the swaps are taken
   Interest-bearing loans and borrowings
                                                                       directly to the income statement for the year, to
   Bank loans and borrowings are initially recorded                    offset the change in fair value of the hedged item
   at fair value, less directly attributable transaction               also recorded in the income statement.
   costs. After initial recognition, loans and
   borrowings are measured at amortised cost. Any                      Changes in the fair value of the cost to convert
   differences between the initial amount recognised                   foreign currency to New Zealand dollars (NZD)
   and the redemption value is recognised in profit                    of cross-currency interest-rate swaps are
   and loss using the effective interest-rate method.                  separately accounted for as a cost of hedging
                                                                       and recognised within a new reserve within equity
   Fair-value estimation                                               (cost of hedging reserve).
   The fair value of financial assets and financial
                                                                       Hedges of a net investment
   liabilities must be estimated for recognition and
   measurement, or for disclosure purposes.                            Hedges of a net investment in a foreign operation,
                                                                       including a hedge of a monetary item that is
   The face (or nominal) value less estimated credit                   accounted for as part of the net investment,
   adjustments of trade receivables and payables is                    are accounted for in two ways. Gains or losses
   assumed to approximate their fair values.                           relating to the effective portion of the hedge are
                                                                       recognised in other comprehensive income. Any
   Hedge accounting
                                                                       gains or losses relating to the ineffective portion of
   The Group designates certain derivatives as                         the hedge are recognised in profit or loss.
   hedging instruments. At the start of the hedge
   relationship, the Group documents the relationship             l.   Employee entitlements
   between the hedging instrument and the
   hedged item. Risk management objectives and                         A liability for benefits accruing to employees for
   strategies for undertaking hedge transactions are                   wages and salaries, annual leave, long-service
   documented. The Group also documents at the                         leave, and sick leave is accrued and recognised
   start and on an ongoing basis whether the hedging                   in the balance sheet when it is probable that
   instrument is effective.                                            settlement will be required, and the liabilities are
                                                                       capable of being measured reliably. The liability is
   Derivative financial instruments                                    equal to the present value of the estimated future
   The Group uses derivative financial instruments                     cash outflows as a result of employee services
   to manage cash-flow interest-rate and foreign-                      provided at balance date.
   currency risk.
   Interest-rate swaps and cross-currency interest-rate
   swaps (CCIRS) are initially recognised at fair value on
   the date a contract is entered into and remeasured to
   their fair value at each reporting date.
   When Group-swap arrangements meet the
   requirements of cash-flow hedge accounting,
   changes in the fair value of the swaps are
   recognised in other comprehensive income and
   accumulated as a separate component of equity.

                                                             97
                                               RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
FO R THE YE AR END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 1



m. Taxation                                                       n. Treasury stock
   Income tax on the profit or loss for the year                     Shares purchased on market under the leadership
   comprises current and deferred tax. Income tax                    share scheme are treated as treasury stock on
   is recognised in the income statement except                      acquisition at cost. On vesting to the employee,
   when it relates to items recognised in other                      treasury stock shares are credited to equity and
   comprehensive income or directly in equity. In                    an employee advance is recorded initially at fair
   this case, it is recognised in other comprehensive                value and later at amortised cost.
   income or in equity.
                                                                     Any loss on disposal by the Company (for
   Current tax                                                       example, when the employee elects not to take
                                                                     full responsibility for the loan or leaves before the
   Current tax is the expected tax payable on the
                                                                     end of the 3-year restrictive period) accrues to the
   taxable income for the year, using tax rates enacted
                                                                     Company and is taken directly against equity.
   or substantively enacted at the balance-sheet date,
   and any adjustment to tax payable for previous                 o. GST
   years. Current tax for current and prior periods
   is recognised as a liability (or asset) if it is unpaid           Revenues, expenses, assets, and liabilities are
   (or refundable).                                                  recognised net of the amount of Goods and
                                                                     Services Tax (GST) except when:
   Deferred tax
                                                                     •   the GST incurred on a purchase of goods
   Deferred tax is provided using the comprehensive                      and services is not recoverable from the
   balance-sheet liability method. This method                           taxation authority
   provides for temporary differences between the
                                                                     •   receivables and payables are stated with the
   carrying amount of assets and liabilities for financial
                                                                         amount of GST included.
   reporting purposes and the amounts used for
   taxation. Deferred tax is not provided for on                     The net amount of GST recoverable from,
   non-depreciating assets included within property,                 or payable to, the taxation authority is included
   plant and equipment, and investment properties.                   as part of the receivables or payables in the
                                                                     balance sheet.
   The amount of deferred tax provided is based
   on the way the carrying amount of assets and                      Commitments and contingencies are disclosed
   liabilities is expected to be realised and settled.               net of the amount of GST recoverable from, or
   The tax rates used are those expected to apply                    payable to, the taxation authority.
   in the period of settlement, based on tax rates
   enacted or substantively enacted.                              p. Statement of cash flows

   A deferred tax asset is recognised only when                      The statement of cash flows is prepared exclusive
   it is probable that future taxable profits will be                of GST. This is consistent with the method used in
   available, and against which the asset can be used.               the income statement.
   Deferred tax assets are reduced if it is no longer                Cash and cash equivalents comprise:
   probable that the related tax benefit will
                                                                     •   cash on hand and demand deposits
   be realised.
                                                                     •   other short-term, highly liquid investments.
   Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when
   they relate to income taxes levied by the same                    Short-term, highly liquid investments are
   taxation authority and the Group intends to settle                investments that are readily convertible to a
   current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis.                known amount of cash and are subject to an
                                                                     insignificant risk of changes in value. These
                                                                     investments include all call borrowing such as
                                                                     bank overdrafts used by the Group as part of its
                                                                     day-to-day cash management.

                                                             98
                                              A NNUAL REP ORT 20 2 1




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
FO R THE YE A R END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 1



   Operating activities represent all transactions and
   other events that are not investing or financing
   activities and include receipts and repayments of
   occupancy advances.
   Investing activities are those activities relating
   to the acquisition and disposal of investments
   and any other property, plant and equipment, or
   investment properties.
   Financing activities are those activities relating to
   changes in the equity and debt capital structure of
   the Group and those activities relating to the cost
   of servicing the Company’s equity capital.

q. Foreign-currency translation

   Functional and presentation currency
   Both the functional and presentation currency of
   Ryman Healthcare Limited and its New Zealand
   subsidiaries is New Zealand dollars ($). The
   functional currency for its Australian subsidiaries
   is Australian dollars (AUD).

   Transactions and balances
   Transactions in foreign currencies are initially
   recorded in the functional currency by applying the
   exchange rates ruling at the date of the transaction.
   Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in
   foreign currencies are retranslated at the rate of
   exchange ruling at the balance-sheet date.
   All exchange differences relating to the following
   two items are recognised in other comprehensive
   income and accumulated in reserves.
   •   The effective portion of a hedge of a net
       investment in foreign operations
   •   Differences arising on translation of a foreign
       operation.
   Non-monetary items that are measured at
   historical cost in a foreign currency are translated
   using the exchange rate as at the date of the initial
   transaction. Non-monetary items carried at fair
   value that are denominated in foreign currencies
   are retranslated at the rates at the date when the
   fair value was determined.




                                                           99
                                                    RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
FO R THE YE AR END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 1



1.   OPERATING EXPENSES

                                                                                                2021              2020
                                                                                               $000              $000

Employee costs (see below)                                                                   264,400           233,549
Property-related expenses                                                                      54,911            46,951
Other operating costs (see below)                                                             75,995            68,749
Total operating expenses                                                                    395,306           349,249

Employee costs and other operating costs include:
Post-employment benefits (KiwiSaver/Superannuation)                                            8,842              7,259

Auditor’s remuneration to Deloitte Limited comprises:
•    Audit of financial statements                                                               358               293
•    Australia aged-care reporting                                                                  7                  7

Directors’ fees (note 19)                                                                       1,094              1,011
Donations^                                                                                       433               452

^ No donations have been made to any political party (2020: $Nil).

As part of the response to COVID-19, the New Zealand and Australian Governments provided wage subsidies
and other financial support over specific periods during the year to 31 March 2021. This support was available
to eligible businesses to allow those businesses to retain employees and to assist with covering some of the
additional employee costs incurred in protecting aged-care residents. The Group made claims under a number
of the available schemes in New Zealand and Australia.
The Group has applied NZ IAS 20 – Accounting for Government Grants and Disclosure of Government
Assistance in accounting for the funds received from the various COVID-19 subsidies and support packages. Any
funding received has been accounted for as government grants and offset against the expenses to which they
relate in the same period as they are incurred.
In New Zealand the Group made a claim under the COVID-19 Wage Subsidy scheme. The claim was made on a
subsidiary-by-subsidiary basis with not all subsidiaries meeting the eligibility criteria of the scheme. As a result
of the claim, the Group received a total subsidy of $14.2 million. Subsequently the directors made the decision
to repay the New Zealand COVID-19 Wage Subsidy and the full $14.2 million was returned to the New Zealand
Government. Both the receipt and repayment of the wage subsidy occurred in the year to 31 March 2021.




                                                                 100
                                                  A NNUAL REP ORT 20 2 1




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
FO R THE YE A R END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 1



2 . DEPRECIATION AND AMORTISATION EXPENSE

                                                                             2021      2020
                                                                            $000       $000

Depreciation (note 6)
•    Buildings                                                              8,353       7,683
•    Plant and equipment                                                   10,598       8,722
•    Furniture and fittings                                                  4,391      5,477
•    Motor vehicles                                                           1,413     1,338
•    Right-of-use assets                                                    2,476       1,787
                                                                            27,231    25,007
Amortisation (note 8)
•    Software                                                                5,137     3,609
                                                                             5,137     3,609

Total                                                                      32,368     28,616


3. FINANCE COSTS

                                                                             2021      2020
                                                                            $000       $000

Total interest paid on loans and borrowings (including related fees)       50,816       51,118
Release of cash-flow hedge reserve (note 16)                                5,354      2,859
Release of cost of hedging reserve (note 16)                                      -          -
Amount of interest capitalised (note 6)                                    (37,179)   (34,911)
Net interest expense on borrowings                                         18,991     19,066
Interest on lease liabilities (note 13)                                       374        243
Total finance costs                                                        19,365     19,309




                                                               101
                                           RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
FO R THE YE AR END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 1



4. INCOME TAX

a. Income tax recognised in income statement
                                                                                          2021             2020
                                                                                          $000             $000

   Tax expense comprises:
   Current tax expense                                                                         -                 -
   Deferred tax credit                                                                  (12,561)        (93,563)
   Total income-tax credit                                                              (12,561)        (93,563)


   The income-tax expense on pre-tax accounting profit from operations reconciles to the income-tax expense
   in the financial statements as follows.
                                                        2021             2021             2020             2020
                                                       $000                 %             $000                   %

   Profit before income-tax expense                  410,500                             171,147

   Income-tax expense calculated at 28%               114,940           28.0%            47,921           28.0%

   Tax effect of:
   Non-taxable income                                (116,717)         (28.4)%         (40,443)          (23.7)%
   Property temporary differences                     15,502             3.8%           (65,771)         (38.4)%
   Tax losses recognised                             (45,122)           (11.0)%        (49,967)          (29.2)%
   Other                                              18,836             4.6%            14,697             8.6%
   Total tax credit                                  (12,561)          (3.0)%          (93,563)          (54.7)%


   Non-taxable income arises principally from the fair-value movement of investment property.
   The tax rate used in the above reconciliation is the corporate tax rate of 28 percent (2020: 28 percent)
   payable by New Zealand corporate entities on taxable profits under New Zealand tax law. The corporate tax
   rate in Australia is 30 percent (2020: 30 percent).
   Total Group tax losses available in New Zealand amounted to $410.7 million (2020: $289.5 million).
   Recognition of the deferred tax asset is based on expected taxable earnings in future periods. There are no
   unrecognised tax losses in New Zealand (2020: $Nil).
   Total tax losses available in Australia amounted to AUD$105.8 million (2020: AUD$71.3 million). Recognition of
   the deferred tax asset is based on expected taxable earnings in future periods. There are no unrecognised tax
   losses in Australia (2020: AUD$Nil).




                                                      102
                                                 A NNUAL REP ORT 20 2 1




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
FO R THE YE A R END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 1



4. INCOME TAX (CONTINUED)

b. Taxable and deductible temporary differences arise from the following items.
                                                          Opening         Recognised     Recognised       Closing
                                                          balance           in income      in equity      balance
                                                            $000               $000           $000         $000

   2021
   Property, plant and equipment                          (34,894)            (8,292)           (40)     (43,226)
   Investment properties                                   (7,845)             (7,210)        (508)       (15,563)
   Deferred management-fee revenue in advance             (49,623)           (18,868)          (401)     (68,892)
   Cash-flow hedge reserve                                   6,667                   -        (1,976)       4,691
   Cost of hedging reserve                                          -                -        (1,051)      (1,051)
   Other                                                        5,132           1,809              11       6,952
   Tax value of loss carry-forwards recognised             103,018             45,122          1,405      149,545
   Total deferred taxation                                 22,455              12,561       (2,560)       32,456

                                                          Opening         Recognised     Recognised       Closing
                                                          balance           in income      in equity      balance
                                                            $000               $000           $000         $000

   2020
   Property, plant and equipment                          (58,574)            23,649              31     (34,894)
   Investment properties                                  (50,377)             42,122            410      (7,845)
   Deferred management-fee revenue in advance             (26,899)          (23,042)             318     (49,623)
   Cash-flow hedge reserve                                      3,751                -         2,916        6,667
   Other                                                     4,275               867             (10)        5,132
   Tax value of loss carry-forwards recognised              54,160            49,967          (1,109)     103,018
   Total deferred taxation                                (73,664)            93,563          2,556       22,455


   In 2010 legislation was enacted removing tax depreciation on buildings with an estimated useful life of
   50 years or more. These rules came into effect from 1 April 2011 (for a standard 31 March income-tax year).
   As part of the New Zealand Government’s COVID-19 Economic Response Package, included within
   the COVID-19 Response (Taxation and Social Assistance Urgent Measures) Act, which received Royal
   Assent on 25 March 2020, depreciation deductions were reintroduced for new and existing industrial and
   commercial buildings.
   The reinstatement of tax deductions for depreciation increases the tax base of the relevant assets. The Group
   has determined that tax depreciation should not be applied to independent townhouses and apartments as
   these would meet the definition of a dwelling. Care centres, village centres and serviced apartments are not
   considered to meet the definition of a dwelling.
   This increase in the tax base created deductible temporary differences which reduced the taxable temporary
   differences (deferred tax liabilities) previously recognised.
   The impact of these changes was recognised in the tax expense in the 2020 financial year.




                                                          103
                                                  RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
FO R THE YE AR END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 1



4. INCOME TAX (CONTINUED)

c. Imputation credit memorandum account
                                                                                            2021                2020
                                                                                           $000                 $000
    Closing balance                                                                           94                 163

    Imputation credits available directly and indirectly
    to shareholders of the parent company, through:
    •   parent company                                                                          -                  -
    •   subsidiaries                                                                          94                 163
    Closing balance                                                                           94                 163




5. TRADE AN D OTHER RECEIVABLES

                                                                                            2021                2020
                                                                                           $000                 $000

Trade debtors                                                                            498,695            410,103
Other receivables                                                                          44,103           15,839
Total trade and other receivables                                                        542,798          425,942


Debtors are non-interest bearing, although the Group has the right to charge interest on overdue settlements of
occupancy advances or overdue care fees. Debtors principally comprise amounts due for occupancy advances
and care fees.
Occupancy advances are payable by residents on occupation of a retirement-village unit. The receivable for the
occupancy advance is recognised when a legally binding contract with the resident is in place. At the same time as
recognising the occupancy advance receivable the Group recognises the corresponding occupancy advance liability.
Care fees are received from residents (payable 4-weekly in advance) and various government agencies.
Government-agency payment terms vary but are typically paid fortnightly in arrears for care services provided
to residents.
There is no significant concentration of credit risk as trade debtors are either individual residents or government
agencies. No changes have been made in the techniques or significant assumptions used in determining expected
credit losses during the reporting period.
The Group has considered the impact of COVID-19 on trade and other receivables and, given the nature of the
receivables, does not consider there to be any change in credit risk as a result of the pandemic.




                                                           104
                                             A NNUAL REP ORT 20 2 1




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
FO R THE YE A R END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 1



6. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                                    Property
                           Freehold    Buildings        under  Plant and  Furniture       Motor     Right-of-
                             land at          at development equipment and fittings     vehicles         use
                           valuation   valuation       at cost    at cost   at cost      at cost      assets         Total
                              $000       $000          $000         $000       $000       $000         $000         $000

2021
Gross carrying amount
Balance at 1 April 2020    328,972      391,336      584,810      100,852     52,038     13,849       20,601     1,492,458
Additions                        149      7,906       117,091      22,961       1,232      1,058         7,411    157,808
Net foreign-currency
exchange difference            2,611      2,275       16,705          190        146          47         272       22,246
Transfer from property
under development            12,734       31,118    (49,359)        2,578      2,929           -            -            -
Transfer from property
under development to
investment property                -           -     (31,429)            -          -          -            -     (31,429)
Disposals                          -           -     (38,072)            -          -          -            -     (38,072)
Revaluation                 195,793     (17,058)              -          -          -          -            -      178,735
Balance at 31 March 2021   540,259     415,577      599,746       126,581     56,345     14,954      28,284      1,781,746

Accumulated depreciation
Balance at 1 April 2020            -    (9,784)               -   (39,482)   (43,235)    (8,301)     (5,584)     (106,386)
Depreciation                       -    (8,353)               -   (10,598)    (4,391)     (1,413)    (2,476)      (27,231)
Depreciation capitalised
to property under
development                        -           -              -          -          -          -     (6,604)       (6,604)
Revaluation                        -     17,058               -          -          -          -            -       17,058
Balance at 31 March 2021           -    (1,079)               - (50,080)     (47,626)    (9,714)    (14,664)     (123,163)

Total book value           540,259     414,498      599,746        76,501       8,719     5,240      13,620 1,658,583




                                                        105
                                                 RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
FO R THE YE AR END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 1



6. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (CONTINUED)

                                                        Property
                               Freehold    Buildings        under  Plant and  Furniture        Motor    Right-of-
                                 land at          at development equipment and fittings      vehicles        use
                               valuation   valuation       at cost    at cost   at cost       at cost     assets        Total
                                  $000       $000          $000         $000        $000       $000        $000        $000

2020
Gross carrying amount
Balance at 1 April 2019         321,798    359,482      444,284         82,150     47,305      11,503           -   1,266,522
Recognition of right-of-use
asset on initial application
of NZ IFRS 16                          -           -              -           -          -          -      13,381      13,381
Adjusted balance at
1 April 2020                    321,798    359,482      444,284         82,150     47,305      11,503      13,381   1,279,903
Additions                            80       6,483      289,749        17,588       1,951      2,351      7,323     325,525
Net foreign-currency
exchange difference               (584)        (182)      (3,475)          (18)         9         (5)       (103)     (4,358)
Transfer from property
under development                  7,678     25,553      (37,136)         1,132      2,773          -           -           -
Transfer from property
under development to
investment property                    -           -    (108,612)             -          -          -           -   (108,612)
Balance at 31 March 2020       328,972     391,336      584,810       100,852      52,038     13,849     20,601 1,492,458


Accumulated depreciation
Balance at 1 April 2019                -     (2,101)              -   (30,760)    (37,758)   (6,963)            -    (77,582)
Depreciation                           -     (7,683)              -    (8,722)     (5,477)    (1,338)     (1,787)    (25,007)
Depreciation capitalised
to property under
development                            -           -              -           -          -          -     (3,797)     (3,797)
Balance at 31 March 2020               -    (9,784)               -   (39,482)    (43,235)   (8,301)     (5,584) (106,386)


Total book value               328,972     381,552      584,810        61,370       8,803      5,548      15,017 1,386,072


All completed resthomes and hospitals included within the definition of freehold land and buildings were
revalued to fair value based on an independent valuation report prepared by registered valuers, CBRE Limited,
at 31 March 2021, in line with NZ IFRS 13 – Fair Value Measurement. These revaluations are undertaken every
2 years, unless there is sustained market evidence of a significant change in fair value.
The valuers used multiple valuation techniques to estimate and determine fair value. The valuer made key
assumptions that include capitalisation of earnings (using capitalisation rates ranging from 11.0 percent to
15.0 percent), together with observed transactional evidence of the market value per care bed (ranging from
$70,000 to $230,000 per care bed).
As the fair value of land and buildings is determined using inputs that are unobservable, the Group
has categorised property, plant and equipment as Level 3 under the fair-value hierarchy in line with
NZ IFRS 13 – Fair Value Measurement.




                                                            106
                                              A NNUAL REP ORT 20 2 1




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
FO R THE YE A R END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 1



6. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (CONTINUED)
The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair-value measurement of the Group’s freehold land and buildings
are the capitalisation rate and the market value per care bed.
As the valuer uses several valuation techniques, a significant decrease in the capitalisation rate could but may
not necessarily result in a significantly higher fair-value measurement. Conversely, a significant increase in the
capitalisation rate could but may not necessarily result in a significantly lower fair-value measurement.
A significant increase in the market value per care bed could but may not necessarily result in a significantly higher
fair-value measurement. Conversely, a significant decrease in the market value per care bed could but may not
necessarily result in a significantly lower fair-value measurement.
Property under development includes land held pending the development of a retirement village amounting to
$343.4 million (2020: $459.1 million) and is valued at cost.
Interest for the Group of $37.2 million (2020: $34.9 million) has been capitalised during the period of construction
in the current year. The weighted-average capitalisation rate on funds borrowed is 2.72 percent per annum
(2020: 3.51 percent per annum).
The assets shown at cost are care-facility assets under development, plant and equipment, furniture and fittings,
and motor vehicles, plus additions since the last valuation.
The carrying amount at which each revalued class of property, plant and equipment would have been carried had
the assets been measured under historical cost is shown below.
                                                                      Freehold land        Buildings            Total
                                                                             $000             $000              $000

Carrying amount (at cost)
Carrying amount at 31 March 2021                                           103,730           414,268          517,998

Carrying amount (at cost)
Carrying amount at 31 March 2020                                            88,236          372,969          461,205


Uncertainty due to COVID-19
The valuation of completed resthomes and hospitals performed by CBRE Limited at 31 March 2021 is based on
the information available to them at the time of the valuation and relies on several inputs.
Given the current situation with COVID-19 there is an increase in the estimation uncertainty in determining the fair
value of completed resthomes and hospitals at 31 March 2021 compared to previous valuations.
CBRE comment that the ultimate economic impact COVID-19 will have on the aged-care sector is unknown and
will depend on both the scale and longevity of the pandemic, future outbreaks, and the lockdown responses of the
Governments in New Zealand, Victoria and Australia.
Given the heightened uncertainty and unknown impact that COVID-19 may have in the future, a higher degree of
caution should be exercised when relying upon the valuation. Values and incomes may change more rapidly and
significantly than during standard market conditions.
Occupancy in the Group’s mature aged-care facilities has not been impacted by COVID-19.




                                                         107
                                               RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
FO R THE YE AR END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 1



6. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (CONTINUED)

Right-of-use assets
Included within property, plant and equipment are the right-of-use assets relating to leases.
                                                                                            Plant and
                                                                           Buildings       equipment             Total
                                                                              $000              $000            $000

Balance at 1 April 2020                                                       11,854             3,163           15,017
Additions                                                                      1,184            6,227             7,411
Net foreign-currency exchange difference                                        272                    -           272
Depreciation                                                                 (2,476)                   -       (2,476)
Depreciation capitalised to property under development                         (313)           (6,291)         (6,604)
Balance at 31 March 2021                                                     10,521             3,099          13,620


Disposal of land
During the year, the Group sold the land in Coburg, Melbourne. The sale led to a loss on disposal of $15.1 million,
which has been recognised in the income statement.

7. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES

                                                                                                2021             2020
                                                                                                $000            $000

At fair value
Balance at beginning of financial year                                                    5,760,060          5,081,607

Additions                                                                                   624,926            541,272
Fair-value movement:
Realised fair-value movement:
•   new retirement-village units                                                             108,377           105,757
•   existing retirement-village units                                                         107,317         109,565
                                                                                             215,694           215,322
Unrealised fair-value movement                                                               201,153          (70,884)
                                                                                             416,847           144,438

Net foreign-currency exchange differences                                                     35,445            (7,257)

Net movement for the year                                                                   1,077,218         678,453

Balance at end of financial year                                                          6,837,278         5,760,060




                                                          108
                                              A NNUAL REP ORT 20 2 1




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
FO R THE YE A R END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 1



7. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (CONTINUED)
The realised fair-value movement arises from the sale and resale of rights to occupy to residents. Investment
properties are not depreciated and are fair valued. As the fair value of investment property is determined using
inputs that are unobservable, the Group has categorised investment property as Level 3 under the fair-value
hierarchy in line with NZ IFRS 13 – Fair Value Measurements.
The carrying value of completed investment property is the fair value as determined by an independent valuation
report prepared by registered valuers CBRE Limited, at 31 March 2021. This report combines discounted future
cash flows and occupancy advances received from residents for retirement-village units that are complete or
nearing completion, for which there is an agreement to occupy.

Uncertainty due to COVID-19
The valuation of investment properties performed by CBRE Limited at 31 March 2021 is based on the information
available to them at the time of the valuation and relies on several inputs, as outlined below.
Given the current situation with COVID-19 there is an increase in the estimation uncertainty in determining the fair
value of investment property at 31 March 2021 compared to previous years.
The material valuation uncertainty within the New Zealand and Australian valuations at 31 March 2020 has
been removed. This has been replaced with CBRE commenting on higher than normal market uncertainty
within their valuations.
Given the heightened uncertainty and unknown impact that COVID-19 may have in the future, a higher degree of
caution should be exercised when relying upon the valuation. Values and incomes may change more rapidly and
significantly than during standard market conditions.
Comparable transactions and market evidence has been limited during the pandemic and CBRE have placed less
reliance on previous market evidence for comparison purposes.
To reflect this uncertainty CBRE Limited adjusted their assumptions on recycle frequencies for independent units
at mature villages, near-term house price inflation for independent units, and discount rates in their valuation at
31 March 2020. As the level of uncertainty has decreased and markets have become more accustomed to
operating under COVID-19 conditions, CBRE have reversed some of the adjustments in determining the valuation
at 31 March 2021.

Key assumptions
The valuer used significant assumptions that include house-price inflation (ranging from 0.5 percent to
4.2 percent nominal) (2020: -2.0 percent to 3.5 percent) and discount rate (ranging from 12.00 percent
to 16.50 percent) (2020: 12.25 percent to 16.25 percent).

Sensitivity
A 0.5 percent decrease in the discount rate would result in a $91.3 million higher fair-value measurement.
Conversely, a 0.5 percent increase in the discount rate would result in a $85.3 million lower fair-value measurement.
A 0.5 percent decrease in the 5-year plus growth rate would result in a $168.7 million lower fair-value
measurement. Conversely, a 0.5 percent increase in the 5-year plus growth rate would result in a $140.8 million
higher fair-value measurement.
Other inputs used in the fair-value measurement of the Group’s investment property portfolio include the average
age of residents and the occupancy period.



                                                         109
                                              RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
FO R THE YE AR END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 1



7. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (CONTINUED)
A significant increase in the average age of entry of residents or the long-term nominal house-price inflation rate
would result in a significantly higher fair-value measurement. Conversely, a significant decrease in the average
age of entry of residents or the long-term nominal house-price inflation rate would result in a significantly lower
fair-value measurement.

Work in progress
Investment property includes investment property work in progress of $653.0 million (2020: $508.2 million),
which has been valued at cost. For work in progress cost represents fair value.

Operating expenses
Direct operating expenses arising from investment property that generated income from management fees
during the period amounted to $7.9 million (2020: $5.7 million). All investment property generated income from
management fees during the period for the Group, except for investment property work in progress.

Security
Residents make interest-free advances (occupancy advances) to the retirement villages in exchange for the right
to occupy retirement-village units. Under the terms of the occupancy agreement, the resident receives a unit title
for life and a first mortgage over the residual interest for security purposes, or a first mortgage is held over the
individual title by the statutory supervisor.

8. INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                                                                          Internally
                                                                                         generated
                                                                                           software            Total
                                                                                             $000              $000

2021
Gross carrying amount
Balance at 1 April 2020                                                                     45,856            45,856
Additions                                                                                     9,462            9,462
Balance at 31 March 2021                                                                    55,318            55,318


Accumulated amortisation
Balance at 1 April 2020                                                                      (7,737)          (7,737)
Amortisation (note 2)                                                                        (5,137)          (5,137)
Balance at 31 March 2021                                                                   (12,874)         (12,874)


Total book value                                                                           42,444            42,444




                                                         110
                                              A NNUAL REP ORT 20 2 1




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
FO R THE YE A R END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 1



8. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)

                                                                                           Internally
                                                                                          generated
                                                                                            software             Total
                                                                                              $000               $000

2020
Gross carrying amount
Balance at 1 April 2019                                                                      32,096            32,096
Additions                                                                                     13,760            13,760
Balance at 31 March 2020                                                                     45,856            45,856


Accumulated amortisation
Balance at 1 April 2019                                                                       (4,128)           (4,128)
Amortisation (note 2)                                                                        (3,609)           (3,609)
Balance at 31 March 2020                                                                     (7,737)           (7,737)


Total book value                                                                              38,119            38,119


Interest for the Group of $0.8 million (2020: $0.4 million) has been capitalised during the current year.
The weighted-average capitalisation rate on funds borrowed is 2.72 percent per annum (2020: 3.51 percent
per annum).

9. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
The Group has an arrangement with ANZ that on a nightly basis a sweep is performed across all transactional
bank accounts. This consolidates all transactional bank accounts into a single account.
There is a right to offset cash balances against bank debt documented in the Group’s facility agreement.
The Group has access to an overdraft facility. The bank overdraft facilities are secured by a general security
agreement and mortgages over the freehold land and buildings of the Group in the same manner as the bank
loans (note 12). The interest rate on all overdraft facilities at 31 March 2021 was 8.90 percent (2020: 8.90 percent).

10. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES

                                                                                               2021              2020
                                                                                              $000               $000

Trade payables                                                                               72,366            79,775
Other payables                                                                               33,706           104,200
Total trade and other payables                                                              106,072           183,975


Trade payables are typically paid within 30 days of the invoice date or on the 20th of the month following the
invoice date. Other payables at 31 March 2021 includes $26.0 million (2020: $102.4 million) for the purchase
of land.




                                                          111
                                                  RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
FO R THE YE AR END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 1



11. EMPLOYEE ENTITLEMENTS

                                                                                          2021             2020
                                                                                         $000             $000

Holiday-pay accrual and other benefits                                                  32,034           25,678


12 . INTEREST-BEARING LOANS AND BORROWINGS
Interest-bearing loans and borrowings include secure bank loans, unsubordinated fixed-rate retail bonds and
USPP notes.
                                                                                           2021            2020
                                                                                          $000            $000

Bank loans                                                                 12a         1,728,018        1,741,613
Retail bonds – RYM010                                                      12b         150,000                   -
USPP notes                                                                 12c         428,736                   -
Total loans and borrowings at face value                                             2,306,754         1,741,613
Issue costs for the retail bond capitalised                                12b           (3,139)                 -
Issue costs for the USPP capitalised                                       12c          (2,049)                  -
Total loans and borrowings at amortised cost                                         2,301,566         1,741,613


Revaluation of debt in fair-value hedge relationship                       12c          (27,473)                 -
Total loans and borrowings                                                           2,274,093         1,741,613


a. Bank loans (secured)
                                                                                          2021             2020
                                                                                          $000            $000

    Bank loans (secured) – NZD                                                        1,162,000        1,354,000
    Bank loans (secured) – AUD in NZD                                                  566,018           387,613
    Total bank loans (secured)                                                        1,728,018         1,741,613
    Less cash and cash equivalents (note 9)                                             (20,171)        (34,374)
    Net bank loans                                                                    1,707,847        1,707,239

    Less than 1 year                                                                    25,000                    -
    Within 1–5 years                                                                   1,703,018        1,741,613
    Total bank loans (secured)                                                        1,728,018         1,741,613

    Average interest rates for bank loans – NZD                                           2.71%               3.11%
    Average interest rates for bank loans – AUD                                           1.86%           2.77%


    The average interest rates disclosed above exclude the impact of interest-rate swap agreements described in
    note 20.




                                                          112
                                                 A NNUAL REP ORT 20 2 1




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
FO R THE YE A R END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 1



12 . INTEREST-BEARING LOANS AND BORROWINGS (CONTINUED)

b. Retail bonds (secured)
                                                                                           2021             2020
                                                                                          $000              $000

   Retail bond – RYM010                                                                 150,000                 -
   Total retail bonds at face value                                                     150,000                 -
   Issue costs for the retail bond capitalised
   Opening balance                                                                             -                -
   Capitalised during the year                                                           (3,297)                -
   Amortised during the year                                                                 158                -
                                                                                         (3,139)                -

   Total retail bonds at amortised cost                                                 146,861                 -


   The Group issued a retail bond for $150.0 million in December 2020. The retail bond has a maturity date of
   18 December 2026 and is listed on the NZX Debt Market (NZDX) with the ID RYM010.
   The coupon rate for the retail bond is 2.55 percent.
   Retail bond issue expenses, fees and other costs incurred in arranging retail bond finance are capitalised and
   amortised over the term of the relevant debt instrument.

c. USPP notes
                                                                                           2021             2020
                                                                                          $000              $000

   USPP notes                                                                           428,736                 -
   Total USPP notes at face value                                                       428,736                 -
   Issue costs for the USPP notes capitalised
   Opening balance                                                                             -                -
   Capitalised during the year                                                           (2,070)                -
   Amortised during the year                                                                  21                -
                                                                                        (2,049)                 -


   Total USPP notes at amortised cost                                                   426,687                 -


   Revaluation of debt in fair-value hedge relationship                                 (27,473)                -
   Total USPP notes                                                                     399,214                 -




                                                          113
                                                 RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
FO R THE YE AR END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 1



12 . INTEREST-BEARING LOANS AND BORROWINGS (CONTINUED)
On 17 February 2021 the Group completed a United States Private Placement (USPP) note issuance, securing
USD$300 million of long-term debt. The USPP issuance is made up of six tranches with varying maturity dates
and amounts as listed below. In conjunction with the USPP issuance, the Group entered into cross-currency
interest-rate swaps to formally hedge the exposure to foreign-currency risk over the term of the notes.
At 31 March 2021, the USPP notes had a fair value of $399.2 million. This debt is carried at amortised cost and
translated to New Zealand dollars using foreign exchange rates at balance date.
USPP note expenses, fees and other costs incurred in arranging USPP finance are capitalised and amortised over
the term of the relevant debt instrument.

Security
The bank loans, retail bonds and USPP notes are secured by a general security agreement over the parent
and subsidiary companies and supported by first mortgages over the freehold land and buildings (excluding
retirement-village unit titles provided as security to residents – note 7).
The subsidiary companies listed at note 24 have all provided guarantees for the Group’s secured loans as parties
to the general security agreement.
Full repayment terms are disclosed in note 20.

13. LEASE LIA BILITIES
The Group leases office buildings, sales offices, office equipment (such as photocopiers), and plant and
equipment used in the construction of retirement-village units and aged-care beds.
The right-of-use assets relating to these leases are included within property, plant and equipment (note 6).

Amounts recognised in profit and loss
                                                                                               2021            2020
                                                                                              $000             $000

Depreciation of right-of-use assets (note 6)                                                   2,476              1,787
Interest expense on lease liabilities (note 3)                                                   374              243
Expenses relating to short-term or low-value leases                                             1,212             985


The maturity profile for lease liabilities and how the Group manages liquidity risk is included in note 20 –
financial instruments.
At 31 March 2021 the Group is committed to $5.7 million for short-term leases (including short-term construction
equipment leases) (2020: $7.2 million).




                                                          114
                                             A NNUAL REP ORT 20 2 1




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
FO R THE YE A R END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 1



14. O CCUPANCY ADVANCES (NON-INTEREST BEARING)

                                                                                           2021         2020
                                                                                          $000         $000

Gross occupancy advances (see below)                                                   4,205,105    3,686,813
Less management fees and resident loans                                                (502,890)    (439,636)
Closing balance                                                                        3,702,215    3,247,177


Movement in gross occupancy advances
                                                                                           2021         2020
                                                                                          $000         $000

Opening balance                                                                        3,686,813    3,203,851
Plus net increases in occupancy advances:
•   new retirement-village units                                                        395,094      386,673
•   existing retirement-village units.                                                    107,317    109,566
Net foreign-currency exchange differences                                                 21,807      (4,276)
Decrease in occupancy advance receivables                                                (5,926)      (9,001)
Closing balance                                                                        4,205,105    3,686,813


Gross occupancy advances are non-interest bearing.
The decrease in occupancy advance receivables shows the net movement in occupancy advance that has
resulted from:
•   units that have been re-sold but the previous resident has yet to be repaid; and
•   units that have been repaid but the unit remains unsold at balance date.




                                                        115
                                           RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
FO R THE YE AR END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 1



15. SHARE CAPITAL
Issued and paid-up capital consists of 500,000,000 fully paid ordinary shares (2020: 500,000,000) less treasury
stock of 2,655,017 shares (2020: 2,711,244 shares) (note 26). All shares rank equally in all respects.
Basic and diluted earnings and net tangible assets per share have been calculated on the basis of 500,000,000
ordinary shares (2020: 500,000,000 shares).
Shares purchased on market under the leadership share scheme (note 26) are treated as treasury stock (note 16)
until vesting to the employee.

16. RESERVES
                                                                                         2021             2020
                                                                                        $000             $000


Reserves
Asset revaluation reserve                                                 16a         453,568           257,775
Cash-flow hedge reserve                                                   16b         (12,062)          (17,143)
Cost of hedging reserve                                                   16c            2,702                  -
Foreign-currency translation reserve                                      16d            1,787         (10,345)
Treasury stock                                                         16e, 26        (35,389)         (32,359)
                                                                                      410,606          197,928




                                                      116
                                                   A NNUAL REP ORT 20 2 1




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
FO R THE YE A R END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 1



16. RESERVES (CONTINUED)
                                                                                            2021            2020
                                                                                           $000             $000


a. Asset revaluation reserve
Opening balance                                                                          257,775          257,775
Revaluation                                                                              195,793                    -
Closing balance                                                                         453,568           257,775

b. Cash-flow hedge reserve
Opening balance                                                                           (17,143)         (9,643)
Valuation of interest-rate swap                                                              1,116        (13,275)
Valuation of cross-currency interest-rate swap                                               587                    -
Released to income statement                                                               5,354            2,859
Deferred tax movement on cash-flow hedge reserve                                          (1,976)               2,916
Closing balance                                                                         (12,062)          (17,143)

c. Cost of hedging reserve
Opening balance                                                                                  -                  -
Valuation of cross-currency interest-rate swap                                             3,753                    -
Released to income statement                                                                     -                  -
Deferred tax movement on cost of hedging reserve                                           (1,051)                  -
Closing balance                                                                            2,702                    -

d. Foreign-currency translation reserve
Opening balance                                                                          (10,345)          (5,876)
(Loss)/Gain on hedge of foreign-owned subsidiary net assets                               (4,414)               1,205
Gain/(Loss) on translation of foreign operations                                          16,546           (5,674)
Closing balance                                                                             1,787        (10,345)

e. Treasury stock (note 26)
Opening balance                                                                         (32,359)          (27,465)
Acquisitions                                                                             (13,425)         (13,770)
Vesting/forfeiture of shares                                                              10,395            8,876
Closing balance                                                                         (35,389)         (32,359)

f. Retained earnings
Opening balance                                                                        2,069,759        1,922,049
Net profit attributable to shareholders                                                  423,061          264,710
Dividends paid                                                                          (107,500)        (117,000)
Closing balance                                                                       2,385,320         2,069,759

The cost of hedging reserve captures changes in the fair value of the cost to convert foreign currency to NZD
of the cross-currency interest-rate swaps on USPP debt.




                                                              117
                                              RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
FO R THE YE AR END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 1



17. DIVIDENDS

                                                           2021             2021              2020            2020
                                                 Cents per share       Total $000    Cents per share     Total $000
Recognised amounts
Final dividend paid – prior year                           12.70          63,500               11.90         59,500
Interim dividend paid – current year                       8.80           44,000               11.50         57,500
                                                                          107,500                            117,000
Unrecognised amounts
Final dividend – current year                              13.60          68,000               12.70         63,500


Full-year dividend – current year                         22.40           112,000             24.20          121,000


18. RELATED -PARTY TRANSACTIONS

Parent company
The parent entity in the Group is Ryman Healthcare Limited.

Equity interests in related parties
Details of the percentage of ordinary shares held in subsidiaries are disclosed in note 24.
                                                                                               2021           2020
                                                                                              $000            $000

Transactions with companies associated with directors
Rental costs                                                                                   1,654            514
Sub-contractor labour                                                                           690             254


Since August 2012 Ryman Healthcare Limited has leased office accommodation from the Airport Business Park
Christchurch Limited (the Airport Business Park).
On 1 December 2019 Warren Bell became an independent director or trustee of the Airport Business Park’s
shareholders. He does not have any personal ownership interest.
The lease of the office accommodation is recognised as a right-of-use asset and associated lease liability. Rental
costs detailed in the table above are the total cash payments made in the current financial year in respect of the
lease agreement (2020: payments made from 1 December 2019).
Anthony Leighs is Managing Director of Leighs Construction Limited, which has supplied sub-contractor labour to
Ryman Healthcare Limited since December 2019.
Any transactions undertaken with these entities have been entered into on an arm’s-length basis and in the
ordinary course of business.




                                                         118
                                                   A NNUAL REP ORT 20 2 1




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
FO R THE YE A R END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 1



19. KEY MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL COMPENSATION

                                                                                                        2021               2020
                                                                                                       $000                $000

Compensation
Short-term employee benefits (senior executive team)                                                    3,971              4,633
Directors’ fees                                                                                         1,094                1,011
Total key management personnel and directors’ compensation                                             5,065               5,644


Key management personnel are the senior executive team of the Group and include the group chief executive and
six senior executive team members at 31 March 2021 (2020: group chief executive and six senior executive team
members).
In addition, NZ IAS 24 – Related Party Disclosures requires directors’ fees to be included within key management
personnel compensation. All directors are non-executive and are not involved in the day-to-day operations of the
Group (2020: all directors).
Directors’ fees relate to the fees paid to eight directors that were in place for the full financial year (2020: eight directors,
of which one was in place for part of the financial year).
Post-employment benefits (KiwiSaver/Superannuation) employer contributions included in short-term employee
benefits (senior executive team) above is $111,769 (2020: $128,983 senior executive team).
In addition, the Company provides certain senior employees with limited recourse loans on an interest-free basis
to support employees’ participation in the leadership share scheme (note 26).

20. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
The financial instruments consist of cash and cash equivalents, trade and other receivables, cross-currency
interest-rate swaps, trade and other payables, occupancy advances, refundable accommodation deposits,
employee advances, loans, overdrafts, interest-rate swaps, and lease liabilities.

Categories of financial instruments

                                                                                                        2021               2020
                                                                                                       $000                $000

Financial assets
Cash and cash equivalents (note 9)                                                                     20,171             34,374
Financial assets at amortised cost (loans and receivables)                                           553,939             436,166
                                                                                                     574,110            470,540

Financial liabilities
Amortised cost                                                                                     6,196,046           5,247,336
Derivative instruments in designated hedge accounting
relationships (interest-rate swaps)                                                                    17,339            23,809
Derivative instruments in designated hedge accounting
relationships (cross-currency interest-rate swaps (CCIRS))                                             11,272                   -
Lease liabilities                                                                                      13,885              15,145
                                                                                                  6,238,542           5,286,290



                                                               119
                                              RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
FO R THE YE AR END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 1



20. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

a. Credit risk management
   Credit risk is the risk of the failure of a debtor or counterparty to honour its contractual obligation resulting in
   financial loss to the Group.
   Financial assets, which potentially subject the Group to credit risk, consist principally of cash and cash
   equivalents, trade and other receivables, advances to employees, and derivative financial instruments.
   The maximum credit risk at 31 March 2021 is the fair value of these assets. The Group’s cash equivalents are
   placed with high-credit, quality financial institutions. The Group does not require collateral from its debtors.
   The directors consider the Group’s exposure to any concentration of credit risk from trade and other
   receivables and advances to employees to be minimal, given that (typically):
   •   the occupation of a retirement-village unit does not take place until an occupation
       advance has been received
   •   care fees are payable 4-weekly in advance when due from residents
   •   care fees not due from residents are paid by government agencies
   •   advances to employees are subject to the terms of the employee share schemes (note 26).
   The total credit risk to the Group from trade and other receivables and advances to employees at
   31 March 2021 was $553.9 million (2020: $436.2 million) and there were no material overdue debtors at
   31 March 2021 (2020: $Nil). The composition of financial assets is shown in the table below.
                                                                                                 2021              2020
                                                                                                $000              $000

   Trade and other receivables (note 5)                                                      542,798            425,942
   Advances to employees (note 26)                                                               11,141           10,224
                                                                                             553,939            436,166


   Credit risk relating to derivative financial instruments is managed by restricting the amount of cash
   and marketable securities that can be placed with any one institution. The Group minimises its credit
   risk by spreading such exposures across a range of institutions with reference to the credit ratings of
   these institutions.

b. Interest-rate risk
   Interest-rate risk is the risk that fluctuations in interest rates impact the Group’s financial performance, future
   cash flows or the fair value of its financial instruments.
   The Group’s interest-rate risk arises from loans and borrowings. Loans and borrowings issued at variable
   interest rates expose the Group to changes in interest rates. Loans and borrowings issued at fixed rates
   expose the Group to changes in the fair value of the borrowings.
   The Group’s policy is to manage its interest-rate exposure using a mix of fixed and variable rate debt and
   interest-rate derivatives that are accounted for as cash-flow hedges or fair-value hedges.
   The interest rate applicable to the bank overdraft is variable. The interest rates applicable to the bank loans
   are reviewed at each 3-monthly rollover. The Group always seeks to obtain the most competitive interest rate.




                                                          120
                                               A NNUAL REP ORT 20 2 1




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
FO R THE YE A R END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 1



20. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

   Cash-flow hedges

   Interest-rate swaps
   The Group has entered into an interest-rate swap agreement to provide an effective cash-flow hedge against
   floating interest-rate variability on a defined portion of core debt.
   These interest-rate swaps qualify for cash-flow hedge accounting. Interest-rate swaps are initially
   recognised at fair value on the date a contract is entered into and remeasured to their fair value at each
   reporting date. The effective portion of the change in the fair value of the swaps is recognised in other
   comprehensive income and accumulated as a separate component of equity. The ineffective portion is
   recognised in the income statement.
   The hedge ratio is 1:1. The face value of the interest-rate swaps is the same value as the face value of the bank
   loans. As the critical terms of the interest-rate swap contracts and the hedged item are the same, significant
   hedge ineffectiveness is not expected.
   At 31 March 2021, the Group had several interest-rate swaps in place, which are set out in the table below.
   The agreement effectively changes the Group’s interest-rate exposure on the principal of up to $250 million
   (2020: $250 million) from a floating rate to an average fixed rate of 2.757 percent (2020: 2.930 percent).
   The fair value of the swaps at 31 March 2021 was a liability of $17.3 million (2020: liability of $23.8 million).
   The interest-rate swaps cover notional debt amounts for a term of up to 5 years at a composite interest
   rate of 2.757 percent (2020: 2.930 percent).
   No interest-rate swaps have been taken out for the Australian dollar borrowings.
   The balance of the interest-rate swap reserve is expected to be released to the income statement over the
   maturity profile of the underlying debt as detailed in the table below. At the end of the reporting period, the fair
   value of interest-rate swaps is determined by discounting the future cash flows using the yield curves at the
   end of the reporting period and the credit risk inherent in the contract.
   The notional amortising principal amounts and remaining terms of interest-rate swap contracts outstanding at
   31 March are shown below.
                                                Average contracted fixed-interest rate      Notional principal amount
                                                             2021                2020             2021                  2020
                                                                 %                  %            $000                   $000

   Outstanding
   Less than 1 year                                       2.757%              2.930%          250,000              180,000
   1 to 2 years                                           2.757%              2.930%          250,000             250,000
   2 to 3 years                                           2.757%              2.930%          200,000             250,000
   3 to 4 years                                           2.757%              2.930%           150,000            200,000
   4 to 5 years                                           2.757%              2.930%           150,000             150,000




                                                           121
                                              RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
FO R THE YE AR END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 1



20. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

   Cross-currency interest-rate swaps
   The Group manages its interest-rate risk on USPP notes through cross-currency interest-rate swaps (CCIRS).
   The cross-currency interest rate swaps transform a series of known fixed interest-rate cash flows in a foreign
   currency to floating rate NZD cash flows, mitigating exposure to fair-value changes in USPP notes.
   For hedge accounting purposes, these swaps are aggregated and designated as cash-flow hedges and a
   fair-value hedge. The fair-value component hedges USD fixed interest rates to NZD floating interest rates.
   The USD amount received in AUD is not hedged.
   The hedge ratio is 1:1. The face value of the CCIRS is the same value as the face value of the USPP notes. As
   the critical terms of the CCIRS contracts and the hedged item are the same, significant hedge ineffectiveness
   is not expected.
   The change in the fair value of the hedged risk is attributed to the carrying value of the USPP. This debt revaluation
   is recognised in the income statement to offset the mark-to-market revaluation of the hedging derivative.
   The cross-currency basis element of the cross-currency interest-rate swaps are excluded from the designation
   and are separately recognised in other comprehensive income in a cost of hedging reserve (note 16).
   The cash-flow components are hedge accounted as described under Cash-flow hedges above.
   At inception, each hedge relationship is formalised in hedge documentation. Hedge accounting is discontinued
   when the hedge instrument expires or is sold, terminated, exercised or no longer qualifies for hedge accounting.
   The Group uses Bancorp Treasury Services Limited (BTSL), as an independent valuer, to determine the
   existence of an economic relationship between the hedging instrument and the hedged item based on the
   currency, amount and timing of respective cash flows, interest rates, tenors, repricing dates, maturities and
   notional amounts. BTSL then assesses whether the derivative designated in each hedging relationship is
   expected to be, and has been, effective in offsetting the changes in cash flows of the hedged item.
   The fair value of the USPP notes have been determined at balance date on a discounted cash-flow basis using
   the USD Bloomberg curve and applying discount factors to the future USD interest payment and principal
   cash flows. The fair value of the associated CCIRS has been calculated using the discounted cash-flow
   method, estimated using forward interest and foreign exchange rates (from observable yield curves and
   forward exchange rates).
   The details of the hedging instruments are as follows.
                                                                                  Notional      Carrying            Change in
                                                                                amount of      amount of       value used for
                                                 Average                          hedging    the hedging   calculating hedge
                                   Currency         rate           Maturity    instrument     instrument        effectiveness
                                                                    (years)                       $000                 $000

   2021
   Fair-value and cash-flow
   hedges
   Cross-currency swaps                                                              USD
                                  USD:NZD         Floating            10–15   $275 million        11,272               11,272
                                                                                                  11,272              11,272




                                                             122
                                                 A NNUAL REP ORT 20 2 1




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
FO R THE YE A R END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 1



20. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

                                                                                                                       2021
                                                     Amount          Currency         Maturity    Note coupon    Fair value
                                                   USD$000                                                   %       $000

   Swap participants
   Bank of New Zealand                                55,000        USD:NZD        18/02/2031           4.06%          932
   MUFG                                               45,000        USD:NZD        18/02/2031           4.06%        2,001
   Bank of New Zealand                                60,000        USD:NZD       16/02/2033             4.16%        2,152
   ANZ Bank New Zealand Ltd                           40,000        USD:NZD       16/02/2033             4.16%        1,877
   ANZ Bank New Zealand Ltd                           75,000        USD:NZD       16/02/2036             4.26%       4,310
                                                    275,000                                                         11,272

   Unhedged notes1                                    25,000        USD:AUD        16/02/2031            4.28%
                                                    300,000

   1 AUD equivalent of USD$25 million was received as part of the USPP issuance. This is currently not hedged.

   There is no material hedge ineffectiveness. The maturity of the USPP notes and associated CCIRS are
   matched.

   Sensitivity of the cross-currency interest-rate swaps to a change in interest rate
   The following table demonstrates the sensitivity to a change in floating interest rates of plus/(minus) 50 basis
   points, with all other variables held constant, of the Company’s profit and equity.
                                                                                                                      2021
                                                                                                                     $000

   Increase in interest rates of 50 basis points
   Effect on profit after taxation                                                                                        -
   Effect on equity after taxation                                                                                 (15,077)

   Decrease in interest rates of 50 basis points
   Effect on profit after taxation                                                                                        -
   Effect on equity after taxation                                                                                   16,194


   Based on the Group’s average net level of interest-bearing debt, the Group’s profit and total comprehensive
   income for the year ended 31 March 2020 would not have changed materially if there was a movement of
   plus/(minus) 50 basis points.




                                                              123
                                              RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
FO R THE YE AR END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 1



20. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

c. Foreign-currency risk
   Foreign-currency risk is the risk that the value of the Group’s assets, liabilities, and financial performance will
   fluctuate due to changes in foreign-currency rates.
   The Group is exposed to currency risk in Australian (AUD) and US dollars (USD).
   Exposure to the Australian dollar arises primarily as a result of its subsidiaries in Australia as well as the USPP
   borrowings received in AUD.
   The risk to the Group is that the value of the overseas Australian subsidiaries’ financial position and financial
   performance will fluctuate in economic terms and, as recorded in the consolidated accounts, due to changes
   in the overseas exchange rates.
   The Group hedges the currency risk relating to its Australian subsidiaries by holding a portion of its
   borrowings (both bank debt and USPP notes) in Australian dollars. Any foreign-currency movement in the net
   assets of the Australian subsidiary is partially offset by an opposite movement in the Australian dollar debt.
   Exposure to the US dollar arises from USPP borrowings. This exposure has been fully hedged by way of
   cross-currency interest-rate swaps hedging both principal and interest.
   The cross-currency interest-rate swaps correspond in amount and maturity to the relevant US dollar
   borrowings with no residual foreign-currency risk exposure.
   The cross-currency interest rate swaps consist of a fair-value hedge component and a cash-flow hedge
   component. The effective movements on the fair-value hedge component are taken to the income statements
   along with all movements of the hedged risk on the USPP notes (USD only). The effective movements of the
   cash-flow hedge components are all taken to the cash-flow hedge reserve.
   The following sensitivity analysis is based on the foreign-currency risk exposures in existence at the reporting
   date. At 31 March 2021, had the New Zealand dollar moved either up or down by 10 percent, with all other
   variables held constant, profit and equity would have been affected as follows.
                                                                                                                  2021
                                                                                                                 $000

   Increase in value of NZ dollar of 10%
   Impact on profit after taxation                                                                                       -
   Impact on equity after taxation                                                                              (44,781)

   Decrease in value of NZ dollar of 10%
   Impact on profit after taxation                                                                                       -
   Impact on equity after taxation                                                                               54,732


   The net exposure at balance date is representative of what the Group was and is expecting to be exposed to
   in the next 12 months from balance date.
   The Group’s profit and total comprehensive income for the year ended 31 March 2020 would not have
   changed materially by a movement of plus/(minus) 1 cent in AUD/NZD.




                                                         124
                                               A NNUAL REP ORT 20 2 1




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
FO R THE YE A R END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 1



20. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

d. Liquidity risk
   Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group will not be able to meet its financial obligations as they fall due
   without incurring unacceptable losses or risking reputational damage. The Group manages liquidity to
   ensure that it has sufficient liquidity to meet its liabilities when due. This includes under both normal and
   stressed conditions.
   The Group manages the liquidity risk on occupancy advances through the contractual requirements in the
   occupation agreement.
   Following termination of the agreement, in New Zealand the occupancy advance is repaid at the earlier of:
   •   receipt of the new occupancy advance from the incoming resident
   •   at the end of 3 years.
   Following termination of the agreement, in Australia the occupancy advance is repaid at the earlier of:
   •   14 days after a new resident takes up residence
   •   receipt of the new occupancy advance from the incoming resident
   •   at the end of 6 months.
   The repayment obligation for refundable occupation deposits in New Zealand is within 30 working days of the
   resident vacating their care room.
   The repayment obligation for refundable occupation deposits in Australia is within 14 days of the resident
   vacating their care room.
   Ultimate responsibility for liquidity risk management rests with the directors, who have built an appropriate
   liquidity risk management framework for the management of the Group’s short, medium, and long-term
   funding and liquidity management requirements.
   The Group manages liquidity risk by maintaining adequate reserves, banking facilities, and reserve borrowing
   facilities, and by regularly monitoring forecast and actual cash flows and the maturity profiles of financial
   assets and liabilities.
   At balance date, the Group had NZD$647.3 million (2020: NZD$306.3 million) and AUD$36.0 million
   (2020: AUD$231.0 million) of undrawn facilities at its disposal to further reduce liquidity risk.
   The Group does not face a significant liquidity risk with regard to lease liabilities (note 13).




                                                          125
                                                  RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
FO R THE YE AR END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 1



20. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

   Maturity profile
   The following table details the Group’s exposure to liquidity risk (including contractual interest obligations for
   bank loans, retail bonds and USPP notes).
                                                                   Contractual maturity dates
                                              2021                                                         2020
                                     Less                Greater                                   Less                Greater
                           On        than                   than                       On          than                   than
                       demand      1 year    1–5 years   5 years          Total    demand        1 year   1–5 years    5 years      Total
                        $000       $000         $000      $000           $000       $000         $000        $000       $000       $000


   Financial
   liabilities:
   Trade and other
   payables                   -   106,072            -         -        106,072           -     183,975           -          -    183,975
   Interest-rate
   swaps                      -     17,339           -         -         17,339           -     23,809            -          -    23,809
   CCIRS                      -     11,272           -         -          11,272          -           -           -          -           -
   Refundable
   accommodation
   deposits             113,666          -           -         -        113,666      74,571           -           -          -     74,571
   Bank loans
   (secured)                  -    26,035    1,703,018         -      1,729,053           -       3,533    1,741,613         -   1,745,146
   Retail bond                -     3,687      15,300    152,869        171,856           -           -           -          -           -
   USPP notes                 -     16,441     58,755    518,302       593,498            -           -           -          -           -
   Occupancy
   advances (non-
   interest bearing)          -   438,926 3,263,289            -      3,702,215           -     382,745 2,864,432            -   3,247,177
   Lease liabilities          -     6,255       8,230          -         14,485           -      6,224       9,908           -      16,132
                       113,666    626,027 5,048,592       671,171 6,459,456         74,571 600,286 4,615,953                 - 5,290,810


   Gross occupancy advances and refundable accommodation deposits are non-interest bearing.
   The above figures have been calculated on the anticipated level of occupancy advance repayments based on
   historical experience. To date, new occupancy advances received have always exceeded repaid occupancy
   advances (net of management fees) and represent a positive net operating cash flow to the Group.




                                                               126
                                               A NNUAL REP ORT 20 2 1




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
FO R THE YE A R END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 1



20. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
   The Group maintains the following lines of credit.
   •   $2.8 million (2020: $2.8 million) overdraft facility that is secured. Interest would be payable at the 3-month
       BKBM rate, plus a specified margin (note 9).
   •   Bank debt facilities of the Group total approximately $2.4 billion (2020: $2.3 billion) made up as follows.
       –    An NZD loan facility of $1.90 billion (2020: $1.80 billion), of which $135.0 million (2020: $35.0 million) is
            for 1 year, $144.0 million (2020: $144.0 million) is for 1.5 years, $521.3 million (2020: $521.3 million) is for
            3 years, $485.3 million (2020: $485.3 million) is for 4 years, and $616.3 million (2020: $616.3 million) is
            for 5 years.
       –    An AUD loan facility of AUD$471.0 million (2020: AUD$471.0 million), of which AUD$36.0 million
            (2020: $36.0 million) is for 1.5 years, AUD$235.0 million (2020: AUD$235.0 million) is for 4 years, and
            AUD$200.0 million (2020: $200.0 million) is for 5 years.
       –    In 2021 the NZD loan facility of $1.90 billion is provided by ANZ Bank New Zealand Ltd
            ($390.0 million), Commonwealth Bank of Australia ($274.9 million), Bank of New Zealand/National
            Australia Bank ($470.5 million), Westpac ($291.4 million), MUFG ($175.0 million), Bank of China
            ($200.0 million) and the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China ($100.0 million) under the terms
            of a syndicated loan agreement. The facility allows for the funds to be drawn down in NZD up to the
            $1.90 billion NZD limit.
       –    In 2021 the AUD loan facility of AUD$471.0 million is provided by ANZ Bank New Zealand Ltd
            (AUD$136.0 million), Commonwealth Bank of Australia (AUD$242.5 million), Bank of New Zealand/
            National Australia Bank (AUD$42.0 million), and Westpac (AUD$50.5 million) under the terms of a
            syndicated loan agreement.
       –    In 2020 the NZD loan facility of $1.80 billion is provided by ANZ Bank New Zealand Ltd ($390.0 million),
            Commonwealth Bank of Australia ($274.9 million), Bank of New Zealand/National Australia Bank
            ($370.5 million), Westpac ($291.4 million), MUFG ($175.0 million), Bank of China ($200.0 million) and
            the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China ($100.0 million) under the terms of a syndicated loan
            agreement. The facility allowed for the funds to be drawn down in NZD up to the $1.80 billion NZD limit.
       –    In 2020 the AUD loan facility of AUD$471.0 million is provided by ANZ Bank New Zealand Ltd
            (AUD$136.0 million), Commonwealth Bank of Australia (AUD$242.5 million), Bank of New Zealand/
            National Australia Bank (AUD$42.0 million), and Westpac (AUD$50.5 million) under the terms of a
            syndicated loan agreement.
   The Group renews its facilities annually to ensure an appropriate portion matures on a rolling 1, 3, 4, and 5-year basis.




                                                           127
                                               RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
FO R THE YE AR END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 1



20. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

e. Fair values
     Apart from the retail bonds and US Private Placement notes (USPP), the carrying amounts of financial
     instruments in the Group’s balance sheet are the same as their fair value in all material aspects, due to the
     demand features of these instruments and/or their interest-rate profiles.
     The fair value of the retail bond is based on the price traded at on the NZX market at 31 March 2021.
     The fair value of the retail bond is categorised as Level 1 under the fair-value hierarchy in accordance with
     NZ IFRS 13 – Fair Value Measurement.
     The fair value of the US Private Placement notes has been determined at balance date on a discounted
     cash-flow basis and applying discount factors to the future USD interest payment and principal payment cash
     flows. The fair value of the USPP is categorised as Level 2 under the fair-value hierarchy in accordance with
     NZ IFRS 13 – Fair Value Measurement.

                                                          2021                2021              2020               2020
                                               Carrying amount          Fair value   Carrying amount          Fair value
                                                         $000               $000              $000                 $000

     Retail bond                                        146,861           149,880                  -                     -
     US Private Placement notes                        399,214            401,263                  -                     -

     The fair value of interest-rate swaps and CCIRS are derived using inputs supplied by third parties that are
     observable, either directly (prices) or indirectly (derived from prices). The Group has therefore categorised
     these liabilities as Level 2 under the fair-value hierarchy contained within IFRS 13 – Fair Value Measurement.

f.   Market risk
     The Group is primarily exposed to interest-rate risk (note 20 (b)) and foreign-currency risk (note 20 (c)).

g. Capital management
     The Group’s capital includes share capital, reserves, and retained earnings. The objective of the Group’s capital
     management is to ensure a strong credit rating to support business growth and maximise shareholder value.
     The Group’s capital is managed at parent-company level. The Group is subject to capital requirements
     imposed by its bank and the lenders included in the banking syndicate through covenants agreed as part of
     the lending facility arrangements, bond holders through covenants in the Master Trust Deed and USPP note
     holders through covenants in the Note Purchase Agreement.
     The Group has met all externally imposed capital requirements for the 12 months ended 31 March 2021 and
     31 March 2020.
     The Group’s capital structure is managed, and adjustments are made with board approval to the structure,
     considering economic conditions at the time. There were no changes to objectives, policies, or processes
     during the year.




                                                          128
                                               A NNUAL REP ORT 20 2 1




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
FO R THE YE A R END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 1



2 1. COMMITMENTS

Capital expenditure commitments
The Group had commitments relating to construction contracts amounting to $180.6 million at 31 March 2021
(2020: $200.9 million).
The Group has an ongoing commitment for maintaining the land and buildings of the integrated retirement
villages, resthomes, and hospitals.

2 2 . CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
The Group had no contingent liabilities at 31 March 2021 (2020: $Nil).

2 3. 	R ECONCILIATION OF NET PROFIT AF TER TAX WITH NET CASH FLOW FROM
      OPERATING ACTIVITIES

                                                                                           2021              2020
                                                                                          $000               $000

Net profit after tax                                                                    423,061           264,710

Adjusted for:
Movements in balance-sheet items
Occupancy advances                                                                      518,292           482,962
Accrued management fees                                                                  (59,116)          (64,051)
Refundable accommodation deposits                                                        32,470             40,558
Revenue in advance                                                                         7,515             6,456
Trade and other payables                                                                  4,845              5,507
Trade and other receivables                                                             (92,565)            (81,124)
Inventory                                                                               (26,738)                   -
Employee entitlements                                                                     6,356               1,844

Non-cash items:
Depreciation and amortisation                                                            29,892             26,829
Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                       2,476               1,787
Loss on disposal                                                                          15,102                   -
Deferred tax                                                                             (12,561)         (93,563)
Unrealised foreign-exchange (gain)/loss                                                 (19,063)              2,314

Adjusted for:
Fair-value movement of investment properties                                           (416,847)          (144,438)

Net operating cash flows                                                                 413,119           449,791


Net operating cash flows includes net occupancy advance receipts from retirement-village residents of
$787.7 million (2020: $755.3 million).
Also included in operating cash flows are net receipts from refundable accommodation deposits of
$27.9 million (2020: $41.1 million).
Net operating cash flows also include management fees collected of $48.0 million (2020: $44.6 million).

                                                        129
                                                RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
FO R THE YE AR END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 1



24. SUB SIDIARY COMPANIES
All trading subsidiaries operate in the aged-care sector in New Zealand and Australia, are 100 percent owned, and
have a balance date of 31 March. The operating subsidiaries are listed below.
•   Anthony Wilding Retirement Village Limited             •   Keith Park Retirement Village Limited
•   Bert Sutcliffe Retirement Village Limited              •   Kiri Te Kanawa Retirement Village Limited
•   Bob Owens Retirement Village Limited                   •   Linda Jones Retirement Village Limited
•   Bob Scott Retirement Village Limited                   •   Logan Campbell Retirement Village Limited
•   Bruce McLaren Retirement Village Limited               •   Malvina Major Retirement Village Limited
•   Café Ryman Russley Road Limited                        •   Margaret Stoddart Retirement Village Limited
•   Charles Brownlow Retirement Village Pty Ltd            •   Miriam Corban Retirement Village Limited
•   Charles Fleming Retirement Village Limited             •   Murray Halberg Retirement Village Limited
•   Charles Upham Retirement Village Limited               •   Nellie Melba Retirement Village Pty Ltd
•   Diana Isaac Retirement Village Limited                 •   Ngaio Marsh Retirement Village Limited
•   Edmund Hillary Retirement Village Limited              •   Possum Bourne Retirement Village Limited
•   Ernest Rutherford Retirement Village Limited           •   Riccarton Park Retirement Village Limited
•   Essie Summers Retirement Village Limited               •   Rita Angus Retirement Village Limited
•   Evelyn Page Retirement Village Limited                 •   Rowena Jackson Retirement Village Limited
•   Frances Hodgkins Retirement Village Limited            •   Ryman Aged Care (Australia) Pty Ltd
•   Grace Joel Retirement Village Limited                  •   Ryman Construction Pty Ltd
•   Hilda Ross Retirement Village Limited                  •   Ryman Healthcare (Australia) Pty Ltd
•   James Wattie Retirement Village Limited                •   Ryman Healthcare (Australia) No. 10 Pty Ltd
•   Jane Mander Retirement Village Limited                 •   Ryman Napier Limited
•   Jane Winstone Retirement Village Limited               •   Shona McFarlane Retirement Village Limited
•   Jean Sandel Retirement Village Limited                 •   Weary Dunlop Retirement Village Pty Ltd
•   John Flynn Retirement Village Pty Ltd                  •   William Sanders Retirement Village Limited
•   Julia Wallace Retirement Village Limited               •   Yvette Williams Retirement Village Limited

2 5. SEGMENT INFORMATION

Products and services from which reportable segments derive their revenue
The Ryman Group operates in one industry, being the provision of integrated retirement villages for older people
in New Zealand and Australia. The service provision process for each of the villages is similar, and the class of
customer and methods of distribution and regulatory environment are consistent across all the villages.

Segment revenues and results
The accounting policies of the reportable segment are the same as the Group’s accounting policies. The segment
profit represents profit earned for the segment after all costs including all administration costs, directors’ fees,
interest revenue, finance costs, and income-tax expense.
The board makes resource allocation decisions to the segment, based on the expected cash flows and results of
Group operations as a whole. No operations were discontinued during the year. To monitor segment performance
and allocate resources to the segment, the board monitors assets attributable to the segment. All assets are
allocated to the reportable segment.

                                                        130
                                             A NNUAL REP ORT 20 2 1




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
FO R THE YE A R END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 1



2 5. SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

Information about major customers
Included in total revenue are revenues that arose from sales to the Group’s largest customers.
The Group derives care-fee revenue for eligible government-subsidised, aged-care residents who receive
resthome, hospital, or dementia-level care. The government aged-care subsidies received from the New Zealand
Ministry of Health included in Group care fees amounted to $122.5 million (2020: $114.9 million). There are no other
significant customers.

Geographical information
The Group operates in New Zealand and Australia.
In presenting information based on geographical areas, net profit, underlying profit, and revenue are based on the
geographical location of operations. Assets are based on the geographical location of the assets.
                                                                     New Zealand          Australia          Group
                                                                           $000              $000            $000
Year ended 31 March 2021

Revenue                                                                  405,396            50,398         455,794

Underlying profit (non-GAAP)                                              192,286           32,163         224,449
Deferred tax credit (note 4)                                                5,861            6,700           12,561
Unrealised fair-value movement (note 7)                                   192,582             8,571         201,153
Impairment – loss on disposal (note 6)                                           -         (15,102)         (15,102)
Profit for the year                                                      390,729            32,332          423,061

Non-current assets                                                      7,230,298        1,340,463        8,570,761

Year ended 31 March 2020

Revenue                                                                    383,117          40,766         423,883

Underlying profit (non-GAAP)                                              199,877           42,154          242,031
Deferred tax credit (note 4)                                               86,142             7,421         93,563
Unrealised fair-value movement (note 7)                                  (44,092)         (26,792)         (70,884)
Profit for the year                                                       241,927           22,783          264,710

Non-current assets                                                     6,260,370          946,336         7,206,706


Underlying profit is a non-GAAP (Generally Accepted Accounting Principles) measure and differs from NZ IFRS
profit for the year. Underlying profit does not have a standardised meaning prescribed by GAAP and so may not
be comparable to similar financial information presented by other entities. The Group uses underlying profit, with
other measures, to measure performance. Underlying profit is a measure that the Group uses consistently across
reporting periods.




                                                        131
                                             RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
FO R THE YE AR END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 1



2 5. SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
Underlying profit includes realised movement on investment property for units in which a right-to-occupy
has been sold during the period and for which a legally binding contract is in place at the reporting date. The
occupancy advance for these units may have been received or be included within the trade receivables balance at
reporting date (see note 5).
Underlying profit excludes deferred taxation, taxation expense, unrealised movement on investment properties,
and impairment losses on non-trading assets because these items do not reflect the trading performance of the
Company. Underlying profit determines the dividend payout to shareholders.

26. EMPLOYEE SHARE SCHEMES

Leadership share scheme
The Group operates an employee share scheme for certain senior employees, other than non-executive directors,
to purchase ordinary shares in the Company.
The Group provides the employees with limited recourse loans on an interest-free basis to support employees’
participation in the scheme. These shares are treated as treasury stock when purchased on market, due to the
features of the scheme.
The loans are applied to the purchase of shares on market, so the number of shares and the consideration
for each share are determined by the market price at that time. The scheme holds 2,655,017 fully allocated
shares, which represents 0.53 percent of the total shares on issue (2020: 2,711,244 fully allocated shares, which
represented 0.54 percent of the total shares on issue).
Shares purchased under the scheme are held by two directors as custodians, and the shares carry the same
rights as all other ordinary shares. The loan is repayable if the employee is no longer employed by the Group.
The following table reconciles the shares purchased on market under the scheme at the beginning and end of
the financial year.
                                                                                             2021                2020
                                                                                        Number of         Number of
                                                                                           shares            shares

Balance at beginning of the financial year                                                2,711,244        2,577,272
Purchased on market during the year                                                       994,860          1,026,708
Forfeited during the financial year                                                      (236,003)         (213,479)
Vested during the financial year                                                         (815,084)         (679,257)
Balance at end of the financial year                                                     2,655,017         2,711,244

Shares were purchased under the scheme in August 2020 at a price of $13.468 per share. Remaining shares held
by the scheme were purchased in August 2019 ($13.40) and August 2018 ($12.98).
Shares vested in August 2020 were originally purchased at $9.32 per share in 2017 and are now held directly by
employees. The amounts owed by employees in these vested shares are included within advances to employees.
This balance includes $277,083 owing by the senior executive team (as defined in note 19) in the share scheme
(2020: $1,776,967).




                                                        132
                                               A NNUAL REP ORT 20 2 1




Notes to the consolidated financial statements (continued)
FO R THE YE A R END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 1



26. EMPLOY EE SHARE SCHEMES (CONTINUED)
The directors estimate the fair value of each employee advance granted at the time of the purchase of shares on
market, on behalf of the selected employee. Due to the on-market purchase and sale features of the scheme, and
the scheme agreement arrangements, the directors consider any such value to be immaterial. Shares subject to
this scheme vest 3 years from the date of purchase.

All staff employee share scheme
In addition, the Group operates a share scheme that is available for all staff.
Participants of this scheme contribute a minimum of $500 (and up to a maximum amount of $10,000) towards the
on-market purchase of Ryman Healthcare Limited shares. To help the staff member purchase more shares, the Group
advanced an interest-free loan equal to the employee’s contribution towards the share purchase (financial assistance).
The loan is repayable when the staff member leaves the Group. Shares purchased under the scheme are held in
the employee’s name. The financial assistance provided by the Group is recorded in advances to employees.

2 7. SUB SEQUENT EVENTS
The directors resolved to pay a final dividend of 13.6 cents per share or $68 million, with no imputation credits
attached, to be paid on 18 June 2021.

Refinance of loans and borrowings
Subsequent to 31 March 2021, the Group refinanced the NZD and AUD bank loan facilities. Following the refinance,
the facilities total $1.65 billion (NZD bank loan facility) and AUD$370 million (AUD bank loan facility).
The Group also entered into an AUD$250 million, 7-year institutional term loan (ITL).
Following the refinance, the total interest-bearing loans and borrowing facilities of the Group (including bank loans,
retail bonds, USPP notes and ITL) are NZD$2.18 billion and AUD$652 million. The weighted average maturity
profile of the Group’s interest-bearing loans and borrowings is 4.79 years.

2 8. AUTHORISATION
The directors authorised the issue of these financial statements on 20 May 2021.




Claire Higgins                                                  Dr David Kerr
Non-Executive Director and                                      Chair
Chair of Audit and Financial Risk Committee




                                                          133
                                              RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Independent Auditor’s Report
TO THE SHAR E H O L D ER S O F RY M A N H E A LT HCARE LIMIT ED


Opinion               We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Ryman Healthcare Limited and its
                      subsidiaries (the ‘Group’), which comprise the consolidated balance sheet as at 31 March 2021, and
                      the consolidated income statement, statement of comprehensive income, statement of changes in
                      equity and statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial
                      statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.
                      In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated financial statements, on pages 86 to 133, present
                      fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Group as at 31 March 2021,
                      and its consolidated financial performance and cash flows for the year then ended in accordance
                      with New Zealand Equivalents to International Financial Reporting Standards (‘NZ IFRS’) and
                      International Financial Reporting Standards (‘IFRS’).


Basis for opinion     We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (‘ISAs’) and
                      International Standards on Auditing (New Zealand) (‘ISAs (NZ)’). Our responsibilities under those
                      standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated
                      Financial Statements section of our report.
                      We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a
                      basis for our opinion.
                      We are independent of the Company in accordance with Professional and Ethical Standard 1
                      International Code of Ethics for Assurance Practitioners (including International Independence
                      Standards) (New Zealand) issued by the New Zealand Auditing and Assurance Standards Board
                      and the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants’ International Code of Ethics for
                      Professional Accountants (including International Independence Standards), and we have fulfilled
                      our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these requirements.
                      Our firm carries out an assurance engagement for the Group relating to Australian aged care.
                      These services have not impaired our independence as auditor of the Company and Group.
                      In addition to this, partners and employees of our firm deal with the Company and its subsidiaries
                      on normal terms within the ordinary course of trading activities of the business of the Company
                      and its subsidiaries. The firm has no other relationship with, or interest in, the Company or any of
                      its subsidiaries.


Audit materiality     We consider materiality primarily in terms of the magnitude of misstatement in the financial
                      statements of the Group that in our judgement would make it probable that the economic
                      decisions of a reasonably knowledgeable person would be changed or influenced (the ‘quantitative’
                      materiality).
                      In addition, we also assess whether other matters that come to our attention during the audit would
                      in our judgement change or influence the decisions of such a person (the ‘qualitative’ materiality). We
                      use materiality both in planning the scope of our audit work and in evaluating the results of our work.
                      We determined materiality for the Group financial statements as a whole to be $17.5m.


Key audit matters     Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance
                      in our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were
                      addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in
                      forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.




                                                          134
                                                 A NNUAL REP ORT 20 2 1




Valuation of investment properties                          How our audit addressed the key audit matter


As explained in policy (f) and note 7 in the consolidated   Our procedures focused on:
financial statements, investment properties are carried
                                                            • The appropriateness of the valuation methodology
at fair value on the consolidated balance sheet. The
fair value was determined by independent registered         • The reasonableness of underlying assumptions in the
valuers appointed by the Group.                               valuation model.
These properties were valued at $6,837m                     Our procedures included, amongst others:
(2020: $5,760m). The revaluation gain recognised
                                                            • Evaluating the Group’s processes for the independent
in the consolidated income statement was $417m
                                                              valuation of the investment properties
(2020: $144m).
                                                            • Reading the valuation reports for properties within the
We include the valuation of investment properties as a
                                                              group and reviewing the valuation methodology and the
key audit matter for two reasons:
                                                              reasonableness of the significant underlying assumptions
1.	The significance to the financial statements:
                                                            • Discussing with management the nature of key assumptions
    The investment properties account for 75% of
    the total assets (2020: 75%), making it the most        • Assessing the competence, objectivity, and integrity of
    significant balance on the balance sheet.                 the independent registered valuers. We assessed their
                                                              professional qualifications and experience. We also obtained
2.   The complexity of the valuation model:
                                                              representation from them about their independence and the
      The valuation model is complex and combines
                                                              scope of their work
      discounted future cash flows and occupancy
      advances received from residents. The valuation       • Meeting with the valuers to understand the valuation
      relies on various estimates and underlying              process adopted. The purpose of the meeting was to
      assumptions, including current unit pricing,            identify and challenge the critical judgment areas in the
      discount rates, long term house price inflation         valuation model and to confirm the valuation approach was
      and the occupancy periods of residents. A               in accordance with NZ IFRS 13 Fair Value Measurement.
      small percentage difference in certain input            We specifically discussed the impact of COVID-19 with the
      assumptions could result in a material change           valuers and critically challenged the changes made to key
      to the valuation.                                       assumptions and their reasonableness relative to the
                                                              31 March 2020 valuation
                                                            • Using our in-house valuation specialists to assess the
                                                              appropriateness of the valuation methodology and challenge
                                                              the reasonableness of the underlying assumptions. Our
                                                              specialists focused on the appropriateness of the valuation
                                                              methodology, as well as assumptions for current unit pricing,
                                                              long term house price inflation and discount rates
                                                            • Agreeing a sample of sales and resales to contracts,
                                                              recalculating actual growth rates on resales to compare to
                                                              growth applied by the valuer, and recalculating the average
                                                              tenure of residents based on a sample of contracts to compare
                                                              to assumed occupancy periods applied by the valuer
                                                            • Comparing a sample of current unit market values
                                                              determined by the valuer to actual prices received at
                                                              comparable units within the village
                                                            • Assessing the discount rates for reasonableness by
                                                              comparing the rates to those adopted in the previous year
                                                              and the rates adopted by comparable entities, challenging
                                                              the adjustments made to take into account the changing
                                                              impacts of COVID-19
                                                            • Considering the appropriateness of the disclosures in note 7



                                                            135
                                                   RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Valuation of care-facility land and buildings               How our audit addressed the key audit matter


As explained in policy (d) and note 6 in the                Our procedures focused on:
consolidated financial statements, care facility land
                                                            • the appropriateness of the valuation methodology
and buildings are carried at their fair value at the date
of revaluation less any subsequent accumulated              • the reasonableness of underlying assumptions in the
depreciation and impairment losses.                            valuation model.
The fair value was determined by independent                Our procedures included, amongst others:
registered valuers appointed by the Group.
                                                            • Evaluating the Group’s processes regarding the independent
The net book value of care facility land and buildings        valuation of the care facility land and buildings
as reflected in note 6 is $955m (2020: $711m). The
                                                            • Reviewing the valuation methodology and the
revaluation gain recognised in other comprehensive
                                                              reasonableness of the significant valuation assumptions
income was $196m (2020: $nil).
                                                            • Assessing the competence, objectivity, and integrity of
We included the valuation of care-facility land and
                                                              the independent registered valuers. We assessed their
buildings as a key audit matter for two reasons:
                                                              professional qualifications and experience. We also obtained
1.	The materiality of the account balance, and the           representation from them about their independence and the
    revaluation movements.                                    scope of their work
2.	The complexity of the valuation model:                  • Meeting with the valuers to understand the valuation process
    The valuation model includes both observable              adopted. The purpose of the meeting was to identify and
    and non-observable inputs. It uses significant            challenge the critical judgement areas in the valuation model
    assumptions, including the determination of the           and to confirm the valuation approach was in accordance
    earnings that were capitalised, the capitalisation        with NZ IFRS 13 Fair Value Measurement. We specifically
    rates adopted, and the assessment of the                  discussed the impact of COVID-19 with the valuers and
    market value per care bed. These inputs require           critically challenged any related adjustments made to key
    significant judgement.                                    assumptions and their reasonableness
                                                            • Using our in-house valuation specialists to assess the
                                                              appropriateness of the valuation methodology and challenge
                                                              the reasonableness of the underlying assumptions. Our
                                                              specialists focused on the assumptions for earnings
                                                              capitalisation rates
                                                            • Assessing the reasonableness of the capitalisation rates and
                                                              market value per care bed adopted in the valuation
                                                            • Agreeing, on a sample basis, the earnings capitalised to the
                                                              underlying accounting records and challenging the valuers
                                                              on the adjustments made to actual earnings in arriving at the
                                                              earnings used in the valuation
                                                            • Considering the appropriateness of the disclosures in note 6




                                                            136
                                                   A NNUAL REP ORT 20 2 1




Other information          The directors are responsible on behalf of the Group for the other information. The other
                           information comprises the information in the Annual Report that accompanies the consolidated
                           financial statements and the audit report. The Annual Report will be made available to us after the
                           date of this auditor’s report.
                           Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we
                           do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.
                           Our responsibility is to read the other information and consider whether it is materially inconsistent
                           with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise
                           appears to be materially misstated. If so, we are required to report that fact.
                           When we read the other information in the Annual Report, if we conclude that there is a material
                           misstatement therein, we are required to communicate the matter to the directors and consider
                           further appropriate actions.


Directors’                 The directors are responsible on behalf of the Group for the preparation and fair presentation of
responsibilities for the   the consolidated financial statements in accordance with NZ IFRS and IFRS, and for such internal
consolidated financial     control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial
statements                 statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.
                           In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible on behalf of the
                           Group for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable,
                           matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the
                           directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative
                           but to do so.


Auditor’s                  Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial
responsibilities           statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and
for the audit of the       to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of
consolidated financial     assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs and ISAs (NZ)
statements                 will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud
                           or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be
                           expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated
                           financial statements.
                           A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements is
                           located on the External Reporting Board’s website at:
                           https://www.xrb.govt.nz/standards-for-assurance-practitioners/auditors-responsibilities/audit-
                           report-1
                           This description forms part of our auditor’s report.


Restriction on use         This report is made solely to the Company’s shareholders, as a body. Our audit has been
                           undertaken so that we might state to the Company’s shareholders those matters we are required
                           to state to them in an auditor’s report and for no other purpose. To the fullest extent permitted by
                           law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than the Company’s shareholders
                           as a body, for our audit work, for this report, or for the opinions we have formed.




Paul Bryden, Partner
for Deloitte Limited
Christchurch, New Zealand
20 May 2021

                                                               137
                                     RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Sidney Humphries and
Sandra Humphries, Ryman residents.

                                            138
    A NNUAL REP ORT 20 2 1




Statement
of corporate
governance


             139
                                                RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Statement of corporate governance



Ryman believes in the benefit of good                            Ryman considered the impact of COVID-19 and
corporate governance and the value it                            determined that additional time was required to
                                                                 meet its periodic reporting requirements, and relied
provides for our shareholders, residents,                        on the class waiver in relation to its full-year results
staff, and other stakeholders.                                   announcement for the year ended 31 March 2020.
                                                                 The 2020 full-year results announcement was
Ryman’s board of directors is responsible                        released on 12 June 2020.
for the company’s corporate governance.                          The 2020 annual report was released on 29 June 2020,
The board undertakes this role with reference                    which met the standard periodic reporting requirements
to best practice and takes into consideration                    under the Listing Rules and did not make use of the
                                                                 class waiver.
the recommendations outlined in the NZX
Corporate Governance Code (the Code).                            PRINCIPLE 1 – CODE OF ETHICAL
                                                                 BEHAVIOUR
The company’s approach to applying the
                                                                 “Directors should set high standards of ethical
recommendations outlined in the Code are                         behaviour, model this behaviour and hold
set out below. The section is set out in the                     management accountable for these standards
order of the principles detailed in the Code                     being followed throughout the organisation.”
and explains how Ryman is applying the
                                                                 Code of ethics
Code’s recommendations.
                                                                 As part of the board’s commitment to the highest
Ryman’s policy documents referred to in this                     standards of behaviour and accountability, the
section are available at www.rymanhealthcare.                    company has adopted a code of ethics to guide
                                                                 directors, senior management, and employees in
co.nz/about-us/investors/governance.                             carrying out their duties and responsibilities.
                                                                 Ryman’s code of ethics is the framework of standards by
NZX Listing Rules
                                                                 which the directors, senior management, and employees
The company applies the NZX Main Board Listing                   are expected to conduct their professional lives. It is
Rules (the Listing Rules). At the date of this report,           intended to support decision-making that is consistent
the current version of the Listing Rules are those               with Ryman’s values, business goals, and legal and policy
dated 10 December 2020.                                          obligations, rather than to prescribe an exhaustive list of
                                                                 acceptable and non-acceptable behaviour.
COVID-19 Class Waiver – 2020 results
                                                                 The board approves the code of ethics, which covers
announcement and annual report
                                                                 matters such as:
As a result of the COVID-19 situation, on 19 March 2020
                                                                 •   interacting with residents and their families,
NZX Regulation granted a class waiver, under which
                                                                     employees, and suppliers
the timing requirements for the release of results
announcements and annual reports were extended                   •   accepting gifts or other benefits
for issuers with certain balance dates, if those issuers         •   dealing with conflicts of interest
considered they required that additional time to meet            •   protecting company assets
their periodic reporting requirements.
                                                                 •   complying with laws and policies
Under the class waiver, issuers were given up to an              •   maintaining confidentiality
additional 30 days to prepare and release results
                                                                 •   reporting breaches.
announcements, and up to an additional 2 months
to prepare and release annual reports.


                                                           140
                                              A NNUAL REP ORT 20 2 1




Statement of corporate governance (continued)


New employees receive a copy of the code of ethics,              The board carries out its responsibilities according to
which is accessible to all staff on the Ryman intranet           the following mandate.
and the company website.
                                                                 •   The board should consist of a majority of
The company has a whistleblower and protected                        non-executive directors.
disclosure policy. The purpose of the policy is to               •   At least a third of the directors should be
protect an employee who wishes to raise concerns of                  independent of management and free from any
serious wrongdoing from reprisals or victimisation for               business or other relationship or circumstance
reporting their concerns.                                            that could materially interfere with the exercise
                                                                     of a director’s independent judgement.
Financial product trading policy
                                                                 •   The board’s chair should be a non-executive
Ryman supports the integrity of New Zealand’s                        director (and not the group chief executive).
financial markets. This integrity is maintained, in              •   Directors should possess a broad range of skills,
part, through the insider trading laws that apply in                 qualifications, and experience and remain up to date
New Zealand. Ryman’s financial product trading policy                on how best to perform their duties as directors.
outlines how those laws apply, as well as the rules that
                                                                 •   Management must provide information of
Ryman has put in place so that those laws are followed.
                                                                     sufficient content, quality, and timeliness as the
Directors, certain employees, and their related parties              board considers necessary to allow the board to
must seek approval from the company to trade in the                  effectively discharge its duties.
company’s shares. Trading is limited to two ‘trading             •   The effectiveness and performance of the
windows’: between the full-year announcement                         board and its individual members should be
date and 31 August, and between the half-year                        re-evaluated annually.
announcement date and 31 January each year.
                                                                 The board consists entirely of non-executive directors.
The directors’ shareholdings and all trading of shares           The directors of the company at 31 March 2021 are
during the year by the directors is disclosed in the             Dr David Kerr, Jo Appleyard, Warren Bell, Claire Higgins,
section headed Directors’ disclosures. A director or             George Savvides, Geoff Cumming, Anthony Leighs,
senior manager is obliged to advise the NZX promptly             Paula Jeffs and Greg Campbell.
if they trade in the company’s shares.
                                                                 The board has determined that Dr David Kerr,
PRINCIPLE 2 – BOARD COMP OSITION AND                             Jo Appleyard, Claire Higgins, George Savvides,
PERFORMANCE                                                      Anthony Leighs, Paula Jeffs and Greg Campbell
                                                                 are all independent directors for the purposes of
“To ensure an effective board, there should be                   the Listing Rules.
a balance of independence, skills, knowledge,
experience and perspectives.”                                    More information on the directors, including their
                                                                 experience, interests, qualifications, length of service,
                                                                 and shareholdings, is provided in the Directors’
The board of directors
                                                                 disclosures section of this report and is on the
The directors are responsible for the corporate                  company’s website. A summary of the board’s skill
governance practices of the company. The practices               set is detailed in the table below.
adopted by the board are prescribed in a charter that
                                                                 Day-to-day management of Ryman is delegated to the
sets out the protocols for how the board operates.
                                                                 group chief executive and the senior executive team.
The charter complies with the relevant recommendations           The group chief executive and senior executive team
in the Code and is reviewed annually.                            are delegated the responsibility for implementing the
                                                                 board’s strategy.
The board’s primary role is to effectively represent and
promote the interests of shareholders, with a view to
adding long-term value to the company’s shares.


                                                           141
                                                RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Statement of corporate governance (continued)



                                   Dr David    Jo       Warren       George    Claire     Geoff    Anthony   Paula     Greg
                                     Kerr   Appleyard    Bell       Savvides   Higgins   Cumming    Leighs   Jeffs   Campbell
Governance                            •         •         •             •         •         •         •                     •
Executive leadership                                                    •         •         •         •         •           •
Finance, accounting and taxation      •                   •             •         •         •                               •
Risk management                       •         •         •             •         •         •         •         •           •
Property and construction                       •         •                                 •         •                     •
Health and safety                     •         •                                 •                   •         •           •
Health, clinical and aged care        •         •         •             •         •         •                   •
Digital and technology                •                                 •
Human resources                       •         •                       •                   •                   •           •
Strategy                              •         •         •             •         •         •         •         •           •



The board’s responsibilities                                        processes and procedures. Through this process,
                                                                    the board identifies any training opportunities for
The primary responsibilities of the board are to:
                                                                    individual directors to ensure they have relevant and
•   ensure the company’s goals are clearly established              up-to-date skills for performing their role.
    and that strategies are in place for achieving them
                                                                    Under the Listing Rules every director must stand for
•   establish policies for strengthening the                        re-election on the later of 3 years and the third annual
    performance of the company and ensure that                      meeting after their appointment. These directors may
    management is proactively seeking to build                      offer themselves for re-election.
    the business
                                                                    The Governance, Remuneration and Nomination
•   monitor the performance of management
                                                                    Committee undertakes the process for nominating
•   appoint the group chief executive and set the                   directors on behalf of the board, and makes
    terms of the group chief executive’s employment                 appropriate recommendations to the board.
    agreement
                                                                    The committee’s terms of reference include the
•   decide on what steps are needed to protect the
                                                                    process for nominating directors.
    company’s financial position and its ability to meet
    its debts and other obligations when they fall due,             Directors appointed by the board must retire at the
    and ensure that such steps are taken                            next annual meeting following their appointment.
•   ensure the company’s financial statements are                   These directors may offer themselves for re-election.
    true and fair and conform with the law
                                                                    Independent professional advice
•   ensure the company adheres to high standards of
    ethics and corporate behaviour                                  With the prior approval of the chair, each director
•   ensure the company adheres to its health and                    has the right to seek independent legal and other
    safety obligations and commitments                              professional advice at the company’s expense
                                                                    about any aspect of the company’s operations or
•   ensure the company has appropriate risk
                                                                    undertakings to assist in fulfilling their duties and
    management/regulatory compliance policies
                                                                    responsibilities as directors.
    in place.
On appointment to the board by the shareholders,                    Diversity
new directors sign a written agreement that covers the              The board and management ensure that all eligible
terms of their appointment.                                         people get an equal opportunity to demonstrate that
Every year, the board and sub-committees critically                 they have the right skills and experience for a particular
evaluate their own performance, and their own                       role, which forms the basis of our diversity policy.


                                                              142
                                              A NNUAL REP ORT 20 2 1




Statement of corporate governance (continued)


Ryman embraces the uniqueness in all of our people              Audit and Financial Risk Committee
and welcomes diversity. We encourage all of our
                                                                The objective of the Audit and Financial Risk
employees to listen to each other and to our residents
                                                                Committee (AFRC) is to assist the board in discharging
and their families, and to work to meet the needs of
                                                                its responsibilities for financial reporting, and risk and
individual people.
                                                                financial/secretarial compliance.
Our approach to diversity is to continually develop a
                                                                The committee makes recommendations to the board
work environment that supports equality and inclusion,
                                                                on appointing external auditors to ensure that they are
regardless of difference.
                                                                independent and to ensure that the company provides
The board sets measurable objectives for assessing              for 5-yearly rotation of the lead audit partner.
performance against Ryman’s diversity policy (including
                                                                The committee provides a forum for the effective
achieving gender diversity) and assesses progress
                                                                communication between the board and external
annually. The board ensures Ryman’s objectives are
                                                                auditors. The committee’s responsibilities include:
appropriate for promoting diversity and inclusion.
                                                                •   reviewing the appointment of the external
The gender diversity for our leadership roles at
                                                                    auditor, the annual audit plan, and addressing
31 March is as follows.
                                                                    any recommendations from the audit
                                       2021        2020         •   reviewing any dividend proposals and financial
Directors                  Male          6          5               information to be issued to the public
                           Female        3          3           •   ensuring that appropriate financial systems
                                         9          8               and internal controls are in place
Senior Executive Team      Male          5          4
                                                                •   oversight of the Group’s financial and enterprise
                           Female        2          3               level risk environment.
                                         7          7
                                                                The AFRC must consist of at least three directors,
Ryman Leaders              Male         197        143
                                                                who must wherever possible be independent
                           Female       349        291
                                                                non-executive directors. The board chair must also
                                        546        434
                                                                not be the chair of the AFRC. The current members
                                                                are Claire Higgins (chair), Warren Bell (deputy chair),
PRINCIPLE 3 – BOARD COMMIT TEES
                                                                Geoff Cumming, Dr David Kerr, George Savvides, and
“The board should use committees where this                     Greg Campbell. Dr David Kerr, Claire Higgins,
will enhance its effectiveness in key areas, while              George Savvides, and Greg Campbell are all
still retaining board responsibility.”                          independent non-executive directors. Claire Higgins
                                                                is a Fellow of CPA Australia and Warren Bell is a Fellow
Board committees                                                of Chartered Accountants Australia New Zealand.

The board has five standing committees: Audit and               The committee generally invites the group chief
Financial Risk; People and Safety; Clinical Governance;         executive, chief financial officer, and the external
Development and Construction; and Governance,                   auditor to attend AFRC meetings as appropriate. The
Remuneration and Nomination.                                    committee also meets and receives regular reports
                                                                from the external auditor without management
A separate Independent Directors’ Committee                     present, concerning any matters that arise in
meets as needed.                                                connection with the performance of the auditor’s role.
Each committee operates under specific terms of                 The committee maintains direct lines of
reference approved by the board. Any recommendations            communication with the group chief executive, and
they make are recommendations to the board.                     the chief financial officer. Any director may attend.
The terms of reference for each committee are
reviewed annually.


                                                          143
                                               RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Statement of corporate governance (continued)



People and Safety Committee                                       Clinical Governance Committee
The People and Safety Committee (previously the                   The Clinical Governance Committee supports,
Health, Safety and Wellbeing Committee) assists the               and enhances the quality of, the company’s clinical
board in discharging its responsibilities in overseeing           performance and care and service provision.
and reviewing people and health, safety and wellbeing
                                                                  The committee assists the board in discharging its
matters arising out of Ryman’s activities and the
                                                                  oversight of clinical reporting and clinical compliance
impact of these activities on staff, contractors,
                                                                  and is focused on innovation in healthcare and ensuring
residents, and visitors to Ryman.
                                                                  alignment with emerging best clinical practice.
The committee recognises the critical role people
                                                                  The committee consists of three non-executive
and safety forms as part of its day-to-day operations
                                                                  directors: George Savvides (chair), Dr David Kerr, and
and wants to ensure a safety-first culture across all
                                                                  Jo Appleyard, as well as Tim Wilkinson, a professor at
business operations.
                                                                  Otago Medical School and a consulting geriatrician,
The members of the committee are Paula Jeffs (chair),             and Dr Doug Wilson, an author and biotechnologist.
Claire Higgins, Dr David Kerr, Jo Appleyard,                      The committee also invite clinically-trained staff to
Geoff Cumming, Greg Campbell, Gordon MacLeod                      attend as required.
(Group Chief Executive), as a director of all Ryman
                                                                  The committee’s responsibilities are to:
Group subsidiaries and David Bennett (Chief Financial
Officer), as a director of all Ryman Group subsidiaries.          •   liaise with internal and external clinical auditors

The committee’s responsibilities include:                         •   review internal and external clinical audit findings
                                                                  •   review significant changes to clinical policies
•   reviewing, monitoring and making
    recommendations to the board on the health and                •   review significant complaints and investigations
    safety risk management framework and policies,                    relating to care of residents
    and the people and culture plan                               •   ensure appropriate clinical information systems
•   reviewing and making recommendations to                           and external controls are in place
    the board on strategies for achieving workforce               •   review changes in clinical practice in aged care.
    health, safety and wellbeing objectives through               The committee maintains direct lines of
    oversight of the organisation’s major project or              communication with the external clinical auditors, the
    other improvement plans                                       group chief executive, the chief operations officer, and
•   ensuring the board and directors are properly and             the internal clinical auditor.
    regularly informed on matters relating to people
                                                                  External clinical auditors are invited to attend a
    and health, safety and wellbeing governance,
                                                                  meeting each year and report to the committee,
    performance, and compliance
                                                                  including presenting a review of the internal clinical
•   conducting regular assessments and audits of the              audit function.
    risk profile and control processes
•   monitoring compliance with people and health,                 Development and Construction Committee
    safety and wellbeing policies and relevant applicable         The Development and Construction Committee
    law through oversight of major assurance functions            reviews and enhances the quality of the company’s
•   reviewing and making recommendations to the                   development and construction performance.
    board on strategies for achieving people and
                                                                  The committee assists the board in discharging
    culture objectives.
                                                                  its oversight of the company’s development and
The committee maintains direct lines of                           construction activities and practices.
communication with the chief operations officer,
                                                                  The committee consists of five non-executive
the chief construction officer, and the head of
                                                                  directors: Anthony Leighs (chair), Jo Appleyard,
people and culture.
                                                                  Warren Bell, Claire Higgins, and Greg Campbell.

                                                            144
                                              A NNUAL REP ORT 20 2 1




Statement of corporate governance (continued)


The committee’s responsibilities include:                         •   advise and assist the group chief executive in
                                                                      setting remuneration for the senior executive team
•   ensuring the consent and construction programme
    assists in delivering the company’s long-term plan            •   regularly review and recommend changes
                                                                      to the composition of the board and identify
•   investigating new, innovative construction and design
                                                                      and recommend individuals for nomination as
    methods to improve resident and staff experiences
                                                                      members of the board and its committees.
•   reviewing New Zealand and Victoria cost
    trends, buildability, availability of resources and           The directors’ remuneration is set out in the
    compliance with regulatory and quality protocols              Directors’ disclosures section of this report.
                                                                  Detail of the group chief executive’s remuneration is
•   reviewing site feasibilities and due diligence
                                                                  set out under Principle 5.
    outcomes to provide confirmation of review to
    the board
                                                                  Independent Directors’ Committee
•   reviewing systems and procedures supporting the
    design, consent and building process.                         The Independent Directors’ Committee is convened
                                                                  as needed and consists of independent non-executive
The committee maintains direct lines of communication             directors who address significant conflicts of interest
with the group chief executive, the chief financial               and any other matters referred by the board.
officer, the chief development officer and the chief
construction officer.                                             Ryman has protocols that set out the procedures to be
                                                                  followed if there is a takeover offer. These procedures
Governance, Remuneration and                                      are set out in the Takeover Response Protocols that
Nomination Committee                                              have been adopted by the board.

The Governance, Remuneration and Nomination                       Attendance at board and committee meetings
Committee assists the board in establishing
remuneration policies and practices for the company               Director attendance at board and committee meetings
in discharging the board’s responsibilities for                   is shown in the table below.
remuneration. The committee also undertakes the                   The table details the attendance at the meetings
process for nominating directors on behalf of the                 outlined in the board and committee meeting plan for
board, and makes appropriate recommendations to                   the year ended 31 March 2021 plus additional meetings
the board.                                                        held during the year. Board meetings consist of a
The committee’s terms of reference include the                    number of meetings held over multiple days.
process for nominating directors.                                 In addition to the meetings outlined in the board
Membership of the committee must comprise                         and committee meeting plan, the board and Clinical
non-executive directors, a majority of whom must                  Governance Committee held additional meetings to
be independent. The committee consists of four                    consider the impact of, and the continued response
non-executive directors: Geoff Cumming (chair),                   to, COVID-19. Wherever possible all members of the
Dr David Kerr, George Savvides and Paula Jeffs.                   board and committee were in attendance at these
                                                                  additional meetings. However, due to the pace at which
Management attends committee meetings only at the                 the response to COVID-19 has evolved over the course
invitation of the committee.                                      of the year and the necessarily short notice given for
The committee’s objectives are to:                                some meetings, not all members were available to
                                                                  attend every meeting.
•   assist the board in establishing remuneration
    policies and practices for the company
•   assist in discharging the board’s responsibilities
    for reviewing the group chief executive’s and the
    directors’ remuneration


                                                            145
                                                       RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Statement of corporate governance (continued)



Attendance at board and committee meetings
                                      Board          Audit and     People and       Clinical        Development and      Governance,
                                                     Financial       Safety       Governance          Construction     Remuneration and
                                                       Risk                                                              Nomination
Number of meetings held                 11               4               5                7                7                   6
Dr David Kerr                      11/11 (chair)        4/4            5/5               7/7                                 6/6
Jo Appleyard                           11/11                           4/5               6/7              6/7
Warren Bell                            11/11            4/4                                               7/7
Claire Higgins                         11/11        4/4 (chair)     5/5 (4 as                             7/7
                                                                     chair)1
George Savvides                        11/11            4/4                           7/7 (chair)                            6/6
Geoff Cumming                          11/11            4/4              1/1                                              6/6 (chair)
Anthony Leighs                        10/11                                                            7/7 (chair)
Paula Jeffs                            11/11                        3/3 (1 as                                                6/6
                                                                     chair)1
Greg Campbell                          1/12

The Independent Directors’ Committee did not meet during the year.
1 	Paula Jeffs replaced Claire Higgins as the chair of the People and Safety Committee (previously Health, Safety and Wellbeing
    Committee).
2 Greg Campbell joined the board in March 2021.


Summary of committee memberships

Committee                                      Members at 31 March 2021                        Members at 31 March 2020
Audit and Financial Risk                       Claire Higgins (chair), Warren Bell
                                               (deputy chair), Dr David Kerr,                  Claire Higgins (chair), Warren Bell
                                               George Savvides, Geoff Cumming,                 (deputy chair), Dr David Kerr,
                                               Greg Campbell                                   George Savvides, Geoff Cumming
People and Safety (previously Health,          Paula Jeffs (chair), Claire Higgins,
Safety and Wellbeing)                          Dr David Kerr, Jo Appleyard,
                                               Geoff Cumming, Greg Campbell,                   Claire Higgins (chair), Dr David Kerr,
                                               Gordon MacLeod (Group Chief                     Jo Appleyard, Gordon MacLeod (Group
                                               Executive), David Bennett (Chief                Chief Executive), David Bennett (Chief
                                               Financial Officer)                              Financial Officer)
Clinical Governance                            George Savvides (chair), Dr David Kerr,         George Savvides (chair), Dr David Kerr,
                                               Jo Appleyard                                    Jo Appleyard
Development and Construction                   Anthony Leighs (chair), Jo Appleyard,
                                               Warren Bell, Claire Higgins,                    Anthony Leighs (chair), Jo Appleyard,
                                               Greg Campbell                                   Warren Bell, Claire Higgins
Governance, Remuneration and                   Geoff Cumming (chair), Dr David Kerr,           Geoff Cumming (chair), Dr David Kerr,
Nomination                                     George Savvides, Paula Jeffs                    George Savvides




                                                                   146
                                              A NNUAL REP ORT 20 2 1




Statement of corporate governance (continued)


PRINCIPLE 4 – REPORTING AND                                      remuneration matters in keeping with the committee’s
DISCLOSURE                                                       terms of reference. The committee does not have the
                                                                 authority to make decisions on behalf of the board.
“The board should demand integrity in financial
and non-financial reporting, and in the timeliness               The committee is also responsible for making
and balance of corporate disclosures.”                           recommendations to the board on the remuneration
                                                                 of the group chief executive.
Reporting and disclosure                                         The total director remuneration pool is approved by
                                                                 shareholders at the annual general meeting (AGM)
The board focuses on providing accurate, adequate,
                                                                 as required under the Listing Rules.
and timely information both to existing shareholders
and to the market generally. This enables all investors          The board is responsible for the setting of individual
to make informed decisions about the company.                    directors’ fees in line with the approved pool and the
                                                                 Listing Rules.
Ryman, as a company listed on the NZX Main Board,
has an obligation to comply with the disclosure                  Details of the directors’ remuneration for the year are
requirements under the NZX Main Board Listing Rules.             in the Directors’ disclosures section of this report.
Ryman recognises that these requirements aim to
                                                                 Ryman has in place a remuneration policy that
provide equal access for all investors or potential
                                                                 outlines the key principles that influence Ryman’s
investors to material price-sensitive information
                                                                 remuneration practices.
concerning issuers or their financial products. This in
turn promotes confidence in the market.                          The remuneration of the group chief executive and
                                                                 the senior executive team is determined by the
Ryman’s market disclosure policy outlines the
                                                                 significance of their role and the industry. The total
obligations of Ryman and relevant Ryman personnel
                                                                 remuneration is made up of fixed remuneration and
in satisfying the disclosure requirements. It also
                                                                 short and medium-term cash-based incentives. The
covers other related matters including external
                                                                 group chief executive and senior executive team are
communications by Ryman.
                                                                 also members of the senior leadership share scheme
This annual report is produced using the principles              (see note 26 of the financial statements).
of Integrated Reporting <IR>. An integrated report
                                                                 The short and medium-term incentives are at-risk
provides more information on the company’s business
                                                                 payments that reward performance. They are
model and how we create value over time. As a result,
                                                                 designed to motivate and incentivise senior staff in the
an annual report produced under the <IR> framework
                                                                 delivery of performance over a 1 and 3-year operating
will have a broader narrative than an annual report that
                                                                 cycle. The amount payable is set over the performance
does not use the framework.
                                                                 period. The payment of the short and medium-term
Ryman publishes its key governance and other                     incentive depends on achieving certain results and
relevant documents in the investor centre of the                 outcomes. Performance over the 1 and 3-year periods
company’s website at www.rymanhealthcare.co.nz/                  is measured against ‘stretch’ performance targets. The
about-us/investors/governance.                                   performance metrics differ with each role.
All significant announcements made to the NZX and                Every year, the committee reviews the levels and
reports issued are also posted on the company’s website.         appropriateness of these incentives and weighting.
                                                                 There are no long-term incentives for the senior
PRINCIPLE 5 – REMUNERATION
                                                                 executive team that are subject to performance risk.
“The remuneration of directors and executives
                                                                 The senior leadership share scheme provides
should be transparent, fair and reasonable.”
                                                                 certain employees with limited recourse loans on
                                                                 an interest-free basis to support the employees’
The Governance, Remuneration and Nomination                      participation in the scheme.
Committee makes recommendations to the board on

                                                           147
                                             RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Statement of corporate governance (continued)


For accounting purposes, these shares are treated as               Group chief executive remuneration
treasury stock when purchased on market, due to the
                                                                   Gordon MacLeod’s remuneration for the year is as follows.
features of the scheme.
                                                                                                               2021          2020
Shares subject to this scheme have a restricted
                                                                                                                  $              $
period of 3 years from the date of purchase, to
                                                                   Salary                                 1,080,284       1,097,127
appropriately incentivise participants over a longer
period. The loan is repayable if the employee is no                KiwiSaver                                32,408          39,514
longer employed by Ryman.                                          Subtotal                                1,112,692      1,136,641
                                                                   Short-term incentive                            -     220,000
Employees’ remuneration                                            Medium-term incentive                           -              -
The table below details the number of Ryman group                  Total remuneration     1
                                                                                                          1,112,692     1,356,641
employees who have earned over $100,000 during                     Loan provided under the
                                                                   leadership share scheme               1,200,000      1,200,000
the year ended 31 March 2021. The remuneration
includes salary, short-term incentives, and employer’s
                                                                   1 	There were no other benefits (including long-term incentives)
contribution to KiwiSaver and Superannuation.
                                                                       received in this financial year.
Remuneration $                      Number of employees
                                                                   The at-risk short-term and medium-term incentives
1,110,000–1,120,000                                      1
                                                                   are payable on the achievement of certain key
560,000–570,000                                          1
                                                                   performance indicators (KPIs). These KPIs are focused
540,000–550,000                                          1
                                                                   on the financial performance of Ryman, specific
470,000–480,000                                          1
                                                                   operational targets, and people-related expectations.
460,000–470,000                                          1
410,000–420,000                                          1         At 31 March 2021, the total number of shares owned
370,000–380,000                                          2         by and/or held for the benefit of the group chief
340,000–350,000                                          1         executive totalled 672,309 (2020: 660,963). For these
330,000–340,000                                          1         shares, loans totalling $3,346,298 (2020: $3,136,317)
320,000–330,000                                          1         are outstanding.
310,000–320,000                                          1
300,000–310,000                                          1         PRINCIPLE 6 – RISK MANAGEMENT
290,000–300,000                                          3
                                                                   “Directors should have a sound understanding of
280,000–290,000                                          2
270,000–280,000                                          4
                                                                   the material risks faced by the issuer and how to
250,000–260,000                                          2         manage them. The board should regularly verify
240,000–250,000                                          4         that the issuer has appropriate processes that
230,000–240,000                                          6         identify and manage potential and material risks.”
220,000–230,000                                          7
210,000–220,000                                          6         The board is responsible for overseeing the company’s
200,000–210,000                                          7         system of internal controls to manage key risks and
190,000–200,000                                          8         have overall responsibility for managing risk.
180,000–190,000                                          4
170,000–180,000                                         16
                                                                   The company maintains a group risk register to
160,000–170,000                                         13         identify and manage risk. Specific people and safety,
150,000–160,000                                        20          and clinical risk registers are separately maintained
140,000–150,000                                        36          given the significance of these areas to the business.
130,000–140,000                                        52          The senior executive team is responsible for
120,000–130,000                                        68          maintaining the risk registers.
110,000–120,000                                        72          Ryman operates an extensive internal accreditation
100,000–110,000                                        83          programme that addresses issues such as


                                                             148
                                               A NNUAL REP ORT 20 2 1




Statement of corporate governance (continued)


service delivery, health, safety and wellbeing, and               The assessment uses an external auditors’
administration. Internal audits are undertaken                    assessment tool, which is internationally recognised
regularly. The results of these audits and critical               and endorsed by the Independent Directors Council.
indicators are regularly reported to the board.                   The AFRC routinely has time with Ryman’s external
                                                                  auditor, Deloitte, without management present.
Through the AFRC, the board considers the
recommendations and advice of external auditors,                  Deloitte attends the company’s AGM.
and ensures that those recommendations are
                                                                  The company continually monitors its internal control
investigated and, where considered necessary,
                                                                  environment. Clinical auditors and health, safety and
appropriate action is taken.
                                                                  wellbeing officers regularly test and assess controls
Through the board committees, health, safety and                  and report their findings to the Clinical Governance
wellbeing is discussed regularly at board, senior                 Committee and the People and Safety Committee.
executive team, construction team, and operational
team meetings. Regular reporting of key metrics is                PRINCIPLE 8 – SHAREHOLDER RIGHTS
prepared to assist these teams in managing health,                AND RELATIONS
safety and wellbeing risks. Further information is in the         “The board should respect the rights of
Caring for our people section of this report.
                                                                  shareholders and foster constructive
Ryman has a Group Tax Charter that sets out the                   relationships with shareholders that
Group Tax Strategy of Ryman and its subsidiaries.                 encourage them to engage with the issuer.”
The Tax Charter along with the Tax Risk Management
Policy and other operational tax policies forms part of           Information for shareholders
the Group Tax Governance Framework.
                                                                  The company seeks to ensure that investors understand
Ryman has identified, through consultation with                   its activities by communicating effectively with them and
external and internal stakeholders, key risks and                 providing access to clear and balanced information.
the impact of these risks. These risks, and Ryman’s
response, are detailed in the materiality matrix                  The company website rymanhealthcare.co.nz provides
contained in this annual report.                                  an overview of the business and information about
                                                                  Ryman. This information includes details of operational
PRINCIPLE 7 – AUDITORS                                            sites, latest news, investor information, key corporate
                                                                  governance information, and copies of significant NZX
“The board should ensure the quality and
                                                                  announcements. The website also provides profiles of
independence of the external audit process.”
                                                                  the directors and the senior executive team.
                                                                  Previous annual reports, financial statements, and
The Audit and Financial Risk Committee makes
                                                                  results presentations are available on the website.
recommendations to the board on the appointment
of the external auditor as set out in the terms                   Shareholders have the right to vote on major decisions
of reference. The committee also monitors the                     of the company in line with the requirements set out in
independence and effectiveness of the external                    the Companies Act 1993 and the Listing Rules.
auditor and reviews and approves any non-audit
services performed by the external auditor.
The committee regularly meets with the external
auditor to approve the terms of engagement, audit
partner rotation (at least every 5 years) and audit fee,
and to review and provide feedback on the annual
audit plan. Every year, a comprehensive review
and formal assessment of the independence and
effectiveness of the external auditor is undertaken.


                                                            149
                                               RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Statement of corporate governance (continued)



Communicating with shareholders                                   We send the notice of the AGM to shareholders and
                                                                  publish it on the company website at least 20 working
Ryman has a dedicated investor relations manager
                                                                  days before the meeting each year.
and corporate affairs manager. These two roles allow
us to develop strong relationships and ensure our
                                                                  Voting by shareholders
shareholders and bondholders are kept informed.
                                                                  Voting on all resolutions at Ryman’s shareholder
Ryman’s investor centre sets out the investor relations
                                                                  meetings is conducted by poll. This means that Ryman
manager’s and corporate affairs manager’s contact
                                                                  shareholders enjoy one share, one vote (subject to any
details for communications from shareholders.
                                                                  voting restrictions applying under the Listing Rules).


General disclosures of interest
FO R THE YE AR END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 1



JO APPLEYARD
Partner                       Chapman Tripp1
Member                        University of Canterbury Vice-Chancellor Employment Committee
Member                        NZ Markets Disciplinary Tribunal2

WARREN BELL
Chair                         Hallenstein Glasson Holdings Ltd Group
Chair                         St George’s Hospital Inc
Director                      Meadow Mushrooms Group of Companies
Director                      Cyprus Enterprises Limited
Director                      Sabina Limited
Director                      Warren Bell Limited
Director                      CHC Properties Limited
Director                      Glasson Trustee Limited
Director                      152 Hereford Limited
Director                      Hickman Family Trustees Limited (part shareholder of Airport Business
                              Park Christchurch Limited)
Trustee                       Emerald Trust (part shareholder of Airport Business Park Christchurch Limited)
Trustee                       Waiwetu Trust (part shareholder of Airport Business Park Christchurch Limited)
Bare trustee                  Ryman Healthcare Share Scheme (jointly with Dr David Kerr)
Director/Shareholder          Poraka Limited
Director                      Bildeford Holdings Limited2

GREG CAMPBELL
Director                      Ravensdown Limited Group of Companies (until 31 May 2021)
Director                      Christchurch City Holdings Limited
Director                      Development Christchurch Limited
Director                      Terrequipe Limited
Director                      Transdiesel Limited
Director/Shareholder          Greg Campbell Limited
Trustee                       GS & NA Campbell Family Trust


                                                            150
                                                   A NNUAL REP ORT 20 2 1




General disclosures of interest (continued)
FO R THE YE A R END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 1



GEOFFREY CUMMING
Chair, CEO and sole                Karori Capital Limited
shareholder
Shareholder, lender                Various commercial property investment companies in the Caniwi Capital Partners
and joint manager                  Limited group of entities
Advisory board member              Viewpoint Global Fund Trust
and unit holder
Advisory board member              Cumming Medical Research Fund, University of Calgary
and sponsor
Director/Shareholder               Amira Medical Technologies Inc

CLAIRE HIGGINS
Chair                              REI Superannuation Fund Pty Ltd
Chair                              GMHBA Limited and subsidiaries
Director                           Margin Clear Pty Ltd
Director                           QE042 Pty Ltd
Trustee                            Helen Macpherson Smith Trust

PAULA JEFFS
(None)

DR DAVID KERR
Chair                              Centercare Limited
Bare trustee                       Ryman Healthcare Share Scheme (jointly with Warren Bell)
Director                           Forté Health Limited
Chair                              EcoCentral Limited2
Director                           Ngāi Tahu Property2
Director                           Third Age Health Services Limited2

ANTHONY LEIGHS
Managing Director                  Leighs Construction Holdings Limited and associated entities
Director/Shareholder               Alisanca Holdings and associated entities
Director                           Portus Property Limited and associated entities
Director                           Star Scaffolding Limited
Director                           Christ Church Cathedral Reinstatement Limited
Director                           Labour Logistics Auckland Limited

GEORGE SAVVIDES
Chair                              Special Broadcasting Service (SBS) Australia
Director                           IAG Insurance Australia Group
Director/Shareholder               Teamflow Asset Management Pty Ltd
Chair                              Next Science Limited3
1 	Jo has been a director since 2009 and since that time has performed no professional services for the company in her capacity as
    a partner at Chapman Tripp.
2 Resigned during the year.
3 Resigned 5 May 2021.



                                                                151
                                                 RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Directors’ disclosures
FO R THE YE AR END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 1



DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION FOR THE YEAR ($)

                                                                              Governance,
                                  Audit and                  Development     Remuneration   People
                         Board    Financial       Clinical            and            and      and                    Total
               Board    deputy         Risk   Governance      Constructon      Nomination   Safety     Foreign   directors’
Director        fees      chair       chair         chair           chair           chair    chair   exchange         fees
Jo
Appleyard     110,500         -           -              -               -              -        -           -     110,500
Warren
Bell          110,500   18,000            -              -               -              -        -           -    128,500
Geoffrey
Cumming       110,500         -           -              -               -              -        -        537       111,037
Claire
Higgins       110,500         -     18,000               -               -              -        -      7,064      135,564
Paula
Jeffs         110,500         -           -              -               -              -   6,000       6,076      122,576
Dr David
Kerr         222,000          -           -              -               -              -        -           -    222,000
Anthony
Leighs        110,500         -           -              -          18,000              -        -           -    128,500
George
Savvides      110,500         -           -        18,000                -              -        -      7,060      135,560
             995,500    18,000      18,000        18,000            18,000              -   6,000      20,737    1,094,237


DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION P O OL
Directors’ fees are reviewed every 2 years. Fees currently paid to Ryman directors for their board and board
committee responsibilities are paid out of a pool. The pool was set at the amount approved by shareholders
in 2018 ($985,000 based on a board of seven directors). As permitted by Listing Rule 2.11.3 the pool can be
increased by the board to enable any additional non-executive director to be paid the average amount being paid
to the other non-executive directors (excluding the chair). Greg Campbell became the ninth Ryman director with
effect from 19 March 2021, and the board has utilised Listing Rule 2.11.3 to enable Greg to be paid directors’ fees
since that time. Australia-based directors’ fees are paid in Australian dollars (AUD).

MEMBERSHIP OF COMMIT TEES
Directors do not receive additional fees for membership of committees. Additional fees are paid to directors
who act as the chair or deputy chair of a committee. During the year George Savvides, Claire Higgins, Anthony
Leighs, Geoff Cumming, Paula Jeffs and Warren Bell held committee chair/deputy chair positions. The chair of the
Governance, Remuneration and Nomination Committee does not receive any additional fees.

DIRECTORS OF SUB SIDIARY COMPANIES
Dr David Kerr, Warren Bell, Gordon MacLeod and David Bennett are directors of all the company’s New Zealand
subsidiaries. Claire Higgins, George Savvides, Gordon MacLeod and David Bennett are directors of Ryman
Healthcare (Australia) Pty Ltd and its subsidiaries. No fees are paid to individuals in their capacity as directors of
the subsidiaries.

SPECIFIC DISCLOSURES
In line with the company’s constitution and the Companies Act 1993, the company has provided insurance for, and
indemnities to, directors of the company and its subsidiaries.

                                                              152
                                                         A NNUAL REP ORT 20 2 1




Directors’ disclosures (continued)
FO R THE YE A R END ED 31 M A RC H 2 02 1



SECURITY HOLDINGS AT 31 MARCH 202 1

                                     Ordinary           RYM010             1 Held as trustees of The Appleyard and Larkin Family Trust.
Director                               shares        retail bonds
                                                                           2 	Shares held by Gregory Shane Campbell and
Jo Appleyard1                          78,700                    -             Nicole Anne Campbell.
Warren Bell                              1,500                   -         3 	A substantial product holder (SPH) notice was lodged on
Greg Campbell2                        48,000                     -             11 December 2020 showing the transfer of legal holding of
                                                                               48,680,000 shares from Geoffrey A Cumming to Karori
Geoffrey Cumming3                48,680,000                      -
                                                                               Capital Limited.
Claire Higgins4                         15,425                   -         4	Held as trustees of Adam Higgins Superannuation Fund Pty Ltd.
Paula Jeffs                                   -                  -         5	Shares held by DW & DJ Kerr and The DW Kerr Family
Dr David Kerr5                       358,000                     -            Trust No. 2.
Anthony Leighs6                        10,000                    -         6 Shares held by Alisanca Holdings Limited.
George Savvides   7
                                       54,030                    -         7 Shares held by Teamflow Asset Management Pty Ltd.



SECURITY TRANSACTIONS DURING THE YEAR

                                                               Number of securities
Director                            Nature of interest       acquired/(disposed of)           Consideration ($)      Date
Geoffrey Cumming      1
                                    Beneficial                              1,038,323                13,861,612      5 June 2020
Geoffrey Cumming1                   Beneficial                             (1,038,323)              (13,861,612)     5 June 2020
Dr David Kerr                       Beneficial                                 10,000                  130,057       18 June 2020
Warren Bell   2
                                    Not beneficial                     (2,000,000)                 26,048,270        2 July 2020
Geoffrey Cumming3                   Beneficial                             (300,000)               (4,092,000)       24 July 2020
Claire Higgins                      Beneficial                                   2,775                   37,315      27 August 2020
Geoffrey Cumming3                   Beneficial                              (930,100)              (14,425,851)      23 November 2020
Geoffrey Cumming      4
                                    Beneficial                               (215,300)             (3,339,303)       23 November 2020
Geoffrey Cumming      5
                                    Beneficial                              (672,500)             (10,430,475)       23 November 2020
Geoffrey Cumming6                   Beneficial                               (32,000)                (496,320)       23 November 2020
Geoffrey Cumming      7
                                    Beneficial                              (120,000)               (1,762,800)      25 November 2020

1	Geoffrey Cumming made an off-market charitable donation of shares to Horizon Housing Society. He then made an off-market
   purchase of shares for the same value.
2	Warren Bell is a director of Hickman Family Trustees Limited, which is the registered holder of the shares as trustee of
   The Hickman Family Trust.
3 Geoffrey Cumming made an off-market charitable donation of shares to the University of Calgary.
4	Geoffrey Cumming made an off-market charitable donation of shares to the Centre for Affordable Water and
   Sanitation Technology.
5 Geoffrey Cumming made an off-market charitable donation of shares to Silvera for Seniors.
6 Geoffrey Cumming made an off-market charitable donation of shares to The Calgary Foundation.
7 Geoffrey Cumming made an off-market charitable donation of shares to the University of Calgary School of Medicine.

Dr David Kerr and Warren Bell, as joint custodians of the Ryman Healthcare Leadership Share Purchase Scheme,
acquired 994,860 shares during the year, disposed of 1,051,087 shares during the year, and held 2,655,017 shares
in total at 31 March 2021 (see note 26 of the financial statements).




                                                                     153
                                                     RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Shareholder information


TOP 20 SHAREHOLDERS AT 13 MAY 202 1

Rank      Investor name                                                             No. of shares                   % Issued capital
1         JPMorgan Chase Bank      1
                                                                                     69,957,869                                 13.99
2         HSBC Nominees (New Zealand) Limited1                                      66,042,900                                   13.21
3         Karori Capital Limited                                                    48,680,000                                   9.74
4         HSBC Nominees (New Zealand) Limited        1
                                                                                      33,115,670                                 6.62
5         Hickman Family Trustees Limited2                                          33,000,000                                   6.60
6         Citibank Nominees (NZ) Ltd1                                                31,753,549                                  6.35
7         BNP Paribas Nominees NZ Limited1                                           11,943,060                                  2.39
8         Forsyth Barr Custodians Limited                                             10,601,051                                 2.12
9         Accident Compensation Corporation      1
                                                                                      10,413,773                                 2.08
10        Tea Custodians Limited1                                                     9,906,959                                  1.98
11        Custodial Services Limited                                                    7,651,991                                1.53
12        Custodial Services Limited                                                   7,285,472                                 1.46
13        New Zealand Superannuation Fund Nominees Limited1                            7,034,169                                  1.41
14        New Zealand Depository Nominee                                              5,860,573                                   1.17
15        National Nominees New Zealand Limited1                                       5,414,740                                 1.08
16        BNP Paribas Nominees NZ Limited1                                            5,144,094                                  1.03
17        FNZ Custodians Limited                                                      4,742,856                                  0.95
18        Cogent Nominees Limited1                                                     4,727,927                                 0.95
19        Premier Nominees Limited1                                                   4,609,220                                  0.92
20        Custodial Services Limited                                                  3,845,407                                  0.77

1 Held by New Zealand Central Securities Depository Ltd as custodian.
2 Held as trustee of The Hickman Family Trust.

DISTRIBUTION OF SHAREHOLDERS AT 13 MAY 202 1

Size of shareholding                                      Number of shareholders                                 Shares held
1–1,000                                              6,505                42.03%                    3,246,392                  0.65%
1,001–5,000                                              6,015            38.86%                    15,524,213                  3.10%
5,001–10,000                                             1,564             10.11%                   11,758,609                 2.36%
10,001–50,000                                            1,167             7.54%                24,272,046                     4.85%
50,001–100,000                                             118             0.76%                    8,237,445                   1.65%
Greater than 100,000                                      109              0.70%               436,961,295                     87.39%
Total                                                15,478              100.00%             500,000,000                  100.00%




                                                                   154
                                                     A NNUAL REP ORT 20 2 1




Shareholder information (continued)


DISTRIBUTION OF BONDHOLDERS AT 13 MAY 202 1

RYM010
Size of shareholding                                     Number of bondholders                                       Bonds held
1–1,000                                                     -             0.00%                                  -                 0.00%
1,001–5,000                                               34              6.26%                           170,000                    0.11%
5,001–10,000                                              112            20.63%                          1,076,000                 0.72%
10,001–50,000                                            319             58.75%                      8,644,000                      5.76%
50,001–100,000                                            35              6.44%                          2,841,000                  1.90%
Greater than 100,000                                      43              7.92%                     137,269,000                    91.51%
Total                                                   543             100.00%                   150,000,000                   100.00%


SUB STANTIAL PRODUCT HOLDERS AT 31 MARCH 202 1

Shareholder                                                                                                          Relevant interest
Karori Capital Limited1                                                                                         48,680,000          9.74%
Hickman Family Trustees Limited , Kevin James Hickman and Joanna Hickman , Warren Bell , John
                                    2                                                 3              4

Lindsay Holland4                                                                                                33,000,000         6.60%


A total of 500,000,000 ordinary Ryman shares were on issue as at 31 March 2021 (the only voting products on issue).
1 	A substantial product holder notice was lodged on 11 December 2020 showing the transfer of legal holding of 48,680,000
    shares from Geoffrey A Cumming to Karori Capital Limited.
2 Held as trustee of The Hickman Family Trust.
3 	Joint holders of 100 percent of the shares in, and directors of, Hickman Family Trustees Limited, and beneficiaries of
    The Hickman Family Trust.
4 	As independent directors of Hickman Family Trustees Limited and associated voting provisions attached to the shares (alongside
    the other directors of Hickman Family Trustees Limited).




                                                                  155
                                                                                     RY MAN HEALT HCARE




We would like to thank all
Rymanians who contribute
so much every day
Aachal Gautam · Aakanksha Abrol · Aakriti Aakriti · Aaron Brown · Aaron Edwards · Aaron Enriquez                   Sebastian · Anu Xavier · Anuja Kunwar · Anuja Shrestha · Anuradha Shrestha · Anusha Peddina ·
· Aaron Essenberg · Aaron Eyles · Aarti Rawat · Abbe King · Abbey Bray · Abbey Mason · Abbey                       Anusha Vikram · Ao Fuifui · Aom Mahem · Api Arpanpreet · Api Lacanivalu · Apple Uy · April
Santos · Abbie Windsor · Abby Fernandez · Abby Power · Abhijot Kaur · Abhishek Vashisht · Abigael                  Agpalasin · April Deraja · April Lacson · April Ladia · April Mahuika · April Morillo · April Nino · Arahia
Bagaygay · Abigail Gacutan · Abigail Gumban · Abigail Ibanez · Abigail Passmore · Abigail Webb ·                   Wilson · Archa Rajan · Archanau Devi · Arge Colado · Argie Forteza · Argielyn Sanchez · Ariana
Able Mathew · Ace Somosot · Achaal Prakash · Adalia Campbell · Adam Allan · Adam Joyce ·                           Guerin · Ariana Thompson · Ariane De La Pena · Arianne Alzaga · Aribo Timaai · Arieta Bebenisala
Adam Young · Adele Jacobs · Adele Lings · Adele Wood · Adeline Plamenco · Adheesha Perera ·                        · Arieta Faalau · Arishma Arti · Arjun George · Arleen Kaur · Arlen Evangelista · Arlene Simadari ·
Adi Sakiti · Adnan Mahamud · Adriana Draganidis · Adrianna Pavlekovic · Adrianne Tate · Adrienne                   Arlene Smart · Arlet Anastasia · Arma Dacyon · Armie Estevez · Armie Magcale · Aroha Marumaru
Marsh · Adrienne Sincock · Adrienne Todd · Adrienne Wadham · Aela Manabat · Aez Pega · Afroz                       · Aroha Ngatuere · Arpana Khadka · Arraminda Ariate · Arthur Keane · Arti Bhan · Arti Devi · Arti
Sreekandh · Aga Gonzales · Agata Zieba · Aggie Butler · Agitha Joseph · Agnes Cuanan · Agnes                       Karan · Arti Kumar · Arti Patel · Arti Prakash · Artika Lata · Artika Naidu · Arun James · Aruna
Lakner · Agnes Wallace · Agustine Affandi · Ahmed Naji · Ai Kikuchi · Aida Cachuela · Aidan Mills ·                Prakash · Aruna Reddy · Arvin Singh · Arvin Treebhowan · Arzoo Utreja · Asa Porter · Asfeen Khan
Aik Eng · Aila Tan · Ailen Gaw · Ailen Luste · Ailyn Estopace · Ailyn Muyano · Aimee Bell · Aimee                  · Ash Devi · Ash Hape-Tonihi · Ash Kant · Ash Prasad · Asha Babu · Asha John · Asha Kiran · Asha
Court · Aimee Horsefield · Aimee McKendry · Aimee Verran · Aimee Wright · Aimi Tsunekawa ·                         Mariyarasa · Asharif Rahman · Ashika Chand · Ashika Mandri · Ashika Singh · Ashim Singh ·
Ainslee Buchanan · Aira Quijano · Aiza Amongo · AJ Lasaca · Ajay Gautam · Ajay Philip · Ajay Singh                 Ashishni Goundar · Ashka Patel · Ashleigh Griffiths · Ashleigh Kavanagh · Ashleigh Scown · Ashley
· Ajesh Mankayill Avarachan · Ajo Jose · Akhil Viswambharan · Akhila Antony · Akku Thomas ·                        Campbell · Ashley Dacyon · Ashley Gray · Ashley Kearney · Ashley Son · Ashley Willis · Ashmita
Aklima Akter · Aku Acharya · Al Lim · Aladina Durian · Alan Wood · Alana Ferguson · Alana                          Lata · Ashnee Prakash · Ashupreet Kaur · Ashvin Mendonca · Ashween Singh · Ashwina Ashwina ·
Sanderson · Alana Wallace · Alana Watson · Alanah French · Alannah Smith · Alastair Joyce ·                        Ashwindar Kaur · Ashwini Naicker · Asma Akram · Asmita Bhandari · Asmita Hirachan · Asmita
Alastair Ryall · Albie Calope · Aldrin George · Alefina Baleisuva · Aleisha McDonald · Alena                       Nepali · Asmita Rai · Asset Galeno · Asti Suliastari · Aswathy Padmanabhan · Aswathy Sreedas ·
McCulloch · Alena McKenzie · Aletta Beneke · Alex Brasic · Alex Cagalitan · Alex Carter · Alex                     Aswathy Thulaseedharansheela · Atani Chwa · Atawhai Reweti · Ateliana Ah Kuoi · Athena
Fausett · Alex Lopez · Alex Mallon · Alex Mathew · Alex McNeillie · Alex Pope · Alex Purcell · Alexa               Tangonan · Athulya Jestin · Athulya Rakesh · Athulya Thankappan · Atiesha Harris · Atin Suprihatin
Alcantara Claudio · Alexis Popovic · Algine Ingking · Ali Amin · Alias Kurian · Alice Jones · Alice                · Atish Suresh · Aubrey Uri · Audrey Filgate-Davis · Aurora Catu · Aurora Orogo · Ava McFadgen ·
McDuff · Alice Peram · Alice Stevens · Alice Tao · Alice Vargas · Alicia Prima · Alina George · Alina              Avrill Burchell · Avrisha Singh · Awanui Tangiia · Awhina White · Axis Donato · Axl Funtila · Ayako
Jose · Alisha Alex · Alisha Aliperio · Alisha Poudel · Alisha Ward · Alison Kelly · Alison Naylor · Alison         Oyama · Ayesha Bashir · Ayomee Wanninayaka · Aysha Ideris · Ayteya Lopez · Ayu Hardy · Ayumi
Westoby · Alison Winstanley · Alister Safaei · Alix Fabi · Aljie Famulagan · Alka Thakur · Allan Brown             Maruyama · Ayumi Sato · Azel Ramos · Azumi Kemmotsu-Watt · Ba Sigola · Babita Baluri · Bailey
· Allan Dempsey · Allan Macala · Allan Murillo · Alleah Munoz · Allen Lee · Allison Doak · Allison                 Coombs · Bailey Trotter · Balbir Ghuman · Baljeet Kaur · Baljinder Kaur · Baljit Kaur · Balpreet Kaur
Murphy · Alma Azarcon · Alma Cagalitan · Alma Eparaima · Alma Ramirez · Alma Sicat · Almira                        · Bano Tasheem · Barbara Barker · Barbara Federico · Barbara Large · Barbara Turnbull · Barbie
Beniasan · Alona Wandas · Alpho George · Alphonsa George · Alphy Thankachan · Alphy Thomas ·                       Bickerton · Barry Ria · Barsha Timalsina · Bawi Siar Ling · Bayley LuuTomes · Beata Buchajczyk ·
Althea Santos · Alvin Campbell · Alwin Jose · Aly Procter · Alyse Hill · Alyse Hurley · Alysha Russell             Beauty Chua · Bebien Montecillo · Becca Fafeita · Becca Thomas · Beck Little · Beck Wilkins ·
· Alyshia Kemper · Alyssa Apacible · Alyssa Jerusalem · Alyssa Saljay · Amal Sunil · Aman Balassi ·                Becks Dell · Becky Gillanders · Becky Moore · Becky Payne · Becs Thompson · Bedi Thapa · Bee
Aman Kaur · Aman Kaur · Aman Kaur · Aman Kaur · Aman Kaur · Aman Kaur · Aman Kaur · Amanda                         Weiss · Belinda Bargh · Belinda Gonzales · Belinda Greenwood · Belinda Madriaga · Belinda Petitto
Beauchamp · Amanda Bell · Amanda Brocklebank · Amanda Gilbert · Amanda Goudie · Amanda                             · Beloved Vai · Ben Bowles · Ben Campbell · Ben Chesler · Ben Dass Shrestha · Ben Garner · Ben
He · Amandeep Dhillon · Amandeep Kaur · Amandeep Sidhu · Amanpreet Kaur · Amanpreet Kaur ·                         Hungerford-Morgan · Ben Jordan · Ben Miller · Ben Munro · Ben Walshe · Benita Edwards · Benita
Amar Kaur · Amber Aguilar · Amber Bottomley · Amber Howard · Amber McKenzie-Takau · Amber                          Jessop · Benita Jonathan · Benita Kirkovits · Benita Prasad · Benjamin Cavanagh · Benjilen Pablo ·
Parkinson · Amber-Lee Kelliher · Ambika Kolanji · Ambily Abraham · Amelia Ong · Amendra                            Benjula Timsina · Benni Hulme · Benoit Calpe · Benson Mejorada · Benzon De Castro · Bernadette
Samantilake · Ami Reid · Amiel Ubarra · Amit Khanchi · Amit Patel · Amita Prasad · Amita Vyas ·                    Bancroft · Bernadette Forsdyke · Bernadette Lerios · Bernard Cagalawan · Bernard Nanai · Bernard
Amith Sabu · Amol Adhokar · Amrit Kaur · Amrit Kaur · Amrit Kaur · Amrita Raj · Amy Amtman · Amy                   Philpott · Bernie Pask · Bert Barola · Beryl Ryan · Beth Aseniero · Beth Capistrano · Beth Gerbes ·
Bishara · Amy Blandford · Amy Buck · Amy Carpenter · Amy Duncan · Amy Flood · Amy Gagasa ·                         Beth Haryett · Beth Kampen · Beth Po · Beth Reaney · Beth Smillie · Bethany Douglas · Bethany Edie
Amy Hii · Amy Irwin · Amy Mian · Amy Morris · Amy Morrison · Amy Power · Amy Reive · Amy                           · Bethany Read · Bette Baldwin · Betty Groves · Betty Lamb · Beulah Rajesh · Bev Dela Cruz · Bev
Richardson · Amy Shen · Amy Thornton · Amy Yin · Ana Fangupo · Ana Hintay · Ana Illaventhan ·                      Fockenga · Bev Tembo · Bev Todd · Bev Toms · Bev Walker · Bevan Harris · Beverley Henley · Bex
Ana Leite · Ana Moala · Ana Savou · Ana Marie Salibay · Anabel Konigstorfer · Analyn Irorita · Anan                Coster · Beza Esclamado · Bharat Singla · Bharti Bedi · Bhavneet Kaur · Bheng Escano · Bhumi Jain
Du · Anande Botha · Anastazya Forde · Anchal Sharma · Anchitha George · Andre Battrick · Andre                     · Bianca de Agrella · Bianca Knowles · Bianca Solis · Bianca Van Doren · Bibin Christopher · Bibin
Kassal · Andrea Adams · Andrea Ansell · Andrea Burgos · Andrea Butler · Andrea Gaskell · Andrea                    Philip · Bibin Vijayan · Biddhya Gurung · Bien Padilla · Bijo Mathew · Bill Jin · Bimala Galaju · Bimala
Hills · Andrea Latoa · Andrea Manuel · Andrea Marr · Andrea Pangan · Andrea Smith · Andrea Stout                   Galaju · Bimbika Sirimane · Bina Limbu · Bina Patel · Bina Pun · Bini Eldhose · Bini Gurung · Binky
· Andrei Pirlea · Andres Reble · Andresa Mendes Teles · Andrew Crerar · Andrew Cullen · Andrew                     Marsh · Binu Tiwari · Blair Cullen · Blake Jackson · Blanche Laroga · Blessie Lintag · Blythe Ward ·
Gibson · Andrew Goldfinch · Andrew Hayward · Andrew Heels · Andrew Hilbert · Andrew Hill ·                         Bobby Abhilash · Bobby Beck · Bobin Pullikkattil Jose · Bokang Ngwerume · Bonnie Butson · Bonnie
Andrew Hughes · Andrew Inch · Andrew Jones · Andrew Knewstubb · Andrew Maglangit · Andrew                          Lee · Brad Thomas · Brandi Ireton · Brando Bartolome · Brandon Paul · Breanna Woolley · Brechell
Moulding · Andrew Otto · Andrew Quezon · Andrew Searancke · Andrija Vuksa · Andy Battersby ·                       Dela Vega · Bree Jones · Bree Rayment · Bren Hurring · Brenda Dudson · Brenda Ferguson · Brenda
Andy Clarke · Andy Heap · Andy Martin · Andy OBrien · Andy Reid · Andy Singh · Ane Pulou · Aneely                  Hobbs · Brenda Schroeder · Brendan Joicey · Brendan Sammut · Brenden Moore · Brent Lee · Brent
Bhatt · Aneesh Kattikatt George · Ange Dickson · Ange Knibb · Angel Augustine · Angel Jose · Angel                 Maru · Brent Morfett · Brent Sweeney · Brett Johnson · Brian Bark · Brian Robinson · Brian Tidey ·
Mendoza · Angel Montanez · Angela Aballog · Angela Barraclough · Angela Ferguson · Angela                          Brian Ward · Bridget Bisset · Bridget Lyons · Bridgette des Landes · Brieanna Hobbs · Briee
Gower · Angela Hayes · Angela Kimber · Angela MacKay · Angela McMeekin · Angela O’Connor ·                         Robinson · Brin Downie · Bristy Jahan · Brittany Cottam · Brittany Francis · Brittany Jeffcott-Moore
Angela Ravlich · Angela Redgewell · Angela Simpson · Angela Stewart · Angeli Suson · Angelica                      · Brittany Kerebs · Brodie Hewitt · Brodie McPhail · Bronnie Carston · Bronwyn Barry · Bronwyn
Araiza · Angelica Moreno Baumann · Angelica Ona · Angelina Adams · Angelina Bostrovas ·                            Thomas · Brook Spedding · Brooke Henderson · Brooke Muirsmeath · Brooke Roberts · Brooke
Angelina Taiaroa · Angelique Roberts · Angelo Trabado · Angie Cope · Angie Sidhu · Ani Tuilau ·                    Tainui · Brooke Tyler · Bruce Andrews · Bruce Court-Patience · Bruce Hodge · Bruce Hudson ·
Anika Snell · Anish Anto · Anisha Chaudhary · Anisha Walker · Anishma Raj · Anit Dominic · Anita                   Bruna Manduci · Bryan Bolong · Bryan Giray · Bryan Manlangit · Bryant Fernandez · Bryce Rae ·
Bhusal Banjade · Anita Chapman · Anita Dayal · Anita Devi · Anita Devi · Anita Farmer · Anita Smith                Brydie Baxter · Bunny Balane · Byron Schreuder · Caelan Hill · Cairo Wilson · Caitlin Bartlem · Caitlin
· Anitha Paul · Anitha Shijan · Anja Thorne · Anjali Manoj · Anjali Mitra · Anjana Lama · Anjana Paul ·            Couling · Caitlin Fleming · Caitlin Foster · Caitlin Thomas · Caitlyn Cole · Caleb Lepper · Callum
Anjani Chaudhary · Anjani Suresh · Anjelyn Pocession · Anjila Shrestha · Anju Keenan · Anju                        MacLean · Callum Morrish · Cam Holland · Cameron Scott · Camila West · Camille Reyes · Camille
Malakunnel Isac · Anju Sajan · Anjumol Saju · Ankita Joshi · Ankitaben Patel · Ann Beom · Ann Brady                Santos · Campbell Elliott · Candice Camingawan · Candy Martin · Cara Floreza · Cardona Castro ·
· Ann Cuaresma · Ann Dombroski-Scheliin · Ann Fernando · Ann Joy · Ann Lee · Ann Martin · Ann                      Carina Toscano · Carl Arnst · Carla Barnard · Carla Dela Cruz · Carla Eser · Carla Jones · Carla
Mongcal · Ann Moorman · Ann Olbinado · Ann O’Neill · Ann Sebastian · Ann Vo · Ann Wongchan ·                       Lofredo · Carla Mantella · Carly Peek · Carmel Marino · Caro Swanston · Carol Bothamley · Carol
Ann-Maree Vincent · Ann-Marie Innes · Anna Benadie · Anna Casaje · Anna Chin Daclan · Anna                         Dadivas · Carol Duke · Carol Kay · Carol Luttrell · Carol Mathias · Carol Restrepo Ledesma · Carol
Claridge · Anna de Jager · Anna Groome · Anna Hill · Anna Johnson · Anna Lai · Anna Maharjan ·                     Toohill · Carola Acevedo · Carole Quickfall · Carolina Russi Serrato · Caroline Hart · Caroline Kean ·
Anna McCorkindale · Anna Ormsby · Anna Ouyang · Anna Pochron · Anna Scott · Anna Smith ·                           Caroline Martin Salas · Caroline Nyo Nyo Aye · Caroline Potgieter · Caroline Reyland · Caroline
Anna Thomson · Anna Trushin · Anna Woodwiss · Anna-Lee Lyons · Annabel Arcipe · Annabel                            Skegg · Caroline Topia · Carolyn Bovey-Brown · Carolyn Delugar · Carolyn Faloon · Carolyn
Macdonald · Annabel Sharp · Annabelle March · Annabelle Payne · Annamay Toa · Anne Cameron                         Greenaway · Carolyn Grogan-Tinney · Carolyn Lennox · Carolyn MacDonell · Carolyn Mulder ·
· Anne Cantos · Anne Flint · Anne Hall · Anne Hovell · Anne Kenna · Anne Larita · Anne O’Donnell ·                 Carolynn Aicken · Carolynn Phillips · Carrie Duncan · Carroll King · Casey Cowley · Cassandra
Anne Somarathne · Anne Streatfeild · Anne Verano · Anneke Van Straaten · Annette Adams ·                           Osborne · Cassandra Wallis · Cassidy McMillan · Cassidy Woods · Cassie Chen · Cassie Scaife ·
Annette Holdaway · Annette Hollis · Annette Jeffares · Annette Lawrence · Annette Molloy ·                         Cassie Stephens · Cassim Nawaz · Cath Magbaton · Cath Seguan · Catherine Bunting · Catherine
Annette Rains · Annie Armstrong · Annie Bruce · Annie Craike · Annie Dao · Annie Eunson · Annie                    Cordwell · Catherine Jalbuena · Catherine King · Catherine McKellar · Catherine Piastro · Catherine
Glossop · Annika Lindquist · Annmarie Fernando · Annu Gaur · Anoma Gunaratne · Anshal Hussain                      Ramos · Catherine Scullin · Catherine Wright · Cathley Balaan · Cathy Byrne · Cathy Lata · Cathy
· Anshu Singh · Ansilin Tressa Siby · Ansu Anna Varkey · Ansu Babu · Anthea Gernetzky · Anthea                     Malone · Cathy Morris · Cathy Stevenson · Cathy Watkins · Cathy Yang · Cecilia Hansson · Cecilia
Johnson · Anthea Lemberiadis · Anto Sundaram · Antoinette Morgan · Anton Reble · Antonette                         Huet · Cecilia Nguyen · Cecille Winspear · Ceena Jacob · Cel Amante · Cel Padayogdog · Celeste
Asuncion · Antonio Lavin Delgado · Anu Aloysius · Anu Baby · Anu Gill · Anu Karthika                               Boonzaaier · Celeste Payne · Celeste Wallbank · Celly Wilson · Celthea Yu · Cha Juco · Chakri
Reghunathapanickar · Anu Kumar · Anu Pathirage · Anu Paul · Anu Raju · Anu Samuel · Anu                            Siluveru · Chamara Hettiarachchige · Chami Mannage Dona · Chan Manuel · Chanel Kisina ·




                                                                                                             156
                                                                                    A NNUAL REP ORT 20 2 1



Chanpreet Kaur · Chantal Atngag · Chantal Guiguit · Chantal Kennedy · Chantel Paul · Chantel                     · Dronah Villarino · Dulari Withana Ranasinghe · Duncan Phillips · Dustin Dominic · Dwi
Pilcher · Chantelle Hand · Chantelle Hocking · Charan Dhillon · Charie Paytocan · Charith                        Wangsawidjaja · Dylan Bell · Dylan Geldard · Dylan Sharma · Earl Te · Eda Galias · Eddie Deo · Eddie
Ruwanpathirana · Charlene Lardizabal · Charlene Serino · Charlene Tabigne · Charles Bushell ·                    Ovansian · Eddie Parker · Eddie Tandy · Eden Dawson · Edgar Condino · Edgar Mamaril · Edgardo
Charles Han · Charles Hannaford · Charles Serino · Charlie Dennis · Charlie Johnson · Charlie Uy ·               Blaya · Eduard Bradley · Edvard Tanzo · Edward Paterson · Edwina Hutchings · Edy Sayson · Egroeg
Charlotte Baker · Charlotte Bullock · Charlotte Scragg · Charlotte Senining · Charlotte Turner ·                 Orlino · Eileen Kielty · Eileen Welford · Eileen Wu · Eina Campos · Ekta Sharma · Elaine De Leon ·
Charlyne Casil · Charmae Golosino · Charmagne Castillo · Charmaine Cabalagnan · Charmaine                        Elaine Galbraith · Elaine Hubbard · Elaine Luay · Elaine Marsh · Elaine Mulholland · Ele Bibby · Eleana
Infante · Charmaine Lim-Capendit · Charmaine Smith · Charmaine Staines · Charmaine Tan ·                         Nash · Eleanor Gaffley · Eleanor Lee · Eleanor Reo · Eleen Kee · Eleeza Jilson · Elena Braza · Elena
Charmaine Urbano · Charmaine Volschenk · Charmayne Clarke · Chau Bui · Chayle Argallon · Chea                    Delector · Elena Kubesh · Eleni Heaven · Eleni Meimaris · Eleonor Moral · Elesha Clark · Elia Mia ·
Fraser · Chee Chang Ho · Chelcei Ninal · Chell Biato · Chelsea Gray · Chelsea Hill · Chelsea Hodgson             Eliane Machado · Elina Rajie · Elina Yang · Elisel Valoria · Eliseo Lapus · Eliza Thapaliya · Elizabeth
· Chelsea Ngamotu · Chelsea Richdale · Chelsea Woolf · Cherie Brosnan · Cherry Casama · Cherry                   Caboverde · Elizabeth Dibanadane · Elizabeth Hunter · Elizabeth Okanga · Elizabeth Okpaleke ·
Gallego · Cherry Lagare · Cherry Quiros · Cherry Ramel · Cherry Taleno · Cherry Venegas · Cherryl                Elizabeth Sellick · Elizabeth Sunny · Elizabeth Waghorn · Eljo Joseph · Ella Brownrigg · Ella Dan-
Bauzon · Cheryl Alba · Cheryl Buchanan · Cheryl Damatac · Cheryl Jackson · Cheryl Lopez · Cheryl                 Lualua · Ella Griffin · Ella- Rose Henderson · Ella-Rose Knowles · Elle Coker · Ellen Baguip · Ellen
Roach · Cheryl Rom Liu · Cheryl Zhang · Cherylene Fatupaito · Cherylynn Stevenson · Chessie Yap                  Cribb · Ellen Encarnacion · Ellen Ganzon · Elleni Emmanouel-Christo · Ellie Wilson · Ellora Santos ·
· Cheyenne Flockton · Cheyne Chalmers · Chhiring Lama · Chi Zhao · Chikaina Makatea · Chike                      Elly Brown · Elma Reoma · Elmer Carreon · Eloisa Obnial · Eloise Viscarra · Elona Walker · Elsa
Seguban · Chinchu Boban · Chinju Paul · Chit Escalon · Chitra Devi · Chitt Fajardo · Chiyori Yasu ·              Marneweck · Elsie Lovell · Elsie Pablo · Elsie Warriner · Elva Latonio · Elvira Gomez · Elvira Tangonan
Chloe Fitzgibbon · Chloe Gao · Chloe Hollows · Chloe Perez · Chris Ackerman · Chris Ashton · Chris               · Ely Masil · Emalyn Prosia · Emelita Cagas · Emilie Field · Emily Brooke · Emily Burgess · Emily Chen
Baet · Chris Balanci · Chris Beckett · Chris Bull · Chris Camm · Chris Caselton · Chris Church · Chris           · Emily Hayward · Emily Joyce · Emily Langdon · Emily Li · Emily Lingard · Emily Lond · Emily Narawa
Combrink · Chris Corriea · Chris Dias · Chris Dombroski · Chris Downes · Chris Evans · Chris Hall ·              · Emily Palamountain · Emily Truong · Emily White · Emily Xi · Emma Baker · Emma Begg · Emma
Chris Harwood · Chris Henry · Chris James · Chris Jobe · Chris Keilty · Chris Ngataierua · Chris                 Coles · Emma Cumberbeach · Emma Eason · Emma Hanley · Emma Harper · Emma Harrison ·
Parker · Chris Saxon · Chris Sinclair · Chris Storer · Chris Sutton · Chris Tunbridge · Chris Wright ·           Emma Hibbert · Emma Hogan · Emma Holder · Emma Hope · Emma Kielty · Emma Knott · Emma
Chrissy Atkins · Chrissy Macpherson · Chrissy Mathews · Chrissy Nkya · Chrissy Smith · Chrissy                   Lim-Yip · Emma McLeod · Emma Ngoc · Emma Raho · Emma Reardon · Emma Reece · Emma
Stanton · Chrissy Telekesi · Chrissy Thompson · Chrissy Toa · Christe Capisnon · Christeen                       Saquiban · Emma Scott · Emma Singh · Emma Tarunge-Wasi · Emma Theochari-Mitchell · Emma
Abraham · Christelle Sazon · Christi Essex · Christian Borja · Christin Yu · Christina Niutao ·                  Waetford · Emma Webb · Emman Galve · Emmy Dolotina · Ena Pastrana · Entani Naidu · Eric Demo
Christina Potgieter · Christina Reed · Christine Buck · Christine Clarke · Christine De Leon ·                   · Eric van Diggele · Erica Bacasen · Erick Abille · Ericka Sauquillo Adoyo · Erik Homena · Erin Lu · Erin
Christine Dhariwal · Christine Han · Christine Hawley · Christine Hill · Christine Javier · Christine            Pole · Erin Woodcraft · Ernesto Espiritu · Esmie Gonzaga · Esteban Llano · Estela Garcia · Estela
Kwiatkowski · Christine Labiton · Christine Langley · Christine Liclican-Coloma · Christine                      Guiao · Estelle O’Neil · Estelle Ramtano · Ester Da Rosa · Esther Cole · Esther Curtis · Esther Gupana
McCurdy · Christine Miller · Christine Pauling · Christine Primrose · Christine Tubio · Christine                · Esther Hukui · Esther Kingi · Esther Lawangen · Esther Lin · Esther Mulligan · Esther Zvenyika ·
Tweedie · Christine Voller · Christine Wang · Christine Ann Elizalde · Christo Paulraj · Christopher             Ethan McCarthy · Ethan Prentice · Ethan Turner · Ethel Mondarte · Eti Aunese · Eugene Ortile ·
Singer · Christy Solina · Chu Kohlman · Chu Templa · Chummy Madarieta · Cindy Cao · Cindy                        Eugenie May · Eunika Reinecke · Eurita Balazo · Eva De Jong · Eva Kubala · Eva Mago · Eva Schilder
Evangelista · Cindy Hou · Cindy Le Hur · Cindy Phillips · Cindy Velasquez · Cintia de Camargo · Ciska            · Evanya Fraser-Le’au · Eve Espanta · Eve Ojales · Evelinda Elan · Evelyn Booth · Evelyn Cadzow ·
McGrath · CJ Barcelona · Claire Bate · Claire Daunivavana · Claire Farrell · Claire Flanagan · Claire            Evelyn Calaunan · Evelyn Doropa · Evelyn Espina · Evelyn Ritchie · Ewa Jasinska · Ey-Ey Reyes · Ezra
Harris · Claire Mooiman · Claire Park · Claire Watt · Claire Whitfield · Clara Chiong · Clarace Codyre           Erueti · Faamanu Simeona · Faamanu Smith · Faeona Wallace · Fair Rupal · Faith Fawcett · Faith
· Clare Bower · Clare Burgess · Clare Glasspool · Clare Manders · Clare McKone · Clarissa Alojado ·              Sakalia · Fallon Eynon · Fana Raveora · Fang Zhou · Fara Naicake · Farah Abuyabor · Farah Ali ·
Claudete Silva · Claudette Simmer · Claudia May · Claudia Permatasari · Claudia Rogers · Claudia                 Farida Shilpi · Farisha Begum · Farishta Samadi · Farron Moke · Farzana Begum · Farzana Bi ·
Rueda De La Serna · Claudine Nair · Claudine Uy · Clem Von Ellerts-Martinoli · Cliff Lasmarias ·                 Faseela Thodi · Fatemeh Khorami · Fatima Hima · Fay Lilley · Fay Ramirez-de Jong · Faye Taylor · Fe
Clinton Palmer · Coco Prak · Colin Butler · Colin Caldwell · Colin Cameron · Colin Habgood · Colin               Asinas · Fe Cuevas · Fe Taganas · Fefiloi Tausi · Felicity King · Felis Pael · Felix Lacerna · Felix Tso ·
Vose · Colleen Johnson · Colleen McCann · Colleen Watson · Collette Backhouse · Collette Gordon                  Felmi Thomas · Fely Magpantay · Ferdi Roncal · Fern Tanoi · Finau Kafoa · Fincy Francis · Fiona Dube
· Colm Boyle · Comaneci Ong · Con Ciobanu · Con Van Niekerk · Conie Pulgao · Connie Fernandez ·                  · Fiona Justine · Fiona Kingi · Fiona Le Gros · Fiona Quinn · Fiona Rolland · Fiona Scotland · Fipe
Connie Tagle · Connor Sim · Cora Jambalos · Cora Van der Heul · Coralea Potgieter · Coralie Vine ·               Lama · Fletcher Olsen · Floey Limjoco · Flor Anasarias · Flora Torres · Florance Nikeeta · Floren
Coralize Legge · Correen Steyn · Corrine Belencion · Corrine Fernando · Corrine Gillan · Corrinne                Guira · Florence Esteban · Florence Taylor · Fonda Burt · Fran Denton · Fran Knapman · Fran Spitzer
Cooper · Cory Bryan · Courtney Skene · Courtney Taylor · Courtney Trautvetter · Craig Atkinson ·                 · Frances Bingham · Frances Twaalfhoven · Francesca Kidd · Francie Cappleman · Francine
Craig Buist · Craig Dixon · Craig Gibbons · Craig Pascoe · Cris Viernes · Criselda Agbayani · Crish              Palendeng · Francis Abrigo · Francis Almendra · Francis Caluya · Francis Deferia · Francis Delia ·
Landiza · Cristal Lozada · Cristel Carter · Cristina Alejandro · Cristina Corre · Cristina Uy · Cristine         Frank Ryan · Frank Wang · Franklin Laban · Fransiska Aren · Franz Sale · Fred Cleaver · Freda Chase
Bayliss · Crystal Payne · Crystal Saldanha · Csilla Feherne Kincses · Cushla Manaia · Cyd                        · Freda Raptopoulos · Freda Van Schouten · Freddy Akkara · Frelyn Acuzar · Fritz Lozano · Frozan
Maclachlan · Cym Seguan · Cynthia Bunag · Cynthia Humphreys · Cynthia Mercado · Cynthia                          Azizi · Gab Pontanos · Gabby Barnett · Gabby Da Rosa · Gabby Whall · Gabriel D’Alberto · Gabriella
Soriano · Cyril Balloso · Cyrus Vallecera · Czarina Ederango · Czhanna Dayo · Dada Dayrit · Dafydd               Schulz · Gabrielle Raife · Gaby Maniloff · Gael Barthelet · Gael Coory · Gagan Kaur · Gagan Kaur ·
Evans · Dahlia Bontilao · Dainah Magonde · Daisy Duka · Dale Basinal · Dale Bell · Dale Burton · Dale            Gagan Kaur · Gagan Kharoud · Gagan Malhi · Gagandeep Kaur · Gagandeep Kaur · Gaganpreet
Whearty · Daly Anna Devasia · Daman Kaur · Damani Lata · Damian Forde · Damith Amarathunga ·                     Kaur · Gagneet Kaur · Gail Brown · Gail Castro · Gail McGuinness · Gail Miller · Gail Oats · Gail
Dan Bromley · Dan Domalanta · Dan Liu · Dan Pega · Dan Reid · Dan Vajc · Dana Bilous · Danae                     Sangiorgio · Gail Te Au · Galina Shipina · Gamage Priyangika Sandamali · Ganga Mati · Gareth Salt ·
Shipston · Danelle Franklin · Danessa Cuyno · Dani Bartle · Dani Basilan · Dani Bonoan · Danica Little           Garlett Ceniza · Garry Bott · Garry Dhall · Garry Singh · Garry Singh · Gary Cox · Gary Robinson ·
· Daniel Bakht-Khosh · Daniel Halengo · Daniel Knell · Daniel Mulcahy · Daniela Aguilar Felix · Daniela          Gary Stewart · Gary Sutcliffe · Gavin Lucas · Gavin Till · Gay Benabaye · Gay Libatog · Gay Ordonio
Diederichs · Daniela Restrepo · Danielle Jeffery · Danielle Moran · Danielle Newton · Danielle Numan             · Gayani Welikala · Gayathri Kahawidanalage Dona · Gayathri Kumar · Gayleen Watkins · Gaylene
· Danielle Steer · Danielle Tweed · Danilly-Rose Simpson · Danni Wood · Dannie Digiandomenico ·                  Allen · Gaylene Downs · Gaylene Graham · Gaylene Hill · Gaylene Hutcheson · Geena George ·
Danny Burns · Danny Connery · Darlene Ross · Darnell Bonita · Darren Hicarte · Darren Jago · Darrin              Geetha Marupati · Gelyn Dalusag · Gem Evans · Gemeda Wesho · Gemma Fernandez Duck ·
Findlay · Darsana Ram Bindu · Darshan Patel · Daryl Dominguez · Daryl Page · Dashan Kaur · Dati                  Gemma Rolland · Gemma Tattley · Gen Baoa · Gen Bautista · Gen Cabarles · Gen McEwan · Gena
Sherpa · Dave Clearwater · Dave Cooper · Dave Cronin · Dave Murrell · Dave Pogson · Dave                         Agnes · Genalyn Arca · Genelil Gonzales · Generose Jocson · Geneveve Van Dooren · Genuine
Robertson · Dave Sevilleno · Dave So · Dave Wand · Dave Wu · David Baker · David Ballouz · David                 Naniong · Geordie Dewhirst · George Mathew · Georgekutty Joseph · Georgia Berry · Georgia
Bennett · David Cartwright · David Datoy · David de Veth · David Gibson · David Herrera-Rodriguez                Butler · Georgia English · Georgia Hopkins · Georgia Reeves · Georgia Ritchie · Georgia Sherlock ·
· David Kenny · David King · David Laing · David Macdonald · David Mahony · David Nevin · David                  Georgia Smaill · Georgia Taylor · Georgia Thompson · Georgie Hamilton · Georgina Aitken ·
Oldham · David Ravenscroft · David Swann · Davinna McDonald · Davis Thadathil · Davu Deol ·                      Georgina Syme · Gerald Estevez · Geraldine Kevill · Gerlie Navaja · Ghela Domalanta · Gihani
Dawn Hunt · Dawn White · Dawn Yrigollen-Hammond · Dawny Thomas · Daylinda Durango · Dayna                        Chathurika · Gil Fielding · Gil Ona · Gilanne Natividad · Gilbert Romero · Gina Parkinson · Gina Salt ·
George · Dealia Long · Dean Jackson · Deanna Glasson · Deb Habershon · Deb Ray · Deb                             Gina Schenkel · Gina Villanueva · Gina Yan · Gino Magsino · Giovanna Falchi · Girley Pingol · Girlie
Richardson · Deb Smith · Debbie Austin · Debbie Bontuyan · Debbie Bridger · Debbie Buchanan ·                    Stevens · Giroma Labradores · Gisha Chandy · Gladys Gaspar · Glaiza Alwit · Glaiza Bernardo ·
Debbie Chapman · Debbie Dixon · Debbie Edwards · Debbie Espartinez · Debbie Fraser · Debbie                      Glaiza Saul · Glen Thomson · Glenda Aggarao · Glenn Griffin · Glenn Matthews · Glenn McNickle ·
Gemmell · Debbie Gray · Debbie Hartley · Debbie Hicks · Debbie Horne · Debbie Kennedy · Debbie                   Glenn Scott · Glennis Kingi · Glenys Percy · Glenys Popenhagen · Glenys Stewart · Gloria Kavanagh
Knight · Debbie Komarkowski · Debbie Lin · Debbie Mindoro · Debbie Ogden · Debbie Quennell ·                     · Gloria Kawadza · Gloria Wardle · Glyn Jenkins · Glynn Pegarro · Glynnis Mackay · Gong
Debbie Rountree · Debbie Smith · Debbie Wells · Deborah Forde · Deborah Ibale · Deborah Swingler                 Padayogdog · Gordon Lambagan · Gordy MacLeod · Gorica Brasic · Goswin Kanta · Govind
· Debra Goodman · Debra Stone · Debs Smith · Declan Rhodes · Dedeh Karyati · Dee Broad · Dee                     Yelagani · GR Taala · Grace Aldridge · Grace Anacleto · Grace Arbitrario · Grace Bilagot · Grace
Dilhani · Dee Mantell-Harding · Dee Nadan · Dee Yonzan · Dee Lal Lal · Deep Kaur · Deepa Bhandari                Blake · Grace Boyle · Grace Gubatan · Grace He · Grace Kamuhangire · Grace Kim · Grace Lubos ·
G C · Deepa Lohala · Deepa Magar · Deepa Sudhakaran · Deepak Aggarwal · Deepani Hewa                             Grace Martinez · Grace Nathan · Grace Nieto · Grace Nochefranca · Grace Rennie · Grace Samuel
Batagodage · Deepankshi Deepankshi · Deepika Saudiyal · Deepika Wijesekara · Deeviya Patel ·                     · Grace Tabut · Grace Tavara · Grace Tubo · Grace Wei · Grace Wilson · Graeme Thomson · Graeme
Deidre MacGregor · Del Wellington · Del Whitehouse · Delia Espenido · Denice Jamieson · Denis                    Wilson · Graham Beal · Grant Clayton · Grant Costello · Gray Mabasa · Greece Tade · Greema Paul
Goodwin · Denis Marra · Denise Boese · Denise Carppe · Denise Cunniffe · Denise Greenbank ·                      · Greeshma Susham · Greg Barclay · Greg Conquest · Greg Evans · Greg Giles · Greg Pearce · Greg
Denise Hutchison · Denise Laney · Denise Martin · Denise Scott · Denise Thompson · Denisse                       Small · Greta Kennedy · Gretch Tacuyan · Grishma Pudasaini · Guang Tian · Gul Kaur · Gunpreet
Valdrez · Dennis Chireshe · Dennis De Leon · Dennis Frazer · Denzel Bonifacio · Deotheny Arenajo ·               Tiwana · Gurjeet Kaur · Gurjit Kaur · Gurleen Kaur · Gurmeet Kaur · Gurneet Kaur · Gurpreet Dhillon
Derek Gibbs · Derek Greening · Desirie Diwa · Desley Lawrence · Destinee Duthie · Dev Little · Devi              · Gurpreet Kaur · Gurpreet Kaur · Gurpreet Kaur · Gurpreet Kaur · Gurpreet Kaur-Gill · Gursharan
Nagalingam · Devika Naidu · Devika Reddy · Devon Eastlake · Devon Maurice · Dewi Astuti · Dewshi                 Kaur · Gursharan Kaur · Gurvinder Singh Mudhar · Gurwinder Kaur · Guy Warburton · Gwen Cajigas
Wittachchi Koralage · Dhang Navarro · Dhanju Rana · Dhanya Dominic · Dhanya Francis · Dhanya                     · Gwen Ward · Habiba Neniel · Hadrian Sultan · Hailey Byun · Hailey Smith · Hamida Khan · Hamish
Lukose · Dhara Patel · Dhruvi Shah · Di George · Di Lister · Di McKenzie · Di Sinclair · Di Tahi · Di            Kennedy · Hamish O’Neill · Hamish Owens · Hanan Alshbrawi · Hani Fatu · Hannah Apurillo · Hannah
Tarling · Diana Brown · Diana Cleveland · Diana Ettema · Diana Hanafin · Diana Keith · Diana                     Audas · Hannah Barlow · Hannah Barry-Goss · Hannah Bryan · Hannah Carter · Hannah Casia ·
Kozlowski · Diana Maiquez · Diana Narulita · Diana Nicolescu · Diana Plesovs · Diana Sian · Diane                Hannah Diaz · Hannah Espanola · Hannah Hamilton · Hannah Mackay · Hannah MacLean · Hannah
Anderson · Diane Brown · Diane Evans · Diane Headifen · Diane Smiler · Diane Smith · Diane Taylor                Martin · Hannah Mayol · Hannah McMurray · Hannah Riches · Hannah Shaw · Hannah Undan · Hans
· Diane Vergara-Galang · Dianna Alexander · Dianne Amolong · Dianne Austin · Dianne Burgess ·                    Koman · Happy Nijjar · Harbhajan Kaur · Hardeep Kaur · Harish Uthirapathy · Harjeet Kaur ·
Dianne Casimiro · Dianne Daniels · Dianne Dona · Dianne Durham · Dianne Kei · Dianne Melhuish ·                  Harjinder Kaur · Harkamal Minhas · Harleen Johal · Harman Kaur · Harmonee Scott · Harparveen
Dianne Newton · Dianne Rosado · Diedri Bates · Diksha Mainh · Dilpreet Kaur · Dilpreet Kaur · Dina               Kaur · Harper Connolly · Harpinder Kaur · Harpreet Kaur · Harpreet Kaur · Harpreet Kaur · Harpreet
Fitria · Dina Garcia · Dinithi Medagedara · Dipal Patelia · Dipika Dipika · Disha Gandhi · Dishna                Kaur · Harpreet Kaur · Harpreet Kaur · Harpreet Kaur · Harpreet Khohar · Harpreet Pabla · Harry
Karunarathna · Divina Cruz · Divya Chauhan · Divya Sebastian · Diya Baby · Dolly Alekar · Dolor                  Capacite · Harry Coronel · Harry Hemus · Harry Huynh · Harry Makhloga · Harry Purohit · Harry
Raposas · Don MacKay · Donah Cagalawan · Donald Ferguson · Donald Pool · Donna Barnes ·                          Sampson · Harry Snell · Harry Tesorio · Harsha Kottarathil · Harshani Jayasinghe · Harsimran Kaur
Donna Bradford · Donna Campbell · Donna Dael · Donna Dungey · Donna Flaws · Donna Garcia ·                       · Harveer Kaur · Harwinder Kaur · Hash Devgan · Hashini Ekanayake · Hassel Sapanta · Havana
Donna Gonzales · Donna Holmes · Donna Lewis · Donna Munoz · Donna Rose · Donna Summerfield                       A’aifou · Hayden Beaton · Haylee Guy · Haylee Newport · Haylee Syverston · Hayley Berriman ·
· Donnelle Dean · Dora Martinez-Velandia · Doreen Dacanay · Doreen Kumar · Doreen Lata · Doreen                  Hayley Brown · Hayley Hendra · Hayley House · Hayley Jenkinson · Hayley Kluytmans-Smith ·
Maha · Doreen Narayan · Dorothy Belleza · Dorothy Harris · Dorothy Kudinha · Dorothy Withers · Dot               Hayley Mackintosh · Hayley Moreton · Hayley Sharp · Hazel Baliza · Hazel Dodunski · Hazel Guillen
Luna · Dot Wright · Dottie Abuyabor · Doug Holt · Dovie Villalobos · Dragan Mitrevski · Drew Oakley              · Hazel Magar · Hazel Watene · Hazella Abayan · Heather Adams · Heather Barnett · Heather Booth




                                                                                                           157
                                                                                         RY MAN HEALT HCARE




· Heather Jury · Heather Maynard · Heather Parnell · Heather Seddon · Heather Sharp · Heather                           Bennett · Joanne Eaton · Joanne Hart · Joanne Manger · Joanne McConchie · Joanne Ramirez ·
Snodgrass · Heather Turney · Heather Tutaki · Heather Wallace · Heather Wilson · Heather Wooles                         Joanne Robinson · Joanne Satchwell · Joanne Smith · Joanne Snalam · Joanne Steele · Joanne
· Hebbe Xia · Hedda Viray · Heena Arora · Heide Barkman · Heidi Cartwright · Heidi Holm · Heidi                         Wang · Joanne Wong · Joash Felipe · Joban Singh · Jobcy John · Jobi Paul · Jocel Dorado · Jocelyn
O’Reilly · Heike Voit · Heleen Webb · Helen Bailey · Helen Bridge · Helen Burnley · Helen Cowie ·                       Davidson · Jocelyn Hansen · Jocelyn Infante · Jocelyn Lines · Jocelyn Prospero · Jocelyn Reyes ·
Helen Danielsen · Helen Davy · Helen Hayes · Helen Higgins · Helen Highcazony · Helen Mason ·                           Jock Robinson · Jodie Ellis · Jodie Kirk · Jodie Robb · Jody Coverdale · Jody Keating-Gorton · Joe
Helen Maxwell · Helen McKinnel · Helen Van Der Meys · Helen Wehipeihana · Helen Weston · Helen                          Muttumpurath · Joe Nio-Aporo · Joe Rooney · Joe Sturrock · Joe Suedad · Joe Vas · Joe Won ·
Xu · Hellen Grenfell · Helly Shrimali · Hema Baldania · Hemal Patel · Henny Villaverde · Henry                          Joeben Roxas · Joena Baculio · Joenita Florendo · Joey Bawas · Joey Weaver · Johanna Aguiar ·
Arunjaroen · Henry Davis · Henry Neo · Henry Stuart · Hepi Matapa · Hermie Nuqui · Hermie                               Johannes Bronkhorst · John Beuth · John Bland · John De Leon · John Entice · John Foster · John
Pabulario · Herminia Thompson · Hetal Pansuria · Hieu Lam · Hilary Freeth · Hilary Ward · Hilary                        Gavin · John Goss · John Graham · John Ibarra · John Jenkins · John Katiyo · John Keighron · John
West · Hilary Westley · Hilda Dimalibot · Hildah Muthui · Hima Pauly · Himshikha Paneri · Hina                          Nayga · John Outten · John Poral · John Taylor · John Van Turnhout · John Young · Johncy Joseph
Veituna · Hine Kameta · Hiromi Mizushima · Hitkumar Patel · Hoani Brown · Hollee McKay · Hollie                         · Jojo Archer · Jojo Diquit · Jolden Fernandes · Jomarie Guarnes · Jomy Jose · Jona Arganda · Jona
Ruddick · Hollie Thomlinson · Holly Binnie · Holly Conway · Holly Duff · Holly French · Holly Gillett ·                 Kayan · Jona Osmena · Jonald Laurico · Jonalyn Angopa · Jonathan Ball · Jonathan Barber ·
Holly Grant · Holly Murrell · Holly Whitaker · Holly Wilson · Honey Arceo · Honey Duque · Honey Gill                    Jonathan Barrett · Jonathan Santamaria · Jonathon Hean · Jonelyn Valeroso · Joni-Lou Arcelo ·
· Honey Honey · Honey John · Honey Neilson · Honey Pagtanac · Honeylane Bautista · Hope                                 Jonna Mangahas · Jonnel Tan · Jono Burch · Jordan Cruickshank · Jordan Elvy · Joreena Mabini ·
McKenzie · Hope Sakalia · House Yuan · Hua Chen · Hui Kian Chua · Huiling Lu · Hymavathi                                Jorefel Sato · Joris Bolijn · Josafa Magallones · Jose Palathunkal · Jose Reeves · Joseph Aquino ·
Gantyada · Hyojoo Lee · Hyun Jun Yoon · Iain Doody · Iain Jagger · Ian Bell · Ian Corry · Ian Whyte ·                   Joseph Go · Josephine Cunado · Josephine Slater · Josh Dench · Josh Jones · Josh Orchard · Josh
Ida Leimi · Ike Abellana · Ildiko Fibik · Ilthon Tomo · Indika Abeykoon · Indika Warnakula · Indu                       Rasolo · Joshi Nandini · Joshua Smith · Josiane Bizoza · Josie McCrone · Josie Placino · Josmin
Gounder · Indy Putri Trilford · Ine Wheeler · Inge Rickards · Ingrid Cagalawan · Ingrid Hurst · Ingrida                 Jose · Joti Chand · Joti Kumari · Joti Reena · Jova Marquez · Jovana Brasic · Jovi Obias · Joy Abella
Jones · Inigo Holmes · Inno Chiu · Inoka Jayaweera · Inosha Hettiarachchi · Iosefo Bahn · Irene Burt                    · Joy Abellar-Sinha · Joy Albano · Joy Breward · Joy Brinkmann · Joy Campo · Joy Cho · Joy Duran
· Irene Domingo · Irene Jose · Irene Lee · Irene Morgan · Irene Rapa · Irene Yang · Iresha Jahinge · Irin               · Joy Harrison · Joy Mason · Joy Notman · Joy Yang · Joyce Kinyua · Joyce Kydd · Joyce Li · Joyce
Babu Pallan · Irina Davis · Irina Shcherbinia · Irish Cantalejo-Emerson · Irish Pelegren · Iritana Tua ·                Roa · Jude Fegi · Jude Kerr · Jude Van Bommel · Judette Froilan-Algodon · Judi Wetere · Judith
Isaac Bright · Isabel Jimenez · Isabel Seville · Isabelita Ceniza · Isabella Wild · Ishan Kolothodi · Ishina            Babu · Judith Ditablan · Judith Rutledge · Judith Taylor · Judy Aitken · Judy Barron · Judy Campbell
Adhikari · Ishu Koirala · Isi Uata · Iskima Bhandari · Isla Jean Tregonning · Isobel OBrien · Ita Living ·              · Judy Christie · Judy Lubanga · Judy McAuley · Judy Miguel · Judy Montero · Judy Patterson · Judy
Italia Taka · Itayi Ruvando · Ivana Tan · Ivane Parba · Ivy Araujo · Ivy Carino · Ivy Carreon · Ivy                     Petersen · Juffin Koshy · Juhee An · Julia Charteris · Julia Delahunty · Julia Evans · Julia Hamilton ·
Chatterjee · Ivy Johnson · Ivy Liza · Izel Martinez · Izzy Byfleet · Izzy Getty · Izzy Hutcheson · Izzy                 Julia Main · Julia Murphy · Julia Walker · Juliana Baxter · Juliana Joseph · Julie Akinyele · Julie
Partridge · Jaala Attewel · Jabeline Obra · Jac George · Jacinta Afamasaga · Jacinta Maxwell ·                          Camay · Julie Collings · Julie Copping · Julie Corkill · Julie Crayford · Julie Crofts · Julie Day · Julie
Jacinta Neilson · Jack Foster · Jackie Batoy · Jackie Hotter · Jackie Miller · Jackie O’Fee · Jackie                    Deticio · Julie East · Julie George · Julie Gumban · Julie Hoskin · Julie Leilua · Julie Madden · Julie
Rangihuna-Atkins · Jackie Silva · Jackson Sumich · Jacky Adam · Jacky Basongit · Jaclyn Aitken ·                        Madden · Julie Mallia · Julie McGhie · Julie Morrish · Julie Parker · Julie Quine · Julie Rodwell · Julie
Jaco Malan · Jacob Cherian · Jacob Wood · Jacoeb Uprichard · Jacque Hunter · Jacque Manzano                             Russ · Julie Ryan · Julie Seymour · Julie Simpron · Julie Thompson · Julie Toevai · Julie Wallis · Julie
Leadbetter · Jacqueleen Nyangweso · Jacquelyn Cottam · Jacqui Clarke · Jacqui Devezas · Jade                            Williamson · Julie Rose Guinyang · Julie-Ann Beattie · Juliet Findlay · Juliet Smith · Juliette
Bedel · Jade Hemi · Jade Magno · Jade O’Connor · Jade Te Awhe · Jade Washbourn · Jadi Cubita ·                          Brownlow · Julius Macaraeg · Jully Cui · Julyn Cancino · Jun Lam · Jun Montajes · June Marshall ·
Jagath Wijetilleke · Jaime Clews · Jaime Redmond · Jaimee Bell · Jaimie Novotny · Jalpa Patel ·                         June Savage · June Wano · Junessa Shotter · Junior Tai · Junn Alminaza · Justin Regidor · Justin
Jam Bolivar · Jam Rivera · James Aoys · James Davies-Collins · James Goodman · James Grieves                            Reinecke · Justine Hilado · Justine Michel · Juvilyn Hallazgo · Jyothy Gopakumar · Jyoti Bhanot ·
· James Inobaya · James Marshall · James Ward-Johnson · Jamie Murphy · Jamie Murray-                                    Jyoti K C · Jyoti Kumar · Jyoti Kunwar · Jyoti Phuyal · Jyoti Sharma · Kabita Lamichhane · Kaden Ko
Macgregor · Jamie Quigg · Jamie Roberts · Jamie Rumbold · Jamie Sheary · Jamila Khaled · Jan                            · Kae Tayong · Kael Fallu · Kaelan Healy · Kaitlin Ruscoe · Kaito Hayashi · Kal Sherchan · Kalaivani
Bandala · Jan Corbett · Jan Low · Jan McCann · Jan Thomson · Jan Villacorta · Jan-Marie Houliston                       Logeswaran · Kaleb Dunstan · Kaleshni Devi · Kalisi Savu · Kalpa Kumarasinghe · Kalpana Negi ·
· Jana Dinusova · Janaki Shrestha · Jane Baker · Jane Bell · Jane Elle · Jane Escalera · Jane Gordon                    Kalvi Selvaraj · Kalyan Alluri · Kamal Dhaliwal · Kamal Jajoria · Kamal Kaur · Kamal Kaur · Kamal
· Jane Hickman · Jane Hockey · Jane Jordan · Jane Magan · Jane McCall · Jane O’Connell · Jane                           Pandher · Kamal Sharma · Kamala Phuyel · Kamalpreet Kaur · Kamalpreet Kaur · Kamalpreet Kaur
Pallett · Jane Paredes · Jane Patrick · Jane Pow · Jane Ram · Jane Sun · Jane Tattley · Janeil Tan ·                    · Kamini Prasad · Kanchan Dangol · Kanchi Peiris · Kani Davis · Kaniata Halanukonuka · Kanta Mani
Janelle Broughton · Janelle Reade · Janes Castro · Janet Bucag · Janet Hagonoy · Janet Jesen ·                          · Kanti Karan · Kara Belcher · Kara Montilla · Kareen Galang · Karel Atilano · Karen Andrews · Karen
Janet Ngamaru · Janet Spaabaek · Janet Stacey · Janette Boyd · Janette Llesis · Janice Liu ·                            Bensemann · Karen Borland · Karen Castel · Karen Clark · Karen Ikimata · Karen Jackson · Karen
Janice Lomosco · Janice Munro · Janice Peralta · Janice Rothwell · Janice Roy · Janice Salmons ·                        Jellyman · Karen Jenkins · Karen Kelly · Karen Kenny · Karen Lake · Karen Layman · Karen Mabao ·
Janice Stent · Janice Tuuta · Janice Walsh · Janice Wright · Janie Keelan-Hammond · Janie Nolan                         Karen Melo · Karen Merrilees · Karen Moriyama · Karen Nasser · Karen Nel · Karen Parata · Karen
· Janine Aitken · Janine Amacio · Janine Davidson · Janine Lipsys · Janine Snape · Janine Spiers ·                      Prothero · Karen Reataza · Karen Rodger · Karen Sears · Karen Shaw · Karen Wellard · Karen
Janine Waugh · Janine Wilde · Janith Fernando · Janna Caneda · Jannel Escueta · Jans Amuwala                            Wellington · Karen Williams · Karin Duval · Karin McDonald · Karin Smits · Karina Choirunisa · Karina
Mesthrige · Janzelle Marasigan · Jared Kemsley · Jas Bhotea · Jas Taala · Jash Jattana · Jashan                         Landero · Karina Misterio · Karishma Naidu · Karizza Miranda · Karl Drent · Karl Holden · Karl
Kaur · Jasmeen Kaur · Jasmeet Kaur · Jasmeet Virk · Jasmin Cataquiz · Jasmin Raju · Jasmine                             Holloway · Karl Rosales · Karla de Wet · Karla Diaz · Karla Marrs · Karm Kaur · Karuna Maharaj ·
Dalkie Drummond · Jasmine Evans · Jasmine Kim · Jasmine Kipa · Jasmine Lee · Jasmine Mann ·                             Karuna Neupane · Karuna Singh · Karyl Saavedra · Karyn Marshall · Karyn Nobilo · Karyn Porter ·
Jasmine Mcilraith · Jasmit Kaur · Jason Adam · Jason Browne · Jason Davey · Jason Hopkins ·                             Karyn Small · Kasa Katene · Kase Woolley · Kasun Silva · Kat Atkins · Kat Hanson · Katalina Aitaua ·
Jason Kenna · Jason Mack · Jason Van der Hulst · Jason Zhao · Jasond Jamboy · Jaspinder Kaur ·                          Katalina Kisina · Katarina Biaukula · Kate Anderson · Kate Bowden · Kate Bruce · Kate Carr · Kate
Jaspreet Brar · Jaspreet Gill · Jaspreet Kaur · Jaspreet Kaur · Jaspreet Kaur · Jaspreet Kaur ·                         Clayton · Kate Donaldson · Kate Ensor · Kate Johnson · Kate Milne · Kate Morgan · Kate Ren · Kate
Jaspreet Kaur · Jaspreet Kaur · Jaspreet Kaur · Jaspreet Singh · Jasprit Kaur · Jass Kaur · Jass                        Sharples · Kate Tran · Kate Wood · Kath Abelligos · Kath Collett · Kath Daveis · Kath Dwyer · Kath
Kaur · Jass Kaur · Jass Reddy · Jasvir Kaur · Jaswinder Kaur · Jatinder Kaur · Jay Kang · Jay Kirk ·                    Hart · Kath Morgan · Kath Pegalan-Bataanon · Katherine Cade · Katherine Smith · Kathie Carter ·
Jay Moore · Jay Parag · Jay Pascua · Jay Payot · Jay Sukhdarshan Singh · Jaya Mohan · Jaya                              Kathie Dimock · Kathleen Corcuera · Kathleen de Gracia · Kathleen McMillan · Kathlen Gingoyon ·
Murugan · Jaya Vandhana · Jayde Galbraith · Jayde Kumsawng · Jayde Simpson · Jayn Baker ·                               Kathrine Tan · Kathryn Francis · Kathryn Geopano · Kathryn McMahon · Kathryn Van de Westerlo ·
Jayna Burnett-Brown · Jayne McIlroy · Jayne Money · Jaypee De Peralta · Jayson Ehn · Jaz                                Kathy Petersen · Katie Benson · Katie Hilleard · Katie Longden · Katie Matatia · Katie-Jane Knight ·
Morrison · Jaz Spicer · Jazel Madlangbayan · Jazmyn Fox · Jazz Lord · Jazz Phillips · Jazz Rabbett ·                    Katie-Rae Botica · Katrin Marundan · Katrina Armstrong · Katrina Boyd · Katrina Copland · Katrina
Jean Farrell · Jean Raga · Jean Ramos · Jean Rigor · Jean Villarin · Jeanafe Abelarde · Jeanel                          Ede · Katrina Mann · Katrina McLean · Katrina Stevens · Katty Maya · Katy Fryer · Katy Hodder · Katy
Gutong · Jeanet Bagares · Jeanette Erestingcol · Jeanette Tebbutt · Jeanette Trueman · Jeanette                         Van Nieuwenhuizen · Katz Melebo · Kavitha Sukumar · Kawana Hing · Kay Clarke · Kay Jeffs · Kay
Wensor · Jeanie Gamboa · Jeanie Gradwell · Jeanie Salcedo · Jeanne Paterson · Jeanne Walker ·                           Katene · Kay Merekula · Kay Spick · Kaya Edwards · Kaycee Borja · Kaye Clyne · Kaye Francisco ·
Jeannette Subritzky · Jeannie Bautista · Jeannie Sales · Jeannie Wang · Jee Manipis · Jeema Lijo ·                      Kaye Kaur · Kaye Nieva · Kaye Stoddart · Kaye Wesley · Kayla Myles · Kayla Richmond · Kaylah Ross
Jeena Jose · Jeena Oshana · Jeeva Vakkachan · Jeff De Los Reyes · Jeff Parkins · Jeff Ragragio ·                        · Kaylee Du Preez · Kaylene Brock · Kaylene Tipene · Kayley Taylor · Kaylyn Merrall · Keann Alojado
Jejay Sen · Jele Papellero · Jeli Howes · Jelica Ceballos · Jem Curran · Jen Garcia · Jen Lemery ·                      · Keefe Martinez · Keeta Shrimpton · Keiko Simpson · Keisi Puafuti · Kelera Bourke · Kellie Hura ·
Jen Magrath · Jen Nuevo · Jen Prasad · Jen Rea · Jenelyn Ragadi · Jeni Keogh · Jenn Valavala ·                          Kelly Barnes · Kelly Cooke · Kelly Dacanay · Kelly Engelen · Kelly Jackson · Kelly Jansen · Kelly
Jenna Maire · Jenna Moore · Jenni Harris · Jenni Stevenson · Jenni Thompson · Jennie South ·                            Jones · Kelly Reuelu · Kelly Zeng · Kelsey Wilson · Kelsie Grantham · Kelvin Weston · Ken Go · Ken
Jennie Teodoro · Jennielyn Juachon · Jennifer Dela Cruz · Jennifer Ferrier · Jennifer Gonzalo ·                         Wongsomboon · Ken Yeung · Kendall Charles · Kendall Johnson · Kendall Stobart · Kendyl Hudson-
Jennifer Roberts · Jennifer Rodriguez · Jennifer Southee · Jennifer Storer · Jennifer Trasmil ·                         McDonald · Kennely Atilano · Kenneth Alo · Kenneth Baldivinos · Kenneth Penolbo · Kenny
Jennifer Tufuga · Jennifer Wong · Jennilyn Maneja · Jenny Abalos · Jenny Achilles · Jenny Bongcog                       MacAskill · Keran Taylor · Keri Brickmann · Keri Ladbrook · Kerianne Harmon · Kerri Martin · Kerri
· Jenny Bower · Jenny Buhat · Jenny Campbell · Jenny Christmas · Jenny Coleman · Jenny Cooper                           Roberts · Kerri Taylor · Kerrin Riches · Kerry Gall · Kerryn Drever · Kertch Berzabal · Keryn
· Jenny de Peralta · Jenny Dominguez · Jenny Griffiths · Jenny Guanco · Jenny Halliday · Jenny                          Johnston-Dixon · Kevin Bowgett · Kevin Butcher · Kevin Durkin · Kevin Grimwood · Kevin Selner
Jackson · Jenny Kaur · Jenny Lane · Jenny Leader · Jenny Magsilang · Jenny Parker · Jenny Pasiol                        Maniego · Kevin Taylor · Keysha Ericksen · Khina Neupane · Khush Arora · Kianna Wang · Kie Kassal
· Jenny Penfold · Jenny Segundo · Jenny Simons · Jenny Thiele · Jenny Vaipapa · Jenny Wilson ·                          · Kiely Buttell · Kiera Bradford · Kieran Angus · Kieran Cox · Kieti Kalava · Kika Fosita · Kili Li · Kim
Jenny Wood · Jenny Wood · Jenny Zhang · Jeo James · Jerald Isleta · Jerald Sunto · Jeremiah                             Baker · Kim Brougham · Kim Buere · Kim Chayag · Kim Cunard · Kim Grundmann · Kim Hammersley
Barclay · Jeremy Fabio · Jeremy Moore · Jeremy Wood · Jeriah Balo · Jerin Joy · Jerlene Cruz ·                          · Kim Henry · Kim Housiaux · Kim Machado · Kim Manansala · Kim Nanscawen · Kim Perez · Kim
Jermae Aguilon · Jermaine Masangkay · Jerome Wong Yit · Jerry Shi · Jervilou Santiago · Jesilyn                         Wallace · Kim White · Kimberly Bakian · Kimi Donaldson · Kimlea Howard · Kimmy Beringuel · Kinu
Delgado · Jeska Beardsmore · Jesna Jose · Jess Bonustro · Jess Foster · Jess Hatfield · Jess Herkt                      Nagaya · Kira Slimin · Kira Wetere · Kiran Dhillon · Kiran Gudopp · Kiran Joseph · Kiran Joshi · Kiran
· Jess Jacques · Jess Jewell · Jess Lay · Jess Lewis · Jess Malaque · Jess McKnight · Jess Morris ·                     Kaur · Kiran Lata · Kiran Singh · Kirandeep Basram · Kirandeep Kaur · Kirandeep Kaur · Kirby
Jess Nathan · Jessa Getuya · Jesse Grove-Gowans · Jessica Apperley · Jessica Castro · Jessica                           Chunaco · Kirk Lubos · Kirk Serafica · Kirn Brar · Kirsten Bell · Kirsten Liggett · Kirsten Merrett ·
Crook · Jessica Csengo · Jessica Martin · Jessica Matheson · Jessica Rice · Jessica Taningco ·                          Kirstin Charters · Kirstin Jenkinson · Kirstin Murdoch · Kirsty Gunn · Kisa Faauli · Kisa Tanuvasa ·
Jessica Tonacao · Jessie Chu · Jessie McKay · Jessie Tang · Jessiely Vibandor · Jessy Arthur-                           Kishore Kurian · Kit Montilla · Kitty Tamayo · Klarissa Dacyon · Kolotita Makalio · Komal Goundar ·
Worsop · Jesty Nelson · Jevy Badilla · Jewel Galang · Jharmane Catolico · Jhiede Tormis · Jho                           Komal Komal · Komal Patel · Komalpreet Kaur · Koppel Sorono · Korinna Dela Cruz · Koshala
Magon · Jhonaliza Detera · Jhong Solen · Jhunnelle Tabay · Jiaxin Bu · Jibin John · Jie Zhang · Jie                     Waduwatta · Kreeti Kumar · Kris Domondon · Kris Perkins · Krishma Singh · Krishna Malcampo ·
Yu Zeng · Jihan Mayor · Jijo Laurence · Jiju Joy · Jil Chua · Jill Clark · Jill Gregson · Jill Job · Jill Patel         Krishna Nagalla · Krishna Rajput · Krissy Talavera · Krista Lee · Kristell Paqueo · Krister Borja ·
· Jill Smith · Jill Turner · Jill White-Northcroft · Jillian Cole · Jilsy Joy · Jim Allardyce · Jim Frost · Jim         Kristin Bayhon · Kristin Cadavis-Khiathani · Kristina Bonsol · Kristina Thomas · Kristine Baring ·
Jin · Jim Otimi · Jimaima Naikatini · Jimmy Clemente · Jimmy Franks · Jimmy Silich · Jimmy                              Kristine Bello · Kristine Dalauidao · Kristine Fegi · Kristine Llave · Kristine Ostrea · Kristine Pancho ·
Veidemanis · Jimmy Wei · Jince Jose · Jinell Fernandes · Jing Cui · Jing Meipieza · Jini Joy · Jinky                    Kristine Singh · Kristofer Toledo · Kristoff Bawayan · Krystal Manson · Krystyna Bostrovas · Kuldeep
Munoz · Jinky Romero · Jins Kurian · Jinsa Joseph · Jinsha Jiju · Jinson Abraham · Jinu Thomas ·                        Kaur · Kuldip Singh · Kulwinder Kaur · Kumar Mekala · Kurt Hiller · Kushla Raju · Kushma Gurung ·
Jiny Johny · Jiratha Khamsungnoen · Jisbin Siby · Jit Chhetri · Jo Anam · Jo Baker · Jo Bando · Jo                      Kyamala Magar · Kyan Rumbold · Kyla Ellis · Kyla Graf · Kyla van Heerden · Kyle Thomson · Kylie
Base · Jo Campbell · Jo Cant · Jo Clare · Jo De Los Angeles · Jo Dickson · Jo Duncan · Jo Foley · Jo                    Campbell · Kylie Dearing · Kylie Martin · Kylie Maxwell · Kylie Thomas · Kyoungmi Kim · La Drew ·
Goode · Jo Hender · Jo Hendry · Jo Hermogenes · Jo Hunt · Jo Johns · Jo Lim · Jo Luijk · Jo Mooney                      Lachmi Kanta · Ladine Hobson · Ladonna De Asis · Lady Canda · Lailanie Gray · Lailega Iosefa ·
· Jo Nelson · Jo Rojo · Jo Seed · Jo Turner · Jo Villaester · Jo Ward · Jo Webley · Jo-An Alipin · Jo-                  Laiza Peters · Lami Taua · Lana Boynton · Lana Fraser · Lana Tuipulotu · Lance Clendon · Lance
Anne Buhler · Jo-Anne Keating · Joan Lagman · Joan Rubio · Joana Caramoan · Joanna Forbes ·                             Fletcher · Lancy Lawrence · Lanei Dimaano · Laney Tomkins · Lanie Mabale · Lanna Schnetler ·
Joanna Gumangam · Joanna Legall-Misikini · Joanna Nituma · Joanna Taylor-Spedding · Joanne                              Lara Durand · Lara Formentera · Lara Giles · Larissa Sedouch · Larissa Te Ao · Larry Montoya ·




                                                                                                                  158
                                                                                             A NNUAL REP ORT 20 2 1




Latchmi Murti · Lateesha Douglas · Latoya Brownlee · Laura Blunsdon · Laura Carrington · Laura                              Mariya Antony · Mariya Johnson · Mariya Yacob · Marizz Maneng · Marjan Aghakarimi · Marjo Engel
Hawkes · Laura Herman · Laura Luague · Laura Manalaysay · Laura McCullough · Laura Menzies ·                                · Marjorie Gomez · Marjorie Guillemer · Marjorie Masangkay · Marjorie Sojor · Mark Adams · Mark
Laura Moffett · Laura Richmond · Laura Walker · Laura Whicker · Lauren Baldock · Lauren                                     Aliado · Mark Balute · Mark Clorion · Mark Cooley · Mark Cooper · Mark Dimaano · Mark Florendo ·
Beaumont · Lauren Clark · Lauren Heyes · Lauren Odgers · Lauren Strachan · Lauren Wells ·                                   Mark Gela · Mark Harper · Mark Nunn · Mark Owens · Marko Meingassner · Marlene Barbosa Da
Laurence Alojado · Laurence Llenes · Lavanya Perumandi · Lavina Varghese · Lavinia Kelly ·                                  Silva · Marmyl Robson · Marnie Castillo · Marnie Higgins · Marta Manicia · Martha Diprose · Martha
Lavpreet Kaur · Lawale Baigern · Lawrence Azul · Lawrence Manohara-Seelan · Laya Mary Veliyil                               Peka · Martin Collins · Martin Greenfield · Martin Lau · Martin Westley · Martina Himme · Martine
Shaji · Lazel Nieto Baungally · Lea Brown · Lea Sullivan · Lea Valdez · Leah Hand · Leah Ouano · Leah                       Mathews · Martley Mitikulena · Martyn Osborn · Marvie Rongavilla · Mary Bayona · Mary Boyce ·
Soliva · Leah Villaruz-Foo · Leah White · Lealyn Ramos-Llanera · Leanna Harding · Leanne Booth ·                            Mary Cho Aung · Mary Compoc-Canoy · Mary Cyriac · Mary Freeman · Mary Gipsy · Mary Gonzales
Leanne Fabish · Leanne Gillie · Leanne Hunter · Leanne King · Leanne McFarlane · Leanne                                     · Mary Jacob · Mary Kasperski · Mary MacLeod · Mary Nicy · Mary Papadopoulos · Mary Rongo ·
Nukunuku · Leanne O’Meara · Leanne Paekau · Leanne Stewart · Leanne Watson · Leba                                           Mary Shiju · Mary Tait · Mary Thompson · Mary Vasaya · Mary Wagwag · Mary Ann Domingo · Mary
Leqakowailutu · Lebron Suedad · Lee Gao · Lee Hancock · Lee Parkhill · Lee Rodgers · Lee Wilson ·                           Ann Noquilla · Mary Ann Velarde · Mary Grace Ladianghibong · Mary Jo Giray · Mary Jo Matullano
Lee-Anne Mahadeo · Leeba Babu · Leela Pathirannahelage · Leema Alias · Leen Porathur · Leena                                · Mary-Anne MacAskill · Mary-Anne Stone · Maryanne Gilmore · Marybeth Perez · Marylyn Narayan
Kumar · Leeza Stone · Lehanna Pio · Leia Bishop · Leigh Kench · Leigh Pakome · Leila Salac · Leilane                        · Maryvonne Gray · Masayo Burke · Mascha Florisson · Mason Woods · Matakeu Timms · Mathew
Alforo · Leilani Loibl-Beach · Leis de Vernon · Leisa Brown · Len Ferrer · Len Medalla · Lena Gawler                        Josipovic · Mathias Sackey · Mathura Arachana · Mati Fryer · Matt Bell · Matt de Jong · Matt Fane ·
· Lena Te Miha · Lenin Moncy · Leo Dumagan · Leo Hahn · Leo Salac Jr · Leon Hewitt · Leon van den                           Matt Hutchinson · Matt Orr · Matt Poskitt · Matt Sheehan · Matt Southwick · Matt Wright · Matthew
Berg · Leonie Kebbell · Leonie Taylor · Leroy Sisnett · Leshani Gunawardana · Leshika Arachchige ·                          Brown · Matthew Coates · Matthew Gowdy · Matthew Somosot · Maui Padilla · Mauree Parker ·
Lesila Tamale · Lesley Crampton · Lesley Harris · Lesley Pells · Lesley Te Maiharoa-Sykes · Leslie                          Maureen Glentworth · Maureen Johnson · Maurice Schroeder · Max Wilson · Maxine Hansen · May
Ortega · Lester Toms · Lester Salvosa · Letitia Corcoran · Leva Latu · Lewis Bradford · Lez Pencz ·                         Bilalat · May Bonicatto · May Carinan · May Checa · May De Los Santos · May Duong · May
Li Feng · Li Hayman · Li Ma · Lia Pou · Liam Claringbold · Liam Riddiford · Lianne Woolford · Libby                         Hemtanont · May Magsino · May Poligrates · May Raquepo · May Sino-Ag Sargento · Maya Daniel ·
Doran · Libby Esguerra · Libby Hetaraka · Lie Fiu · Liesl Kruger · Liezl de Waal · Ligaya Cobile · Ligi                     Maya Prasad · Maybel Bumanglag · Maychelle Bechayda · Mayda Bromley · Maye Agdigos · Mayumi
Johnson · Ligi Pailikutty · Ligy John · Lijo Ittoop · Likhwa Sigola · Lila Patel · Lili Dong · Lili Latu · Lili             Shinzaki · Mayuri Mistry · Meagan Leqakowailutu · Mealofa Faimalo · Meegan Potts · Meehee Kim ·
Talega · Lili Volpicelli · Lilian Ferreira · Liliana Romero · Lill Wawatai · Lillian Lian · Lilly-Belle James ·             Meena Meenakshi · Meenu Bandara · Meenu Devasia · Meenu Jose · Meenu Sheeja · Meet Kaur ·
Lily Elliott · Lily Forcadilla · Lily Fraser · Lily Graciano · Lily Isleta · Lily Nicolescu · Lily Xiao Ying · Lima         Meg Fraser · Megadryl Atas · Megan Ashton · Megan Coffey · Megan Dempsey · Megan Fowlie ·
Ugapo · Lin Lim · Lin McLaughlin · Lina Benedetti · Lina Tuimana · Linda Burnside · Linda Churchill ·                       Megan Green · Megan Grey · Megan Knight · Megan Willis · Meghan Blackwell-Hart · Mei Bitanga ·
Linda Lockington · Linda Maharjan · Linda McGill · Linda McKee · Linda Morey · Linda Odhiambo ·                             Mei Boderick · Mei Yu · Meidy Maza · Meise Misa · Mel Hamlin-Tuck · Mel Maxwell · Mel Tolete · Mela
Linda Pettigrew · Linda Reid · Linda Richards · Linda Skelton · Linda Soloman · Linda Street · Linda                        Matairavula · Mela Moceiwai · Melanie Asuncion · Melanie Reyes-Tagle · Melanie Torwick · Melannie
Vescherre · Linda Warren · Linda Yu · Lindsay Harrison · Lindsay O’Connor · Lindy Havinga · Lionel                          Marasigan · Melchor Velandria · Mele Ekenasio · Mele Leha · Mele Palelei · Mele Vaka · Mele Vi ·
Kho · Lionel Pillay · Lisa Carr · Lisa Crichton · Lisa Gilligan · Lisa Humphrey · Lisa Laforgia · Lisa                      Melesia Kautai · Meliame Nimmo · Melina Darvish · Melina Vasu · Melinda Opray · Melinda Reside ·
Leger · Lisa Marr · Lisa More · Lisa Neiman · Lisa Ngatai · Lisa Petana · Lisa Puklowski · Lisa Raika ·                     Melis Casimiro · Melissa Allan · Melissa Burgoyne · Melissa Caldwell · Melissa Clark · Melissa Cross
Lisa Robinson · Lisa Ross · Lisa Walton · Lisa Whitcombe · Lisha Alias · Lisi Fifita · Lit-Lit Lacerna ·                    · Melissa Escretor · Melissa Fluit · Melissa Greentree · Melissa Knight · Melissa Wayland · Melita
Lita Naude · Liviana Ketewai · Liyana Bandara · Liz Beresford · Liz Bradford · Liz Close · Liz Dilger ·                     Tivalu · Melkame Kebede · Mellissa Page · Melvin Manglicmot · Melvyn Khatri · Mely Cruz · Memoree
Liz Gill · Liz Hampton · Liz Hickling · Liz Keeman · Liz Nancollis · Liz Penman · Liz Thrush · Liz Wells ·                  Wishart · Menaka Silva · Mengyao Luo · Menik De Silva · Mennen Oebanda · Menno Blom · Mercy
Liza Dong · Liza Hendry · Liza Mierzejewski · Liza Siano · Lizell Umayam · Lizeth Monzalo · Lizz Read                       Ponniah · Mercy Sneddon · Mere Caginiveisaqa · Mere Korotuku · Mere Mana · Mere Manukonga ·
· Lizzy McKenzie · Lloyd Landiza · Lloyd Tipudan · Loa Tuiolemotu · Lochlan Wilson · Logan                                  Mere Nasoli · Mere Tabataba · Mereani Boi · Meredith Fricker · Merewalesi Rogasagasa · Meri
Fairbairn · Logan Sears · Loida Malanyaon · Loida Zarandona · Lois Battersby · Lois Chirume · Lois                          Janevska · Merin Puthenthara Joy · Merin Sabu · Merin Thomas · Meriya Dias · Merlin Varghese ·
Partridge · Lois Tooley · Lonita Tejano · Lordei Ledesma · Lorelle Brljevich · Loren De Chavia ·                            Merline Daniel · Merlyn Clarke · Merlyn Raciles · Merrin Jack · Merryl Espanol · Meryll Totanes · Merz
Lorena Sadler · Lorenza Macayba · Lorie Anderson · Lorie Bantugan · Lormie Talape · Lorna                                   Maximo · Meserat Mulegata Cherente · Mezzy Bi · Mhel Agpaoa · Mhel Alfaro · Mhel Bautista · Mhel
Alcasabas · Lorna Carter · Lorna Jenkin · Lorraine Barcibal · Lorraine Dawson · Lorraine Fuller ·                           Lopez · Mi Chaw · Mia Azogue · Mia Gallao · Mia Joseph · Mia Maranan · Mia McKinley · Mia Mihaila
Lorraine Hulse · Lorraine Kelly · Lorraine Knight · Lorraine Leigh · Lorraine Price · Lorraine Tippett ·                    · Mia Wong Yit · Miah Dunn · Miao Tian · Michael Ablan · Michael Aninon · Michael Apat · Michael
Lorraine White · Lotis Baldozano · Lotis Caranguian · Loto Foaese-Aiolupo · Lou Anisy · Lou                                 Balazo · Michael Borostyan · Michael Cummings · Michael Esguerra · Michael Ledama · Michael
Cabuyadao · Lou Camargo · Lou Moyle · Lou Tubig · Louie Dalida · Louis Rountree · Louis                                     Malicse · Michael Maranan · Michael Mcdonald · Michael Medina · Michael Mitchelson · Michael
Wolmarans · Louisa Bradburg · Louisa Liang · Louisa Lote · Louisa Morton · Louise Addis · Louise                            Pascual · Michael Sanders · Michael Spahn · Michaela Benkova · Michaela Claridge · Michaela
Brown · Louise Caudwell · Louise Davies-Collins · Louise Dawson · Louise James · Louise Nicholas                            Forgus · Michaela Manu-Adams · Michaela Reyes · Michaella Faaita · Michele Elenio · Michele
· Louise Rayner · Louise Tanner · Louise Woods · Lourde Riotoc · Lovaine Glariada · Love Valderrosa                         Morrison · Michelle Abad · Michelle Attard · Michelle Barnard · Michelle Berridge · Michelle Blackler
· Lovely Begum · Lovely Bieles · Lovely Chauhan · Lovepreet Kaur · Lu Southern · Lua Tauaneai · Luc                         · Michelle Blanchard · Michelle Canning · Michelle Child · Michelle Cowan · Michelle Dew · Michelle
Wong · Luca Chiavola · Lucia Meyer · Lucilee Balbarino · Lucky Schuster · Lucky Shakya · Lucresia                           Forgus · Michelle Forman · Michelle Garland · Michelle Greig · Michelle Houston · Michelle Legaspi ·
Caitor · Lucy Ayers · Lucy Banaba · Lucy Bothwell · Lucy Caldwell · Lucy Fan · Lucy Levi · Lucy                             Michelle Lewis · Michelle Lord-Roper · Michelle McDonnell · Michelle Paco · Michelle Parker ·
Mataki · Lucy Nordstrom · Lucy Ryan · Lucy Uro · Lucy van Deursen · Lucy Zhou · Luis Leh · Luis                             Michelle Perkins · Michelle Pickworth · Michelle Priest · Michelle Robinson · Michelle Shaw ·
Lencioni · Luisa Filimoehala · Luisa Giraldo Gallon · Luisa Rokotuiloma · Luke Flynn-Mackenzie ·                            Michelle Sims · Michelle Smith · Michelle Stewart · Michelle Sutherland · Michelle Tan · Michelle Ung
Luke Hutchinson · Luke Patience · Luna Touzel · Lupe Finau · Lusia Makihele · Lusiana Khan · Lusila                         · Michelle Vermeer · Michelle Wright · Mihiri Meemanage · Miho Tomoike · Mika Fuentes · Mika Kato
Perez · Lydia George · Lydia Lophus · Lydia Morintat · Lydia Renu · Lylene Nuguid · Lyn Aragon · Lyn                        · Mika Nacionales · Mika Reid · Mikaela Abraas · Mikayla Miller · Mike Adair · Mike Arsenio · Mike
Brown · Lyn Caylan · Lyn Elton · Lyn King · Lyn Menor · Lyn Metran · Lyn Nickel · Lyn Zalavarria ·                          Davidson · Mike Gebbie · Mike Munslow · Mike Narido · Mike Yang · Mikey Payumo · Mikey Villatuerte
Lynda Dean · Lynda Ellington · Lynda Goston · Lynda Hill · Lynda Schuler · Lynde DeAndres ·                                 · Miki Dablio · Mila Biaukula · Mila Slavinskaya · Mildred Gaspar · Miles Pancho · Millie Edwards ·
Lyndon Harper · Lyndon Taylor · Lyndsay Richards · Lyndy Direen · Lynette Darling · Lynette Neale                           Millie Fraser · Millie McKernan · Millie Stratta · Milly Bergshoeff · Milu Mathew · Mimi Anterea · Mimi
· Lynette Pido · Lynette Polley · Lynley Ballantine · Lynley Gillies · Lynn Buist · Lynn Charlton · Lynn                    Mendoza · Min Cho · Min Kim · Min Lee Phang · Mindy Duggan · Minerva Hosena · Mini Poulose ·
Garner · Lynn Matthews · Lynn Rollo · Lynne Bretherton · Lynne Domigan · Lynne Egging · Lynne                               Minty Walia · Miraina Rimon · Miranda Barnes · Mirasol Beattie · Miruna Karki · Misa Patterson ·
Kane · Lynne Lepoidevin · Lynton Parkinson · Lyree Sayers · Lyric Hoani · Lyssa Foreman · Ma                                Mitali Patel · Mitch Luby · Mitchell Griffin · Mitchell Johnson · Mitchell McCutcheon · Mitz Abucejo ·
Kathrina Concepcion · Ma Kriezl Ramos · Maaimoa Latu · Maan Singh · Mabel Mathews · Mable                                   Miyoung Kim · MJ Basilio · Mlete Asfaw · Moana Fifita · Moana Martin · Mohini Nand · Mohini
Stewart · Maddie Anthony · Maddie Prime · Maddy Jones · Madelein Brooks · Madeleine Dela Rosa                               Narayan · Mohini Olds · Molly Elliott · Molly Mathers · Molly Steel · Momena Begum · Mona Ali · Mona
· Madelyn Premacio · Madelynne Casison · Madhu Singh · Madison Gray · Madison Wright · Mae                                  Sami · Mona Singh · Monette Angadol · Monica Blanca · Monica Cho · Monica Manao · Monica Martir
Flores · Mae Resos · Mae Toreja · Maelene Gatinao · Maffy Coates · Maggie Cornelio · Maggie Kam                             · Monica Relucio · Monica Sebastian · Monika Monika · Monika Prasad · Monika Rani · Monika Yadav
· Maggie Malone · Maggie Roberts · Maha Ramachandran · Maia Clare · Maia Scott-Wheeler · Maia                               · Monima Thapa · Monique Awab · Monique Leeson · Monique Villalobos · Monique Voermanek ·
Seaward · Maia Tagod · Mak Eketi · Makelesi Vula · Malav Patel · Malcolm Tolman · Malcolm                                   Monish Kumar · Monita Mala · Montana Asovale · Monty Rose · Monu Pradhan · Moon Young Kim ·
Zuppicich · Maleesa Daniel · Malia Carter · Malia Savelio · Malia Va’afusuaga · Mallory Currier · Malo                      Morag Davidson · Moreen Kaur · Morgan Davis · Morgan Owen · Morne Wium · Morvana da Silva ·
Tauaneai · Mamata Gurung · Mamta Gusain · Man Wai Fung · Manasa Mohan · Manda Ross ·                                        Mouli Liyanaarachchi · Mounata Shrestha · Mounika Bathula · Mufida Nisha · Mukish Yelanchezian
Mandeep Gill · Mandeep Kaur · Mandeep Kaur · Mandy Clutterbuck · Mandy Errington · Mandy                                    · Muna Nonu · Munah Miller · Munaza Azmie · Muriel Apablaza Navarrete · Murphy Bartle · Murray
Hemmingsen · Mandy Jiang · Mandy Tarquinio · Mandy Tipoki · Mandy Uren · Mandy Wright · Mandy                               Bain · Murray Parkes · Mykie Scott · Mylah Morandarte · Mylen Lingaolingao · Mylene Bugo · Myra
Zhang · Mani Arora · Manilyn Calda · Maninder Kaur · Manisha Baniya · Manisha Gurung · Manisha                              Attwood · Myra Gotz · Myra Tonks · Myrna Hatosa · Myrna Tulloch · Myrtle Brown · Myungju Chung
Majhi · Manisha Mane · Manjali Abeysekara Mudiyanselage · Manjeet Kaur · Manjit Mahi · Manju                                · Nadee Asanka · Nadeera Talagala · Nadia Conn · Nadia Heggland · Nadine Diack · Nafeeza Manga
Benoy · Manju Bothara · Manjula Devi · Manmeet Kaur · Mannu Kaur · Manohari Mendis · Manpreet                               · Naina Benny · Naina Gupta · Naincy Rastogi · Naise Palusa · Naj Nahar · Najmoon Noorani · Nalanie
Gill · Manpreet Kaur · Manpreet Kaur · Manpreet Kaur · Manpreet Kaur · Manpreet Kaur · Manpreet                             Munasinghe · Namiko Uehara · Namita Puri · Namita Shyam · Namrata Joshi · Nancy Hayden ·
Kaur · Manpreet Sekhon · Mantha Thou · Manu Mathew · Manu Sherchan · Manuela Jaramillo                                      Nancy Kumaradhas · Nancy Strapp · Nancy Taua · Nancy Wan · Nancy Watta · Nancy Wilson ·
Gonzalez · Manwinder Sangha · Mara Hernando · Marama Lomia · Marc Archbold · Marc Ytom ·                                    Nandie Maung · Nandika Silva · Nandini Ram · Nani Bulicakau · Nani Rokotuisuva · Nanise Bulicakau
Marcelle Sherwood-Whall · Marcia Bernardo · Marcia Geronimo · Marcus Cullen · Marcus Gildon ·                               · Nao Osato · Naoko Matsuo · Naomi Busby · Naomi Kaba · Naomi Keegan · Naomi Silva · Naomi
Marcus Rimington · Marcy Dolar · Maree Crozier · Maree Hughes · Maree McCorkindale · Maree                                  Tulaga · Naomi Vaea · Narmadha Dissanayake · Narumon Murray · Nashvin Natke · Nat McIlwain ·
Morris · Maree Ockwell · Maree Vaile · Maree Washbourne · Mareike Bohte · Mareta Tokannata ·                                Natalei Down · Natalia Poulsen-Smith · Natalie Finn · Natalie Fox · Natalie Randall · Natalie Saunders
Marg Vicente · Marg Vince · Margaret Chambers · Margaret Haami · Margaret Hamilton · Margaret                               · Natalie Thomson · Nataliya Tretyakova · Natalya Medlock · Natana Gisma · Natasha Esterhuizen ·
Lethbridge · Margaret Manson · Margaret Osage · Margaret Rakai · Margie Bell · Margo Beale ·                                Natasha Henderson · Natasha Rattray · Nathan Ellis · Nathan McPherson · Nathan Salanoa ·
Margot Boock · Margot Taylor · Mari Gomes-Bradford · Mari Isnit · Maria Achari · Maria Aguilos ·                            Nathan Tahi · Nav Hehar · Nav Singh · Navdeep Kaur · Navdeep Kaur · Navdeep Kaur · Naveen Allam
Maria Baby · Maria Bautista · Maria Bayan · Maria Bunsato · Maria Cavan · Maria Cuizon · Maria                              · Naveen Pasunooti · Navjeet Multani · Navjot Brar · Navjot Kaur · Navjot Kaur · Navneet Kaur ·
Flores · Maria Fong · Maria Francisco · Maria Fuga · Maria Gregorio · Maria Havea · Maria Inocencio                         Navneet Kaur · Navneet Navneet · Navpreet Kaur · Nazia Habib · Neekayla McGimpsey · Neeru
· Maria Isnit · Maria James · Maria Jordan · Maria Joseph · Maria Kurian · Maria Martinez · Maria                           Barot · Neethu Babu · Neethu Maxin · Neha Arora · Neha Sehrawat · Nehal Patel · Neil Davies · Neil
Mathieson · Maria McNeilly · Maria Neill · Maria Nuval · Maria Ralawa · Maria Ramos · Maria Restrepo                        Grinter · Neil Sears · Neil Sunil · Neil Watson · Nela Sepuloni · Nelly Chand · Nelly Joseph · Nelson
· Maria Rivera · Maria Soares · Maria Torralba · Maria Walker · Maria Warriner · Marian De La Cruz ·                        Pajarillage · Nemo Arriola · Nena Aglosolos · Nena Balbis · Neneth Alicamen · Neri Macolbacol ·
Marian Magpantay · Mariane Vicente · Marianel Miralles · Marianita Pelaez · Marianne Cobeldick ·                            Nessa Ojales · Nestor Monterozo · Nesum Selliah · Nett Taghoy · Nette Gabriel · Neville Dobson ·
Marianne Heikkila · Marianne Hernandez · Marianne Regala · Marianne Ventura · Maricar Blancaflor                            Neville Parkinson · Ngaire Moreton · Ngapine Popata · Ngas Gideon · Ngosi Smith-Licorish · Nhu
· Maricar Santos · Maricel Angeles · Maricel Atienza · Marichelle Roxas · Marichille Bandales ·                             Nguyen · Niamh McGuigan · Nibin Antony · Nic Thorpe · Nick Bond · Nick Frische · Nick Hew · Nick
Marichu Calpo · Marichu Siao · Marie Aki · Marie Araneta · Marie Chandra · Marie Darling · Marie                            Lamb · Nick Male · Nick Phimwong · Nick Wilson · Nicki Hawker · Nicki McLaren · Nicki Wilson ·
Deverell · Marie Domingue · Marie George · Marie Gonzales · Marie Hodges · Marie Jenkins · Marie                            Nickie Tani · Nicky Anderson · Nicky Bercich · Nicky Crawford · Nicky Phillips · Nicky Smith · Nicky
Molina · Marie Percy · Marie Rutherford · Mariel Simblante · Mariela Durnhofer Rubolino · Marien                            Whithair · Nicola Bowick · Nicola Fagan · Nicola Keast · Nicola Martin · Nicola Mitchell · Nicola Steel
Fabillar · Marievan Tan · Marife Galvez · Marife Patterson · Marika Laflamme · Marilou Callo · Marina                       · Nicola Tarleton · Nicole Dunn · Nicole Forster · Nicole Hurford · Nicole Langman · Nicole Mills ·
John · Marina Wildbore · Marion Gordobe · Marion Jackson · Marion Paquit · Marion Ver Esguerra ·                            Nicole Sombrea · Nicole Toomey · Nicole Trautvetter-Grodotzki · Nicole Uy · Nicole Yeatman · Nicy
Maris Banal · Maris Taueki · Mariss Yamson · Marissa Hirawani · Marites Suaring · Marivic Sinio ·                           Abraham · Nida Hassan · Nidhi Patel · Nigel Geonanga · Nigel Megaw · Nik Ekdahl · Nika Lafaele ·




                                                                                                                      159
                                                                                      RY MAN HEALT HCARE



Nikhil Johnson · Nikhil Shetty · Nikhil Thilakan · Niki De La Harpe · Niki Veeran · Nikita Dhungana ·               Bonacua · Ric Diaz · Ricardo Onate · Ricardo Pureza · Richa Hirani · Richa Kumar · Richard Bennett
Nikita McIntosh-Zuppicich · Nikita Van Niekerk · Nikka Bermejo · Nikki Babbington · Nikki Careford                  · Richard Chisholm · Richard Crump · Richard Dackers · Richard French · Richard Greathead ·
· Nikki Edwards · Nikki Hill · Nikki Johns · Nikki Kirner · Nikki Wester · Nikola Karlikova · Nikolai               Richard Sherrell · Riche Campaniel · Richelle Martin · Richelle Villanueva · Rick Davies · Ricky
Balanski · Nila Boocock · Nila Jayasuriya · Nilda Pagba · Nileshni Devi · Nili Gyawali · Nilma Pettagam             Bruining · Ricky Ciobanu · Ricky Lawrence · Riffy Jahan-Khan · Riji Johny · Rika Hiramatsu · Rika
· Nilmini Rajapaksa · Niluka Samarakoon · Nima Kankanamge · Nimi Jacob · Nimisha Bulsara ·                          Kawakami · Riki Dobbs · Rikita Kunwar · Rikki Sran · Rindi Harmse · Rio Lagahit · Ripeka Neera ·
Nimisha Maharjan · Nimisha Shah · Nimmy Thomas · Nina Archvarin · Nina Bulgakova · Nina Kluge ·                     Rishi Kumar · Rishi Mangalat Kokkodan · Rita Chand · Rita Connolly · Rita Duffy · Ritu Devi · Ritu
Nina Melocotones · Nina Russell · Nina Wozniak · Ninja Chahal · Ninu Augusthy · Nira Gifkins · Niraj                Sami · Riya Darshani Ram · Riya George · Riya Mahna · Rizza Moron · Rob Carter · Rob Maier · Rob
Khatiwada · Nirali Patel · Nirmala Sharma · Nirosa Perera · Niru Chouhan · Nisha Ismail · Nisha                     Miller · Rob Mita · Rob Prior · Rob Shone · Rob Treanor · Rob Wilson · Robbie Blair · Robbie Muller ·
Maharjan · Nisha Thapa · Nita Rataro · Nita Yu · Nitah Rungroungkul · Nithara Jose · Nithila                        Robby Mendoza · Robert Benadie · Robert Gallagher · Robert Honoridez · Robert Madden ·
Thangamony · Nithin Cheriyan · Nittu Mathew · Nivya Paul · Nixie Carter · Nizar Virani · Noah                       Roberta Baxendale · Robin Singh · Robyn Elder · Robyn Erasmus · Robyn Kerr · Robyn McCracken
Graham · Nochelle Visitacion · Noelene Kitto · Noeline Plowman · Noeline Watson · Noema Leota ·                     · Robyn Murray · Robyn Nicholson · Robyn Nicholson-Pepe · Robyn Sullivan · Robyn Thompson ·
Noemie Flores · Nola Dyers · Nona Chase · Nonie Alicamen · Nora Arango Bedoya · Nora Esplago ·                      Robyn Tomkins · Robyn Tutton · Rochelle Bibal · Rochelle Chau-Lacerna · Rochelle Cohen ·
Nora Tjandrawidjaja · Noreen Zamora · Norman Beattie · Nova Santiago · Nuwan Rathanyake · Nye                       Rochelle Colas · Rochelle Coleman · Rochelle Concha · Rochelle Craigie-Whitta · Rochelle Davis ·
Vyas · Oakley Miller · Odessa Abellana · Odette Whitter · Ofa Lolohea · Oksana Kotlyar · Olive Balli ·              Rochelle Hart · Rochelle Labial · Rochelle Li · Rochelle Mack · Rochelle McIntyre · Rocky Atendido
Oliver Konigstorfer · Olivia Antonievich · Olivia Chiang · Olivia Clover · Olivia Ferrer · Olivia Gilmore           · Rod Quan · Roddy Sangalang · Rodela Caldea · Roger Nuttall · Roger Thorpe · Rohini Devi · Rohini
· Olivia Moorman · Olivia Stacy · Olivia Tustin · Olivia van de Klundert · Ollie Parvin · Om Prasad ·               Gayakwad · Rohini Gurung · Rohini Lal · Rohini Lata · Rohini Lata · Rois Gracia · Rojina Dhakal ·
Omar Damatac · Onanong Bunjumnong · Orada Wisatwongsa · Oreil Siketi · Oscar Lowy · Oshanthi                        Roland Altamia · Roma Tarranza · Roman Sluga · Romina Carangalan-Rosales · Romisha Timsina ·
Maheshika Liyanage · Osien Andaya · Otep Sacristan · Owen De Does · Owen Duncan · Oyahida                           Romy Wimalaratne · Ron Anand · Ron Ente · Ron Llanera · Rona Avila · Rona Mendoza · Rona
Tumpa · Paewai Tume · Paige Cull · Paige Flashoff · Paige Harrison · Paige Linneweever · Paige-Ellen                Tabada · Ronald De Jesus · Ronald Emilio · Ronaliza Labang · Ronalyn Alolor · Ronalyn Corpuz ·
Field · Palack Sharma · Pam Harliwich · Pam Malang · Pam McCreedy · Pam Mino · Pam Mirk · Pam                       Roni Mathew · Roni Mathew · Ronita Prasad · Ronna Torregosa · Ronny Liew · Ronny Taane · Roop
Regis · Pami Kariyapperuma · Pankti Modh · Paola Adolfo · Paola Beltran · Paolo Robles ·                            Bhullar · Roopa Shetty · Roopa Roopa · Rory Edwards · Rory Harris · Rosa Dalgleish · Rosa Hye-
Parampreet Kaur · Paras Kundra · Pardeep Brar · Pardeep Kaur · Paris Laurence · Parminder Kaur ·                    Won · Rosa Pendijito · Rosa Tipa · Rosalind Hayhoe · Rosanne Gee · Rosaria Manjala · Rose Avery ·
Parminder Sandhu · Parmjeet Kaur · Parmjit Kaur · Parth Patel · Parvathy Nair · Parvati Gandhi ·                    Rose Baby · Rose Carina · Rose Coulson · Rose Jenkins · Rose Kaur · Rose Lawlor · Rose Noval ·
Parveen Brar · Parveena Naicker · Parvinder Kaur · Parwati Kriletich · Parwinder Kaur · Pasepa                      Rose Recentes · Rose Tabasan · Rose Taylor · Rose Tom · Rose Velilla · Rose Walker · Roseanne
Veilofia · Pat Belcher · Pat McKee · Pat More · Pat Sleeman · Pat Turner · Patricia Dela Cruz · Patricia            Maxwell · Rosebelle Presilda · Rosecilla Saulon · Roselee Mudalige · Roseline Sharma · Roselle
Hewitt · Patricia Mabunga · Patricia Nand · Patricia Robles · Patrick Fitzgerald · Patty Khunkaew ·                 Camatis · Roselle Plata · Roselle Rensulat · Rosemary Deane · Rosette Jarabe · Roshan Calustre ·
Paul Blackler · Paul Boyle · Paul Camania · Paul Child · Paul Clark · Paul Gurr · Paul Guy · Paul Korunic           Roshila Cherman · Roshini De Silva · Roshmen Hussain Ali · Roshni Hicks · Roshni Jeet · Roshni
· Paul Lenette · Paul Martillana · Paul McLeod · Paul O’Carroll · Paul Shiel · Paul Sutcliffe · Paul Sutton         Lata · Roshni Raja · Roshni Reddy · Rosie Butler · Rosie Kaur · Rosie Malone · Rosie Neilson · Rosie
· Paul Tsang · Paul Viernes · Paula Fa’aoso · Paula Gutierrez · Paula Kennard · Paula Moyles · Paulette             Williams · Rosina Bano · Roslyn Prentice · Ross Duxfield · Ross Howes · Ross Ireland · Ross
Sheehan · Paulina Woch · Pauline Cody · Pauline Field · Pauline Groves · Pauline Liao · Pauline Linton              Johanson · Ross Sutherland · Rosy Khokhar · Roula Yianakis · Rowan Moustaid · Rowena Battad ·
· Pauline Murray · Pauline Nickson · Pauline O’Brien · Pauline Robinson · Pauline Rousseaux · Pauline               Rowena Birch · Rowena Daan · Rowena McClutchie · Rowena Newport · Rowena Wood · Roxanne
Waby · Paulini Singh · Paulo Moreira · Pawan Virk · Paz Chan · Paz Checchecan · Peachie Tagaan ·                    Balidio · Roxanne Mores · Roxanne Rosquita · Roxanne Shaw · Roy Staite · Rozalpreet Kaur ·
Peachy Wee · Pedro del Estal · Peggy Chao · Peggy Tonta · Pele Elia · Pele Vaaga · Pelise Muiaa ·                   Rozmin Rasheed · Ruaan Van Den Berg · Ruben Kumar · Ruby Brar · Ruby Galviz · Ruby Johny ·
Penelope Stark · Peni Raroa · Penny Honey · Penny Kaye · Pepa Memea · Pepe Toe · Perla Torreja ·                    Ruby Kanwar · Ruby Kaur · Ruby Mitchell · Ruby Shrestha · Ruchi Thakur · Ruel Alcaria · Ruel Infante
Persis Chavan · Pete Dayo · Peter Bellam · Peter Erian · Peter Gertos · Peter Hollins · Peter Jonson ·              · Rufaida Khaled · Rufaro Ndoro · Rufino Gonzaga · Rui Liu · Ruling Huang · Rupa Sherma · Rupi Kaur
Peter Macintosh · Peter Smith · Peter Ware · Peter Whelan · Petra Klingbeil · Petrice Vincent · Petta               · Rupinder Dhaliwal · Rupinder Kaur · Rupinder Kaur · Rupinder Kaur · Rupinder Kaur · Rupinder
Danny · Pha Taylor · Phailin Chumsombat · Phil Haynes · Phil Price · Phil Quartly · Phil Yarrall · Philip           Kaur · Rupinderjit Kaur · Ruru Zhang · Russell Dobson · Russell Keetley · Russell Reazon · Ruth
Jackson-Cox · Philip Mathew · Philip Mealings · Philip Spinks · Philippa White · Phill Larner · Phillip             Bullock · Ruth Cammell · Ruth Gavey · Ruth Makin · Ruth Murray · Ruth Payumo · Ruth Waterhouse
Hamilton · Phillipa A’Court · Phoebe Edwardes · Phoebe Laureano · Phoebe Neho · Phoebe Ona ·                        · Ruthgil Embalsado · Ruthy Rabo · Ruthy Van Heerden · Ruwan Colombage · Ryan Bensberg · Ryan
Phoebe Orola · Phoebe Premacio · Phoebe Tumata · Phoebe Verdadero · Phoebie Wesche · Pieta                          Evans · Ryan Haans · Ryan Jarvis · Ryan Junaid · Ryan McLaren · Ryan Patron · Ryan Tri Duc · Ryan
Valentine · Pieter Kruger · Pilar Merino Neyra · Pinal Parmar · Pine Konelio · Pinkal Patel · Pinki                 Verbo · Ryan Winks · Rymel Polittude · Saakshi Sunnaina · Sabarine Asif · Sabby Barara · Sabita
Thapa · Pinky Anibo · Pinky Ariar · Pinky Evangelista · Pip Griffin · Pip Nolan · Pip Smith · Pip Wayne             Bhattarai · Sabitri Gajurel · Sabnam Pun · Sabrina Cheema · Sabrina De Souza · Sabrina Nutarelli ·
· Pita Bhattarai · PK Karan · Polly Matheson · Polly Maxwell · Poly Judicpa · Pooja Khaire · Pooja Patel            Sadhana Devi · Sadhana Wati · Saggita Devi · Sai Ramisetti · Saifun Nisha · Saijy Lijo · Sajeeve
· Poonam B K · Poonam Chauhan · Poonam Kumar · Poonam Mudliyar · Poonam Rani · Poppy                                Rajasuriya · Sajin Mathew · Sake Kovuri · Saku Illaventhan · Sakura Shirakawa · Sala Eastwood · Sala
Griffin-King · Portia Chatadza · Prabath Meegoda Gamage · Prabh Kaur · Prabh Kaur · Prabhjot                        Manase · Sala Tagata · Salani Penisula · Sale Elisara · Saleem Richards · Salie Alcartado · Sally
Sodhi · Pracey Cheriyan · Prachi Didmishe · Pradip Khadka · Pragnesh Limbachiya · Pragya Mahat                      Giddens · Sally Haslam · Sally Hayashi · Sally Itaea · Sally Johanson · Sally Sampson · Sally Uolo ·
· Prajith Ramakrishnan · Prakash Singh · Praneel Singh · Pranisha Shrestha · Prashant Khaire ·                      Sally Veng · Sally Waldek · Sallyann Galodamu · Salochana Naidu · Saloma Faaaoga · Salome Ale ·
Prasita Prasannan · Pratiksha Wagle · Pratima Ghimire Adhikari · Pratima Singh · Pravin Singh ·                     Salote Tuivakano · Salve Lastimoso · Sam Anderson-Williamson · Sam Arcus · Sam Carter · Sam
Precy Bond · Preema Jose · Preena Davis · Preet Kaur · Preet Kaur · Preet Kaur · Preet Kaur · Preethi               Cassidy · Sam Grave · Sam Hibbs · Sam Hudson · Sam Kingsbury · Sam Lingan · Sam Mahapure ·
Meares · Preeti Preeti · Preetyka Preetyka · Prema Gavarriah · Premitha Silva · Preston Wastney ·                   Sam Manson · Sam Nicholls · Sam Pewhairangi-Stok · Sam Price · Sam Rusden · Sam Seal · Sam
Prince Pagtanac · Princess Catostos · Princess Tabay · Princy Xavier · Priscilla Francis · Priscilla                Shirkey · Sam Singh · Sam Sukan · Sam Thomlinson · Sam Tobias · Sam Twyman · Sam van den
Mihaere · Pritee Gurung Lama Lopchan · Priti Devi · Pritika Devi · Pritisha Kumar · Priya Chand ·                   Heever · Sam Wheeler · Sam Williams · Sam Woolford · Samantha Christensen · Samantha
Priya Goundar · Priya Gurung · Priya Narayan · Priya Prakash · Priya Priya · Priya Reddy · Priya                    McPherson · Samantha Morris · Samara Hodges · Sami Adhikari · Sami Maharjan · Samiksha
Sharma · Priya Sharma · Priyanka Chhetri · Priyanka Sharma · Priyanka Silswal · Priyanka Tandon ·                   Dhakal · Samira Khan · Samista Subedi · Samjhana Rocka · Sammi Zhang · Sammy Caffell · Samuel
Priyankaben Chaudhari · Priyanthi Perera · Prox Tiwari · Prudy Macdonald · Puja Malla · Punam                       Cheah · Samuel Julian · Samuel Shijo · Sandeep Johal · Sandeep Kaur · Sandeep Kaur · Sandeep
Kafle · Puneet Bhardwaj · Purissa Abalo · Purnima Devi · Pushpa Balodi · Qiannan Chen · Qin Xueqin                  Kaur · Sandeep Kaur · Sandeep Kaur Khalsa · Sandeep Sidhu · Sandeep Waraich · Sandi Keen ·
· Queen Samosa · Queenie Cabatingan · Queenie Liu · Quinn van Vierzen · Rabyn Reveche · Rach                        Sandie Campbell · Sandie Eddy · Sandra Adegbesan · Sandra Bacic · Sandra Batten · Sandra
Wates · Rachael Boyd · Rachael Davey · Rachael Hearn · Rachael Jepson · Rachael Lahmert ·                           Berridge · Sandra Champion · Sandra Chapman · Sandra Duckworth · Sandra Hendriks · Sandra
Rachael Manson · Rachael Mason · Rachael Seyb · Rachael Tuhi · Rachael Van Aalst · Racheal                          Hodson · Sandra Houston · Sandra McGlade · Sandra Officer · Sandra Rogers · Sandra Severinsen
Trinidad · Rachel Alford · Rachel Beattie · Rachel Borthwick · Rachel Bulatiko · Rachel Cadzow ·                    · Sandra Siakifilo · Sandra Stacey · Sandy Burton · Sandy Hayer · Sandy Kaur · Sandy Kaur · Sandy
Rachel Clark · Rachel Garrard · Rachel James · Rachel Joseph · Rachel Lalor · Rachel Lim · Rachel                   Kaur · Sandy Kurukularatne · Sandy Paterson · Sandy Patterson · Sandy Pihema · Sangeeta Lata ·
Llido · Rachel McIvor · Rachel Ratcliffe · Rachel Ren · Rachel Smedley · Rachel Wangui · Rachel                     Sangeeta Shrestha · Sangya Thapa · Sanita Kumar Bai · Sanjana Khadka · Sanjay Rivera · Sanjaya
Williams · Rachelle Jones · Rachelle Nuevo · Rachna Mahesh · Radhika Lingam · Radhika Reddy ·                       Sidath Madhusanka · Sanjita Gurung · Sanjita Ratnam · Sanjita Rayamajhi Karki · Sanjuni Thapa ·
Raeana Ulupano · Raewyn Bishop · Raewyn McLachlan · Raewyn Redfern · Raewyn Sides · Raewyn                          Sanna McGavin · Sanumol Antony · Sany Sany Kalappurakkal · Sapana KC · Sapna Walia · Sara
Slade · Raewyn Taylor · Raewyn Ward · Raewyn Woolliams · Raewyn Wright · Raewynne Daly · Raf                        Bray · Sara Fearnley · Sara Hodgson · Sara Kaur · Sara Kuruvila · Sara Lukic · Sara McCunnie · Sara
Lachica · Rafelle Tantia · Rahat Arif · Rahul Suresh · Rahul Sahil Rahul · Raissa Manicad · Raj Grewal              Vahua · Sarah Affleck · Sarah Andrews · Sarah Arps · Sarah Davis · Sarah Direen · Sarah Ellis · Sarah
· Raj Kaur · Raj Kaur · Raj Radhakrishnan · Raj Velumula · Raja Thirumugam · Rajan Kumar · Rajani                   Farrell · Sarah Guo · Sarah Henderson · Sarah Keane · Sarah Kim · Sarah Laiz · Sarah Leaf · Sarah
Acharya · Rajbir Kaur · Rajesh Bansal · Raji Naguleswaran · Rajneel Shankar · Rajni Punia · Rajveer                 Lomax · Sarah Lovelady · Sarah Maxwell · Sarah McCardle · Sarah McKenna · Sarah Munoz · Sarah
Brar · Rajvir Kaur · Rajwinder Kaur · Rajwinder Kaur · Rajwinder Kaur · Raken Abiteti · Ralph                       Reid · Sarah Schmidt · Sarah Taylor · Sarah Tomas · Sarah Vesi · Sarah Vivian · Sarah Wallace ·
Cayanan · Ralph Wang · Ram Amancio · Ram Martir · Rama Niroula · Raman Gill · Raman Kaur ·                          Sarah Walsh · Sarah-Jane Hamblin · Sarai Smith · Sarath Kundathil · Saravjeet Kaur · Sarda
Raman Kaur · Raman Kumar · Ramandeep Kaur · Ramandeep Kaur · Ramandeep Kaur ·                                       Gounder · Sarika Asokan · Sarika Prasad · Sarina Hubber · Sarina Shrestha · Sarit Epshteyn · Sarita
Ramandeep Kaur · Ramandeep Kaur · Ramandeep Sharma · Ramanpreet Dhillon · Ramanpreet                                Kumar · Sarita Prasad · Saritha Kaithavalappil · Saritha Mathew · Saroj Chauhan · Sarojitharai
Syal · Ramon Supit · Ramya Bellam · Randeep Kaur · Randeep Kaur · Randeep Kaur Parihar ·                            Srikanthan · Sarojni Kumar · Sarojni Sarojni · Sarsha Pedersen-Burbery · Sarvin Selvarajan · Sasha
Randolph Colas · Rani Blake · Rani Thomas · Ranjana Gurung · Ranjit Kaur · Ranjit Kaur · Ranshan                    Laiz · Sashi Hutchins · Sashi Lata · Sashi Prasad · Sasi Chakrapani · Saskia Hannink · Satbir Kaur ·
Nanayakkara · Raoul Bravo · Raphael Rausch · Raquel Bibal · Raquel Rapp · Rasanjana                                 Satinder Kaur · Sau Atinae · Savannah Amies · Savannah Kemp · Savannah Tuapawa · Savita
Kumarasinghe · Rashmi Gurung · Rashmika Senevirathne · Ravandeep Dhaliwal · Ravanjit Sidhu ·                        Kumari · Savita Reddy · Savitri Naidu · Savitri Naidu · Scott Baylis · Scott Crawford · Scott Newey ·
Raven Bitancor · Ravi Kothuru · Ravneet Kaur · Rawinia Tahi · Ray Fairbairn · Raya Aganon · Raziya                  Scott Perry · Scott Thompson · Scott Wallace · Sean Crosby · Sean Jenkins · Sean Morgan · Sean
Nisha · Razyl Canlas · Rebecca Bullock · Rebecca Burgess · Rebecca Croudace · Rebecca Fielding                      Ortuoste · Seannice Caliboso · Sebastian Hecker · Seekku Silva · Seema Gangar · Seema Parmar ·
· Rebecca Hart · Rebecca Hill · Rebecca Keen · Rebecca Knight · Rebecca Little · Rebecca Lomax                      Seema Thapa · Seenal Prasad · Seetha Mwashomah · Seirosa Fakaofo · Selina Khatun · Selja Johny
· Rebecca Malaki · Rebecca McKinley · Rebecca McMillan · Rebecca Mushet · Rebecca Orr ·                             · Senijiale Fuakilau · Seniya Sebastian · Senjalin Shankar · Senolita Vea · Sequoia Aitken · Serah
Rebecca Schumacher · Rebecca Waine · Rebekah Mercer · Rechelle Gonzales · Reema Devi ·                              Wong · Sha Panapa · Sha Sun · Shabana Jawaid · Shabin Basheer · Shabnam Ali · Shai
Reena Chandar · Reena Kumar · Reena Waiba · Reet Mann · Reeta Singh · Reeve Lithgow · Regina                        Venkitachalam · Shairin Begum · Shakira Kalam · Shaleeni Goundan · Shalesni Kumari · Shalika
Gounder · Reginald Abellana · Rehana Sharif · Rei Paranihi · Reina Bonaobra · Reina Manten · Reina                  Wijethilaka · Shalimar Bawayan · Shalini Shah · Shaluka Pathiraja · Shalveni Narayan · Shaly Lazer ·
Saludares · Reis Lectura · Rejena Galimba · Rejena Lazar · Rejina Khadka · Rekha Dawson · Rekha                     Shameena Abdurahiman · Shamshad Begum · Shamsun Partap · Shan Centeno · Shanai Wagener
Manral · Rekha Ramanath · Rekha Rekha · Remya Rajagopal · Ren Abarca · Rena Allen · Rene                            · Shane Fairbairn · Shane Ferguson · Shane Mudgway · Shane Ormshaw · Shane Pereira · Shane
Bryant · Renee Green · Renee Mahe · Renee Perreau · Renee Phythian · Renee Tauwhare · Renisha                       Vargas · Shani Rathnayaka · Shania Wootton · Shanika Mudiyanselage · Shanimol Joseph · Shanlee
Senchyury · Renjith Pariyarath Raveendran Nair · Renuka Chuwan · Renuka Gounder · Renuka                            Barnes-Webber · Shanno Chand · Shannon Butler · Shannon Conway · Shanthi Fernando · Shanthy
Kant · Renuka Renuka · Reshma Mala · Reshma Mathew · Reshma Mathew · Reshma Scott · Reshmi                          Gopal · Shanti Prasad · Shaqueena Kerr · Sharalyn Pomare · Sharan Brar · Sharan Kaur ·
Lata · Reshmi Narayan · Reshmi Rao · Ressa Larkin · Reuben Mahendran · Revlin Ratishma ·                            Sharandeep Kaur · Shareen Devi · Sharil Narayan · Sharl Absin · Sharleen Warren · Sharlene Garcia
Reydun Kihi · Reyn Dilag · Rhian Sharman · Rhianne Overell · Rhona Miranda · Rhonda Evans ·                         · Sharlene Peters · Sharmaine Nieves · Sharmila Lal · Sharmila Prasad · Sharmila Sharma · Sharol
Rhondda Carter · Rhyarna Batchelor · Ria Jamin · Riana van Niekerk · Riarawa Tematau · Ric                          Sunny · Sharon Armstrong · Sharon Balsom · Sharon Chapman · Sharon Denniston · Sharon




                                                                                                              160
                                                                                    A NNUAL REP ORT 20 2 1



Grogan · Sharon Hamlyn · Sharon Henderson · Sharon Jackson · Sharon Maich · Sharon McDonald                       Tatenda Jack · Tau Faatoto Malaga · Tau Kalepo · Tayla Anderson · Tayla Ball · Tayla Beck · Tayla
· Sharon Ritchie · Sharon Tainui · Sharon Wilton · Sharron Lamb · Sharron Neale · Sharyn Basham ·                 Markwick · Tayla Wiperi · Taylor Allison · Taylor Lawson-Smith · Taylor Murphy-Peters · Tayyaba
Sharyn Elliott · Sharyn Kennedy · Sharyn Ward · Sharyn Weightman · Shashi Lata · Shaun Kennedy                    Latif · Te Kopa Reedy · Te Rangi White · Tee Nathan · Tee Rakena · Teele Prints · Teema Tom · Teenu
· Shaun Steele · Shay Singh · Shayal Naidu · Shayal Raju · Shaylin Simadari · Shazneen Bi · Sheemal               Skaria · Tehanie Azcona · Tek Namoori · Tekai Tuneti · Telma Tom · Temi Fayomi · Tenille Pickett ·
Shiwani · Sheen Reyes · Sheena Benitez · Sheena David · Sheena Morgan · Sheena Taki · Sheena                      Tererei Koura · Teresa Bakewell · Teresa Churchill · Teresa Jurkiewicz · Teresa Sinclair · Teresa
Villa · Sheena Wiel · Sheenal Chand · Sheetal Bhudia · Sheethal Joseph · Sheevey Quezon · Sheila                  Turner · Terese Izquierdo · Tereza Honkova · Teri Murdoch · Terri McKenzie · Terri Smith · Terri
Bascara · Sheila Gamboa · Sheila Nelgas · Sheila Opena · Shelah Manaloto · Shelby Bercich ·                       Taylor · Terry Bacon · Terry Geoghegan · Tesa Leano · Teshi Khatiwoda · Tess Canoy · Tess
Shellden Kruyff · Shelley Austin · Shelley Ferguson · Shelley Harris · Shelley Lester · Shelly Castillo ·         Danganan · Tess Desai · Tess Gutierrez · Tess Mallari · Tessa Edwards · Thabitha Joby · Thamara
Shelly Mani · Shelly Snodgrass · Shelomy Dollaga · Shemery Sevilleno · Shenal Shivasani · Sheng                   Fernando · Thanz Lachica · Thavy Mey · Thea Robiso · Theja Kudahetti · Thejani Sasanthika ·
Puguon · Shequille Stewart · Sherine Megula · Sherlyn Alquetra · Sheron Kaur · Sherree Wilson ·                   Thelma Escobar · Thelma Littlejohn · Theo Taylor · Theo van de Klundert · Theodore Hernandez ·
Sherry Cruz · Sherry Janagal · Sherryl Sy · Shery Mercado · Sheryl Aguarilles · Sheryl Cosep · Sheryl             Theresa Ada · Theresa Intia · Theresa Maniulit · Theresa Rayner · Theresa Robiso · Theresa Te
Keen · Sheryl Madlangbayan · Sheryl Miller · Sheryl Morris · Sheryll Verga · Shey Landiza · Shiela                Whata · Theresa Turner · Theresa Zamora-Coates · Thomas Field · Thomas Wanke · Thu Nguyen ·
Cabauatan · Shiela Llameg · Shiela Nebalga · Shiena Atilano · Shija Koirala · Shikha Shikha · Shikha              Thushari Withanage · Tianii-jade Simmons · Tiau Itaaka · Tiegan Maru · Tiffa Jumao-As · Tiffany
Verma · Shiksha Grover · Shinaai Schroeder · Shingi Utete · Shiny Varghese · Shirjana Neupane ·                   Grant · Tiffany Hamilton · Tiffany Jefferies · Tigi Thomas · Tillie Laufiso · Tim Garlick · Tim Goodwin
Shirley Bakulich · Shirley Bucua · Shirley Goodall · Shirley Krishna · Shirley Lagavakatini · Shirley Pan         · Tim McAsey · Tim Reihana · Tim Saubuli · Tin Novilla · Tin Tagle · Tin Tin Borres · Tin-Tin Ladisla ·
· Shirline Lubanga · Shivangika Ashok · Shivani Gounder · Shivani Puri · Shivani Shivani · Shiwangni              Tina Aston · Tina Barnett-Peretini · Tina Healy · Tina Mateo · Tina McNally · Tina Schwenke · Tina
Prasad · Shiwani Acharya Tiwari · Shobna Kumar · Shoji George · Shom Lata · Shon Frater · Shona                   Seufale · Tina Strahl · Tina Thomson · Tingy Meyrick · Tintu Thomas · Tinu Abraham · Tisa Gopal ·
Bayliss · Shona Gomes · Shona Newman · Shoncey O’Brien · Shontelle Cockerill-Doerschel ·                          Tita Diamante · Tittu Thomas · Todd Clayton · Tofi Lefeau · Toji Nihinsa · Toka Toawea · Tom Bright
Shraddha Maharjan · Shree Gandhi · Shreta Chand · Shrijana Dahal · Shrisrika Raj · Shruti Sharma ·                · Tom Brownrigg · Tom Farrell · Tom Karamalis · Tom Mantle-Chadfield · Tom Robinson · Tom Sun ·
Shuaybah Aaliya · Shuba Selvaraj · Shubham Sajwan · Shun Lu · Shunyi Zhang · Shuvayi Mbewe ·                      Tom Zaugg · Tomirose Dela Cruz · Toni Campbell · Toni Cochrane · Toni Pasco · Toni Ryan · Tonia
Shweta Bawlekar · Shweta Dabhi · Shweta Devi · Shweta Prasad · Shweta Raheja · Shy Thomas ·                       Shakhova · Tony Burke · Tony Cassidy · Tony Clyne · Tony Howarth · Tony Killip · Tony Thomas ·
Shyani Weerawansa · Shyji Sebastian · Shyna Boock · Shyrene Bechoo · Shyy Foster · Sia Anand ·                    Tony Villanueva · Tony Weber · Tony Zinsli · Tori Pascoe-Lane · Tory Hamilton · Toto Ajawas · Tracey
Sia Palusa · Sian Moore · Sianne Pinto · Sibi Antony · Sid Singh · Siddarth Rajmohan · Sidhart Kumar              Campen · Tracey Cheshire · Tracey Clapp · Tracey Dewes · Tracey Doody · Tracey Dunn · Tracey
· Siga Parker · Sigas Bose · Sigfred Lagajino · Sigin Pullemkunnel · Siliva Samuelu · Silva Evangelista           Henricksen · Tracey Irvine · Tracey Lord · Tracey McCauley · Tracey McCullough · Tracey McIndoe
· Silvy Thomas · Simerjit Kaur · Simi John · Simi Sam · Simi Verma · Simin Alipour · Simmi Vahora ·               · Tracey Moncur · Tracey Shields · Tracey Vertigan · Tracy Blackadder · Tracy Elliott · Tracy Kemp ·
Simoa Ale · Simon Emett · Simon Jantke · Simon Judd · Simon Judge · Simon Lee · Simon Mitchell ·                  Tracy Mahoney · Tracy McLeod · Tracy Munford · Tracy Quill · Tracy Thomson · Tracy Webster ·
Simona Wallwork · Simone Blandford · Simone Coutinho Santos · Simone Donahue · Simone Lamb                        Tracy Wickman · Trav Maaka · Travis Cocks · Tressa Thomas · Trevor Davies · Tricia Wright · Tricina
· Simone Taylor · Simran Kaur Sra · Simran Singh · Sina Aaifou · Sina Afamasaga · Sina Kampe · Sini               Lacey · Trina Michelle · Trini Humphrey · Trish Coker · Trish de Jong · Trish Harris · Trish Malone ·
Gibu Joseph · Sini Jose · Siobhan O’Connor · Sione Tonga · Sipa Kiko · Sirisuda Charoensak · Sisi                 Trish Murray · Trish Tallott · Trish Warren · Trish Windle · Trisha Valdrez · Trishna Chand · Trix
Fine · Sisi Tawake · Siteri Kama · Siteri Nava · Siu Tapaevalu · Smitha Pulickakunnel Joseph · Snap               Fuentes · Troy Noronha · Troy Pedder · Truc Le · Trudi Martin · Trudi McNamara · Trudy Royfee ·
Venturanza · Snezhana Bubnova · Snower Singh · Sobin Stephen · Sofia Benitez Castellanos · Sofia                  Trudy Shepard · Trudy Stark · Tsitsi Marimi · Tua Brown · Tua’a Simone · Tui Duffull · Tylah Wenlock
Ditta · Sofia Faagutu · Sofin Mohammed · Sojan Vazhapilly Tomas · Somkhit Lightbourne · Sona                      · Ubbie Kooma · Udara Wickramaratne · Ula Rakai · Ula Taufao · Ulric Bawayan · Ultric Du Plooy ·
Basnet · Sona Varghese · Sonia Barrett · Sonia Bonaobra · Sonia Cuasito · Sonia McMartin · Sonia                  Ulysses Patrick Estrellada · Uma Chinnaiyan · Uma Kumar · Umang Baldaniya · Una Liavaa · Unnti
Peter · Sonia Sharma · Sonia Vincent · Sonica Dicks · Sonika Kissun · Sonika Prasad · Sonika                      Madaan · Upekha Fernando · Upul Angappulige · Urvashi Puri · Usha Pratheepan · Usha Subba ·
Sharma · Soniya Alex · Soniya Magar · Sonja Karon · Sony Paul · Sonya Brown · Sonya Dunlop ·                      Uzma Zaveeri · Vaidika Vandhana Kiran · Vaisakh Bijukumar · Val Abarquez · Val Aitken · Val
Sonya Overy · Sonya Tikoduadua · Sookie Magallones · Sophia Etherington · Sophia Shan · Sophia                    Rangelova · Val Spalding · Valerie Calvert · Vandana Kazal · Vandana Narayan · Vandana Pillay ·
Tang · Sophia Zhang · Sophie Beechey · Sophie Campbell-Patston · Sophie Devi · Sophie Harvey ·                    Vanessa Bates · Vanessa Camba · Vanessa Capistrano · Vanessa Claridge · Vanessa Dinh ·
Sophie Iceton · Sophie Kirby · Sophie Koroniadis · Sophie McMillan · Sophie Miller · Sophie Reade ·               Vanessa Hallett-Free · Vanessa Jeng · Vanessa Jinayon · Vanessa Manozo · Vanessa Neilson ·
Soumya Charlie · Sova Nairoroi · Sovandy Kou · Spencer Burchell · Sreypov Ing · Sreytouch Meng ·                  Vanessa Papa · Vanessa Ranger · Vanessa Tang · Vaneza Narsico · Vannida Kheng · Vara Nailawe ·
Srishti Yelagani · Stacey Hancock · Stacey Magee · Stan Bickerton · Starra Wood · Steen Neal ·                    Varice Mangente · Varinder Singh · Varun Dayal · Vasga Naidu · Vasu Sharma · Veda Kantayapalam
Steffen Muir · Stella Thomas · Stella Wong Mok · Steph Cawte · Steph Griffin · Steph Villarin · Steph             · Vee Zhupikova · Veena Gopika · Veena Prabha · Veer Kaur · Veerpal Kaur · Venice Sayson · Venina
Young · Stephanie Barnard · Stephanie Broadhurst · Stephanie Chen · Stephanie Marsicano ·                         Rauma · Venus Conag-Ochea · Vera Go · Vera Karauia · Verna Jacobs Douglas · Verna Mepana ·
Stephen Browning · Stephen Cartwright · Stephen De Jonge · Stephen Denvers · Stephen Dickson                      Veronica Basinang · Veronica Freire · Veronica Tellis · Vic Scanlan · Vick Zhou · Vicki Burt · Vicki
· Stephen Fitchett · Stephen Hammond · Stephen Pitcher · Stephen Radburn · Stephen Tabangcura                     Engu · Vicki Leggett · Vicki McLennan · Vicki Mokalei · Vicki Payne · Vicki Taylor · Vicki Waipouri ·
· Stephy Joy · Steve Clark · Steve Cotter · Steve Hayes · Steve Herries · Steve Jennings · Steve                  Vicki Webb · Vicky Boswell · Vicky Brown · Vicky Lilley · Vicky Sel-Ayen · Vicky Tunnell · Vicky
Ludford · Steven Tamayo Restrepo · Stevie Gideon-Scurrah · Stevie Taiwhati · Stewart Connolly ·                   Veeran · Vicky Weekley · Vicky Zhang · Vicsha Cabanero · Victor David · Victoria Brevoort · Victoria
Storm Raharuhi · Stu Oostdam · Stuart Korunic · Stuart Williams · Subhadra Thakuri Sapkota ·                      Cresswell · Victoria Dalpatan · Victoria Nand · Victoria Slade · Vidhi Ray · Viduni Abeynayake · Vidya
Subhnam Khan · Suchada Jarupongpimarn · Sudhakar Sudarsanam · Sudina Jose · Sue Adamson                           Wati · Vijay Gounder · Vijay Khadka · Vijay Kumar · Vijay Lachmi · Vika Kafa · Vikashni Prasad · Vikki
· Sue Bovey · Sue Claxton · Sue Coventry · Sue Frew · Sue Gemmell · Sue Hailstone · Sue Hammond                   Searle · Vilma Cahis · Vimal Kaur · Vimesha Ramanayake · Vimla Wati · Vince Santoro · Vincy
· Sue Healey · Sue Hine · Sue Horan · Sue Hurcomb · Sue Kaur · Sue Kim · Sue Knight · Sue Liang · Sue             Varkey · Vineetha Vavachen · Vinita Nand · Vinita Vishalni · Vinny Naikau · Vipi Vasu · Vir Villacorta
Massie · Sue Miller · Sue O’Brien · Sue O’Malley · Sue Pham · Sue Sloan · Sue Stace · Sue Su · Sue Tan            Jr. · Virginia Bryan · Virginia Embile · Virginia Makore · Vishal Patel · Vishnu Somasundranpillai · Vita
· Sue Taylor · Sue Wells · Sue Wickham · Sui Lavea · Sujan Sapkota · Sujana John · Sujata Patel ·                 Furche-Degener · Viv Nixon-Mead · Viv Sayson · Vivian Phillips · Vivien Noel · Vladimir Mackevic ·
Sujee Shrestha · Sujitha Pallissery · Sukh Rai · Sukhbir Kaur · Sukhi Singh · Sukhleen Kaur ·                     Wai Baker-Taumata · Waiongana Weeks · Wan Yaemkul · Wanfei Cao · Warren Lee · Wati Saravaki ·
Sukhmani Khatri · Sukhmeet Kaur · Sukhveer Kaur · Sukriti Jain · Sultan Salauddin · Suman Lata ·                  Wayne Blazey · Wayne Clark · Wayne Lockhart · Wayne Murray · Weena Aglugub · Weena Evora ·
Sumeet Sandhu · Sumit Sharma · Sumitha Raju Pottayil · Sumitra Shrestha · Sumnima Poudel ·                        Wei Chen · Wen Wang · Wendy Arluck · Wendy Bourke · Wendy Burns · Wendy Chinh · Wendy
Suna Rijal · Sundar Subedi · Sunil Magar · Sunita Ghimire · Sunita Mehta · Sunita Nepali · Sunita Sami            Gacayan · Wendy Gordon · Wendy Hamilton · Wendy Harris · Wendy Hern · Wendy Johnstone ·
· Sunita Sharma · Sunny Choi · Sunny Sandeep · Sunny Singh · Sunshine Ramirez · Sunshine Tarcelo                  Wendy Kaka · Wendy Kappler · Wendy Kennedy · Wendy Laurie · Wendy MacDonald · Wendy Miller
· Supriya Shrestha · Suren Deshar · Suresh Fernando · Surinder Kaur · Susan Bacod · Susan Baird ·                 · Wendy Taylor · Wendy Tran · Wendy Turner · Wendy Turton · Wenna Barrido · Wesi Singh ·
Susan Bekker · Susan Brient · Susan Brister · Susan Cristina · Susan Crozier · Susan Dong · Susan                 Wharenikau Hing · Whela King · Whetu Maniapoto · Wiian Bundalian · Wil Borres · Wil Yoro ·
Henderson · Susan Hughes · Susan Jane · Susan MacLean · Susan Mala · Susan Rae · Susan                            Wilhelmina Bloem · Will Chester · Will Locking · William Geck · William Schultz · William See · Wilna
Sainsbury · Susan Spittal · Susana Fox · Susanne Boehm · Sushan Rijal · Sushma Bharatham · Susi                   Junio · Wilna van Heerden · Win Win Kyi · Winnie Winstanley · Wyndham Tapsell · Xandi Konigstorfer
Alefosio · Susie Alayne · Susie Cox · Susie de Vaney · Susie Magalhaes · Susinder Rajendran ·                     · Xavier Loretz · Yae Imaizumi · Yam Karki · Yamuna De Silva · Yan Luo · Yan Wang · Yan Zhang ·
Susmita Basnet · Susmita Chhetri · Suzanna Allan · Suzanne Elliott · Suzanne Gain · Suzanne Mason                 Yancey Valoria · Yani Encarnacion · Yanjana Limbu · Yanping Liu · Yanti Sriyanti · Yaowapa
· Suzanne Omlo · Suzanne Wells · Suzette Nuyda · Suzette Otacan · Suzleen Lata · Suzy Gibbs ·                     Somjitsakul · Yasasmi Basnayake · Yashna Prasad · Yasmin Asia · Yasmin Hughes · Yasoda Dewan ·
Swap Dadlani · Swastika Kumar · Swathy Dev · Sweety George · Sylveniya Dayal · Sylvia Consadine                   Yeshi Khatiwoda · Yeshni Rai · Yi Liu · Yi-chen Tsai · Yin Huang · Yin Yin Huang · Ynys Cadogan · Yodi
· Syvelle Baricuatro · Tagi Yabakirua · Tahera Shaikh · Tahmina Rahman · Tai Hooper · Taina                       Uyod · Yok Wongsa · Yolanda Acebedo · Yolanda Grobler · Yolene Pienaar · Yoon Lee · Yoshi
Tuipulotu · Taiyebeh Babakhani · Taka Akagawa · Tala Vea · Talai Ati · Tamara Billing · Tamara                    Donnelly · Youmi Lee · Yra Diez · Yuka Minai · Yuki Maeda · Yukie Nakano · Yukiko Falchi · Yulia Lucas
Bradford · Tamara Price · Tamati Wairepo · Tami Trow · Tamsin Eldridge · Tamsyn Davies · Tangi                    · Yunisha Nakarmi · Yuting Guo · Yvanne Evangelista · Yvette Pearl · Yvonne Bourassa · Yvonne
Ohuka · Tania Anderson · Tania Boyd · Tania Coleman · Tania Hapi · Tania Johnston · Tania Jordan                  Carter · Yvonne Lewis · Yvonne Murray · Yvonne Na · Yvonne Robinson · Zac Miller · Zach Morrison
· Tania Khan · Tania Lilley · Tania Lister · Tania Palomino Vargas · Tania Walker · Tanisha Griffiths ·           · Zadie Wickremasinghe · Zahra Boloori · Zahra Salot · Zaigere Eales · Zamira Ensor · Zane Allmand
Tanja Cary · Tanja Kroch · Tanu Kaur · Tanya Lombardi · Tanya Mandeya · Tanya McGurk · Tanya                      · Zane Strazdina · Zara Nichol · Zarah Masote · Zay Garcia · Zayyan Jahan · Zee Khan · Zelda Watt ·
Swart · Tanya Waters · Tara Berkett · Tara Clark · Tara Jacobsen-Kedzlie · Tarn Gardner · Tarn Kaur               Zerah Mero · Zingara McDougall · Zoe Attrill-Palmer · Zoe Driver · Zoe Eathorne · Zoe Hunter · Zoe
· Tarnz Morrison · Taryn Eagle · Taryn Jonasen · Tash Brightwell · Tash Richardson · Tash Waddell ·               King · Zoe Noble · Zoe Nyika · Zoe Templeton · Zoreen Nisha · Zuhra Balic · Zyra Ramas




                                                                                                                                             Thank you!
                                                                                                            161
                                                           RY MAN HEALT HCARE




  Our village locations
                   ES S E ND O N   1                   1    R IN GWO OD EAST


    AB E RF E LD I E    1
                                                               1   JOHN F LYN N
                    N E L L I E M EL BA    1                   1   WEARY DUN LOP

  CHAR LES                                         1       H I GHET T
               1
BROW N LOW                                     1       M T ELIZA



                            1
         O C E AN G ROVE               1
                                   M T M A RT H A




  Our villages in
  Victoria, Australia
  • Aberfeldie
  • Charles Brownlow
  • Essendon
  • Highett
  • John Flynn
  • Mt Eliza
  • Mt Martha                                                                      RYMAN V ILLAGE

  • Nellie Melba                                                                   UN DER CON ST RUCT ION
  • Ocean Grove                                                                    COUN CIL AP P ROVAL
  • Ringwood East
  • Weary Dunlop                                                                   P ROP OS ED V ILLAGE


                                                                    162
                                        WHAN GĀREI              1


                                                                                        10 1       2       1 AUC K LAND
Our villages in
New Zealand                                                                              1       TAURAN GA
                                                            HAMILTON     2

WHAN G ĀR E I
                                                           CAMB RID GE   1

• Jane Mander                   N EW P LYMOUT H                 1
                                                                                                              1   GI SBOR NE

AU C KLAN D                                                                                            1    N API E R

• Bert Sutcliffe                        WHAN GAN UI             1                                      1    HAVE LO C K

• Bruce McLaren
                                                                                                            N ORTH
                          PA L MERSTON N ORT H                  1

• Edmund Hillary                                                                             1   WAIKAN AE
• Evelyn Page             NELS ON        1

• Grace Joel
• Karaka                                                                     4   2   WELLIN GTON


• Keith Park
• Kohimarama                                                          1 RAN GIORA
• Logan Campbell                                                      6 1 1 1 CHRISTCHURCH
• Miriam Corban
• Murray Halberg
• Possum Bourne
• Takapuna
• William Sanders                                      2   DUN EDIN

                                             1    IN V ERCARGILL
HAM I LTO N

• Hilda Ross
• Linda Jones           PA L M ERSTON N ORT H                                CHRISTCHURCH

                        • Julia Wallace                                      • Anthony Wilding
CAM B R I D G E

• Cambridge             WA I K A N AE                                        • Diana Isaac
TAU R AN G A
                        • Charles Fleming                                    • Essie Summers
• Bob Owens             W E L L IN GTON
                                                                             • Margaret Stoddart
G ISB O R N E
                        • Bob Scott                                          • Ngaio Marsh
• Kiri Te Kanawa        • Karori                                             • Northwood
N E W PLYM O U T H
                        • Malvina Major                                      • Park Terrace
• Jean Sandel           • Newtown                                            • Riccarton Park
N AP I E R              • Rita Angus                                         • Woodcote
• Princess Alexandra    • Shona McFarlane                                    DUN EDIN

HAV E LO C K N O RT H   NELS ON
                                                                             • Frances Hodgkins
• James Wattie          • Ernest Rutherford                                  • Yvette Williams
                                                                             IN V ERCARGILL
WHAN G AN U I           R A NGIORA

• Jane Winstone         • Charles Upham                                      • Rowena Jackson

                                                 163
                                              RY MAN HEALT HCARE




Directory                                    REGISTERED OFFICE
                                             Airport Business Park
                                             92 Russley Road, Christchurch
                                                                                SHARE REGISTRAR
                                                                                Link Market Services
                                                                                PO Box 91976, Auckland 1142
                                             PO Box 771, Christchurch 8042      New Zealand
                                             New Zealand                        P: +64 9 375 5998
                                                                                E: enquiries@linkmarketservices.co.nz




Retirement villages in
New Zealand
Anthony Wilding Retirement Village      Grace Joel Retirement Village           Murray Halberg Retirement Village
5 Corbett Crescent, Aidanﬁeld,          184 St Heliers Bay Road, St Heliers,    11 Commodore Drive, Lynfield,
Christchurch                            Auckland                                Auckland

Bert Sutcliffe Retirement Village       Hilda Ross Retirement Village           Ngaio Marsh Retirement Village
2 Rangatira Road, Birkenhead,           30 Ruakura Road, Hamilton               95 Grants Road, Papanui, Christchurch
Auckland
                                        James Wattie Retirement Village         Possum Bourne Retirement Village
Bob Owens Retirement Village            122 Te Aute Road, Havelock North        5 Lisle Farm Drive, Pukekohe
112 Carmichael Road, Bethlehem,
Tauranga                                Jane Mander Retirement Village          Princess Alexandra Retirement
                                        262 Fairway Drive, Kamo, Whangārei      Village
Bob Scott Retirement Village                                                    145 Battery Road, Napier
25 Graham Street, Petone,               Jane Winstone Retirement Village
Lower Hutt                              49 Oakland Avenue, St Johns Hill,       Rita Angus Retirement Village
                                        Whanganui                               66 Coutts Street, Kilbirnie, Wellington
Bruce McLaren Retirement Village
795 Chapel Road, Howick, Auckland       Jean Sandel Retirement Village          Rowena Jackson Retirement Village
                                        71 Barrett Road, New Plymouth           40 O’Byrne Street North, Waikiwi,
Charles Fleming Retirement Village                                              Invercargill
112 Parata Street, Waikanae             Julia Wallace Retirement Village
                                        28 Dogwood Way, Clearview Park,         Shona McFarlane Retirement Village
Charles Upham Retirement Village        Palmerston North                        66 Mabey Road, Lower Hutt
24 Charles Upham Drive, Rangiora
                                        Kiri Te Kanawa Retirement Village       William Sanders Retirement Village
Diana Isaac Retirement Village          12 Gwyneth Place, Lytton West,          7 Ngataringa Road, Devonport,
1 Lady Isaac Way, Mairehau,             Gisborne                                Auckland
Christchurch
                                        Linda Jones Retirement Village          Woodcote Retirement Village
Edmund Hillary Retirement Village       1775 River Road, Flagstaff, Hamilton    29 Woodcote Avenue, Hornby,
221 Abbotts Way, Remuera,                                                       Christchurch
Auckland                                Logan Campbell Retirement Village
                                        187 Campbell Road, Greenlane,           Yvette Williams Retirement Village
Ernest Rutherford Retirement            Auckland                                383 Highgate, Roslyn, Dunedin
Village
49 Covent Drive, Stoke, Nelson          Malvina Major Retirement Village
                                        134 Burma Road, Khandallah,
Essie Summers Retirement Village        Wellington
222 Colombo Street, Beckenham,
Christchurch                            Margaret Stoddart Retirement Village
                                        23 Bartlett Street, Riccarton,
Evelyn Page Retirement Village          Christchurch
30 Ambassador Glade, Orewa, Auckland
                                        Miriam Corban Retirement Village
Frances Hodgkins Retirement Village     211 Lincoln Road, Henderson, Auckland
40 Fenton Crescent, St Clair, Dunedin


                                                          164
                                           A N N UA L REP ORT 20 2 1




MELBOURNE OFFICE                           AUCKLAND OFFICE                        WELLINGTON OFFICE
Suite 10.03, Level 10                      93 Ascot Avenue, Remuera               10B Waterloo Quay
420 St Kilda Road                          Auckland 1050                          Wellington 6011
Melbourne                                  New Zealand                            New Zealand
PO Box 33119
Melbourne VIC 3004, Australia




Retirement villages in                     New villages in the                    New villages in the
Australia                                  pipeline in New Zealand                pipeline in Australia
Charles Brownlow Retirement                Cambridge                              Aberfeldie
Village                                    1881 Cambridge Road, Cambridge         2 Vida Street, Aberfeldie, Melbourne
157 South Valley Road, Highton, Victoria
                                           Karaka                                 Essendon
John Flynn Retirement Village              250 Hingaia Road, Karaka, Auckland     1–3 Moreland Road, Essendon,
45 Burwood Highway, Burwood East,                                                 Melbourne
Melbourne                                  Karori
                                           26 Donald Street, Karori, Wellington   Highett
Nellie Melba Retirement Village                                                   32–40 Graham Road, Highett,
2 Collegium Avenue, Wheelers Hill,         Keith Park Retirement Village          Melbourne
Melbourne                                  3 Scott Road, Hobsonville,
                                           Auckland                               Mt Eliza
Ocean Grove Retirement Village                                                    60–70 Kunyung Road, Mt Eliza,
181–199 Shell Road, Ocean Grove,           Kohimarama                             Victoria
Victoria                                   233 Kohimarama Road, Kohimarama,
                                           Auckland                               Mt Martha
Weary Dunlop Retirement Village                                                   180 Bentons Road, Mt Martha, Victoria
242 Jells Road, Wheelers Hill,             Newtown
Melbourne                                  192 Adelaide Road, Newtown,            Ringwood East
                                           Wellington                             2–16 Mt Dandenong Road,
                                                                                  Ringwood East, Melbourne
                                           Northwood
                                           486 Main North Road, Northwood,
                                           Christchurch

                                           Park Terrace
                                           78 & 100 Park Terrace,
                                           Christchurch

                                           Riccarton Park
                                           25 Steadman Road, Christchurch

                                           Takapuna
                                           41–45 Killarney Street, Takapuna,
                                           Auckland




For more information on any of Ryman Healthcare’s
retirement villages:

New Zealand                     Australia
0800 588 222                    1800 922 988
rymanhealthcare.co.nz           rymanhealthcare.com.au

                                                      165
 rymanhealthcare.co.nz
rymanhealthcare.com.au
