                                     Interim Report
                                              2024
Vobile Group Limited 阜博集團有限公司   Interim Report 2024 中期報告
                                              中期報告 2024
CONTENTS

    02   Corporate Information

    04   Business Review and Outlook

    10   Management Discussion and Analysis

    17   Corporate Governance Highlights

    19   Other Information

    30   Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of
         Profit or Loss

    31   Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of
         Comprehensive Income

    32   Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of
         Financial Position

    34   Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of
         Changes in Equity

    35   Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of
         Cash Flows

    37   Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated
         Financial Statements

    51   Definitions
     CORPORATE INFORMATION

     EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                                   NOMINATION COMMITTEE

     Mr. Yangbin Bernard WANG (“Mr. Wang”)                 Mr. Alfred Tsai CHU (Chairperson)
      (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)               Mr. CHAN Ching Yan Daniel
     Mr. WONG Wai Kwan (“Mr. Wong”)                        Mr. Charles Eric EESLEY
                                                           Mr. KWAN Ngai Kit
                                                           Mr. Yangbin Bernard WANG
     NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

     Mr. TANG Yi Hoi Hermes (“Mr. Tang”) (Vice-Chairman)   REGISTERED OFFICE
     Mr. Chan Ching Yan Daniel (“Mr. Chan”)
     Mr. J David WARGO (“Mr. Wargo”)                       Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive
                                                           P.O. Box 2681
                                                           Grand Cayman KY1-1111
     INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE                             Cayman Islands
     DIRECTORS

     Mr. Alfred Tsai CHU (“Mr. Chu”)                       HEADQUARTERS AND PRINCIPAL PLACE
     Mr. Charles Eric EESLEY (“Mr. Eesley”)                OF BUSINESS IN HONG KONG
     Mr. KWAN Ngai Kit (“Mr. Kwan”)
                                                           Suite 3712, 37/F
                                                           Tower 2, Times Square
     COMPANY SECRETARY                                     1 Matheson Street
                                                           Causeway Bay
     Mr. HO Sai Hong Vincent (“Mr. Ho”)                    Hong Kong



     AUDIT COMMITTEE                                       PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN THE US

     Mr. KWAN Ngai Kit (Chairperson)                       2880 Lakeside Drive, Suite 200
     Mr. Alfred Tsai CHU                                   Santa Clara, CA 95054
     Mr. Charles Eric EESLEY                               United States
     Mr. J David WARGO

                                                           PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN THE
     REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                                PRC

     Mr. Charles Eric EESLEY (Chairperson)                 Building 17-1, Headquarters Economy Park
     Mr. Alfred Tsai CHU                                   for Alumni Corporation of Zhejiang University
     Mr. KWAN Ngai Kit                                     397 Cangxing Street
     Mr. Yangbin Bernard WANG                              Yuhang District, Hangzhou
     Mr. J David WARGO

                                                           AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES

                                                           Mr. HO Sai Hong Vincent
                                                           Mr. WONG Wai Kwan




02      Vobile Group Limited Interim Report 2024
                                                          CORPORATE INFORMATION

AUDITOR                                                 PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND
                                                        TRANSFER OFFICE
Ernst & Young
Certified Public Accountants                            Conyers Trust Company (Cayman) Limited
Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor               Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive
27/F, One Taikoo Place                                  P.O. Box 2681
979 King’s Road                                         Grand Cayman KY1-1111
Quarry Bay, Hong Kong                                   Cayman Islands



LEGAL ADVISERS                                          HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR
                                                        AND TRANSFER OFFICE
As to Hong Kong law:
Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer                          Tricor Investor Services Limited
55th floor, One Island East                             17/F, Far East Finance Centre
Taikoo Place, Quarry Bay, Hong Kong                     16 Harcourt Road
                                                        Hong Kong
As to US law:
Pillsbury Winthrop Shaw Pittman LLP
2550 Hanover Street                                     COMPANY WEBSITE
Palo Alto, CA 94304-1115
United States                                           vobile.com

As to PRC law:
Fangda Partners                                         STOCK CODE
24/F, HKRI Centre Two
HKRI Taikoo Hui                                         3738
288 Shi Men Yi Road
Shanghai, China



PRINCIPAL BANKERS

The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.




                                                                                       Corporate Information 03
     BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK

     �    The total revenue was HK$1.2 billion, reflecting a YoY increase of 17.7% compared to HK$1.0 billion in 1H
          2023.

     �    The revenue from subscription services was HK$545 million, reflecting a YoY increase of 16.8% compared
          to HK$467 million in 1H 2023, accounting for about 46.2% of the revenue. The revenue from value-added
          services was HK$635 million, reflecting a YoY increase of 18.5% compared to HK$536 million in 1H 2023,
          accounting for about 53.8% of the revenue.

     �    The revenue in Mainland China was HK$605 million, reflecting a YoY increase of 8.0% compared to HK$560
          million in 1H 2023. The revenue in the United States and other regions was HK$576 million, reflecting a YoY
          increase of 30.1% compared to HK$443 million in 1H 2023.

     �    The gross profit was HK$504 million, reflecting a YoY increase of 28.3% compared to HK$393 million in 1H
          2023. The gross margin has achieved 42.7%, up 3.5 percentage points from 1H 2023.

     �    The profit for the period was HK$46 million, reflecting a YoY increase of 36.5% compared to HK$34 million in
          1H 2023.

     �    The adjusted net profit was HK$64 million, reflecting a YoY increase of 10.7% compared to HK$58 million in
          1H 2023.

     �    The Adjusted EBITDA was HK$196 million, reflecting a YoY increase of 8.3% compared to HK$181 million in
          1H 2023.



     COMPANY STRATEGY AND OUTLOOK

     Generative Artificial Intelligence (GenAI) is rapidly emerging as a significant driver of global economic growth, with
     its technological advancements expected to bring about profound economic transformations. The widespread
     application has not only profoundly impacted text and image creation while making groundbreaking progress in the
     high-cost, complex fields of video and music production. It is transforming the ecosystem of the film, television,
     and music industries, driving simultaneous improvements in both the scale and quality of content while fostering
     an industry future that is more creative, diverse, and inclusive.

     As GenAI expands future possibilities across different sectors, copyright issues have likewise emerged as a critical
     topic in industry development. The release of ChatGPT on November 30, 2022, and its emergence caused some
     investors to temporarily think that copyright would become worthless in the AI era, raising doubts about the long-
     term value of copyright protection and monetization services. In 2024, the volume and scale of infringement
     lawsuits from content owners against AI technology companies have grown substantially, presenting the swiftly
     advancing AI Large-scale model platforms need to tackle copyright issues. Throughout this period, the investors
     have acknowledged that copyright will hold greater significance in the era of GenAI, with the market reaching a
     consensus that data and copyrighted content require legal authorisation for use.




04       Vobile Group Limited Interim Report 2024
                                                  BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK

Clear copyright attribution and equitable profit-sharing mechanisms are essential for the continuous growth of
GenAI. They safeguard the rights of content creators while mitigating legal risks for AI companies and facilitating
the large-scale, lawful commercialisation of the technology. Vobile’s strategic layout emphasises high-quality
development and sustainable growth. We have long been dedicated to the field of copyright protection,
transaction, and monetization, accumulating significant advantages in technology, product services, and customer
relationships. These key capabilities will be directly applied to new GenAI business contexts, presenting a
significant opportunity for Vobile’s development. We aim to play a crucial role in establishing an ecological balance
between content rights holders and AI technology companies. By persistently driving technological innovation and
upgrading our platform-based business, we seek to foster scalable and accelerated growth. Our goal is to emerge
as a leader in the digital content asset transaction field in the era of GenAI.

Our strategic growth priorities are:

1.   Seize strategic opportunities in the AIGC era and expand service capabilities in
     the AIGC field
     Regardless of the evolution of content production and distribution driven by technological progress, IP is
     the core value of the film and television industry, and the protection and transaction of creative content is
     the foundation to support the value of the industry. In the era of GenAI, the scenarios for using copyrighted
     content become increasingly complex, leading to unprecedented emphasis on copyright management and
     content monetization.

     Vobile’s capabilities will enable both content owners and AI technology companies simultaneously. Vobile’s
     long-term partners, including major content owners such as film studios, TV networks, and online content
     platforms, remain the most important stakeholders in this new wave of technological change. The deep
     mutual trust between us and these clients will enable a seamless transition of their partnership into the GenAI
     field. We will support content owners in managing the copyrights of premium content and training datasets,
     ensuring that their content usage is rewarded fairly and equitably. Simultaneously, we will offer solutions to
     AI technology companies to mitigate copyright disputes and litigation risks, while offering rights identification
     and transaction services for AI-generated content. This signifies that Vobile’s business in the GenAI era will
     extend across all key stages of the digital content industry ecosystem, covering the entire industrial chain,
     and expanding the evolution of Vobile’s core operations from UGC content monetization to the more critical
     realm of digital content asset transactions.

     Vobile has proactively undertaken substantial technological reserves and strategic positioning in preparation
     for the future. Our R&D center in Florida, USA, has been operating for three years and has made significant
     progress across multiple technological fields. Particularly in the areas of content rights identification and
     watermarking technology innovation, the application scenarios and commercialisation capabilities are rapidly
     expanding. It is foreseeable that Vobile’s service capabilities and business scale will grow significantly in the
     era of GenAI, further strengthening our competitive advantage and leading position in the digital content
     protection and transaction sector, achieving leapfrog development.




                                                                                    Business Review and Outlook 05
     BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK

     2. Achieve large-scale development through platform-based business upgrades
        and expand services to small and medium-sized content owners
        The rapid development of GenAI will produce a large volume of high-quality creative content while also
        increasing the influence of small and medium-sized content owners within the ecosystem. These creators
        will be a crucial driving force for the growth of creator economy and they are key service targets of Vobile’s
        vision to “Make Creative Content More Valuable”. These creators urgently need more efficient, cost-
        effective, and transparent monetization services. The maturation of GenAI and Web3 technologies offers
        Vobile a prime opportunity to upgrade from tool-based services to platform-based services.

        We will achieve scalable customer acquisition and service delivery by building a platform ecosystem. By
        leveraging Web3 technology, we aim to establish more transparent rules, lower-cost rights identification
        mechanisms, and a better attribution mechanism. Enhancing content distribution through digital asset
        transactions promotes the sustainable development of the ecosystem. Vobile is committed to achieving the
        boundless and efficient global distribution of digital content assets through connecting global platforms. With
        the ongoing enhancement of digital content transaction infrastructure, Vobile will greatly broaden the range
        and scale of its services, offering content creators more diverse and effective solutions.

     3. Capitalise on the opportunities of digital economy development and actively
        participate in building the digital trade ecosystem
        A new wave of technological revolution and industrial transformation is on the rise, offering significant
        opportunities for digital trade through the growth of the global digital economy. Therefore, data is regarded
        as a new productivity, and its value is being increasingly emphasised. Both the “AI Factory” concept in the
        West and China’s “New Quality Productive Forces” underscore the critical role of data. Our business and
        data resources not only support the company’s leading position in digital content protection and transactions
        but also provide a solid foundation for actively participating in the innovative development of digital cultural
        trade. By deeply engaging in the construction of the digital trade ecosystem, Vobile is committed to
        enhancing the efficiency of value creation through data resources, thereby contributing to the prosperity and
        development of the digital economy.

        We are currently deeply involved in the construction of regional copyright ecosystems, playing a significant
        role in various digital infrastructure projects in Mainland China and Hong Kong. With its strong foundation in
        technology and resources, Vobile has secured a leading position in digital cultural trade, especially in building
        regional digital trade platforms and promoting the global reach of Chinese content, thereby expanding its
        business scope and reinforcing its competitive edge.

        Vobile is currently at a critical juncture for achieving leapfrog development, as the digital content industry is
        flourishing at an unprecedented pace, with various new technologies and sectors emerging rapidly. Moving
        forward, we will continue to solidify our global leadership in the industry, seize opportunities presented by
        major industry transformations, and lead in technological innovation and business expansion. We remain fully
        committed to realising the vision and mission of “Making Creative Content More Valuable”.




06     Vobile Group Limited Interim Report 2024
                                                 BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK

Our Business
The industry environment is constantly evolving. Vobile provides comprehensive digital content rights and
transaction solutions for customers with IP as the core, ensuring that the rights of creators are fully respected
and protected. Vobile implements a high-quality development strategy, prioritising the development of high-
value businesses and focusing on strategic key areas. We seize the key development opportunities of GenAI and
continuously upgrade our service capabilities based on the advantages accumulated in the field of copyright
services for many years. During the reporting period, Vobile achieved a total revenue of HK$1,181 million,
representing a growth of approximately 17.1% YoY.

Subscription Services
A subscription-based business model has constantly provided long-term stable services to the world’s leading
content providers and platforms. With our essential proprietary VDNA digital fingerprint and watermark
technologies, we help content owners trace infringements and preserve timely and powerful evidence, and we
charge subscription fees based on the scale of services provided to customers. At the same time, we provide
content identification services and traceability capabilities for online video websites and platforms, empowering
platform customers.

In the first half of 2024, our subscription business made significant progress. With the expansion of service
capabilities to more copyright categories, the number of customers continues to grow, and the penetration rate
of the content library steadily increases, achieving service coverage of copyright content in all categories. Vobile
has strengthened its cooperation with important content providers, expanded the scope and types of services for
large customer content libraries, and focused on expanding new content areas such as micro-dramas, e-commerce,
music, audiobooks, podcasts, and images.

During the reporting period, Vobile constructed the “China Film All-Media Publishing and Marketing Platform
Project” for top industry organisations. We have completed the first phase of the construction project for China
Media Group and started testing operation. Through deepening cooperation with top short video platforms, we
provided customers with full business coverage including short dramas, novels, music, and sports events and
provided copyright monitoring and protection services covering both on-site and off-site for large short video
platforms and large music platforms through API service integration.

Based on the above progress, during the reporting period, Vobile has achieved a subscription service revenue of
HK$545 million, representing a YoY increase of about 16.8%, accounting for approximately 46.2% of total revenue.
It is expected that with the increasing global focus on copyright, Vobile’s expanding coverage of diverse content,
and the growing demand from copyright platforms, our subscription services will continue to maintain a good
development trend.

Value-added Services
With the continuous development of our business and the diversification of customer needs, we are further
providing diversified value-added services based on strengthening subscription services to help customers
maximise the value of content. We enhance the penetration and profitability of customer content by providing
diverse monetization solutions and earning revenue through revenue-sharing models. In 2024, we continued the
trend of upgrading contracts with large content providers, achieving greater coverage of top-tier content and
providing assurance for the growth of value-added services.




                                                                                  Business Review and Outlook 07
     BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK

     In the first half of 2024, Vobile deepened its cooperation with major social media platforms and actively explored
     ways to increase the profitability of content on the platforms. We have seen a significant increase in views of
     our content on Shorts, a short video platform under YouTube, further expanding our ability to monetize on social
     media. We also offer a more diverse range of monetization services, with the number of active assets continuing
     to increase. During the reporting period, Vobile not only enhanced its penetration into major content platforms’
     content libraries but also gathered high-quality micro-drama content to form an innovative product system,
     providing services for copyright protection and global dissemination of micro-dramas.

     During the reporting period, the revenue from Vobile’s value-added services was approximately HK$635
     million, representing an increase of approximately 18.5% compared to the same period last year, accounting for
     approximately 53.8% of total revenue. With the significant impact of technological innovation on the development
     of the digital content industry, the monetization methods for content are becoming more lightweight and
     diversified. We will continue to deploy innovative technologies and product services to provide content owner
     clients with a wider range of value-added service options.

     Sustained Strong Growth in Our Major Business Regions
     In 2024, we will continue the high quality growth strategy to respond to the impact of the economic environment
     and other factors, ensuring existing development and firmly laying out the future. During the reporting period, we
     continued to expand the scale and categories of digital content services in our main business areas, building the
     business foundation of the GenAI field, and successfully exploring business in new market areas. A stable business
     foundation and effective business innovation expansion allow us to constantly achieve excellent performance in a
     constantly changing industry environment.

     In the United States market, Vobile maintains strong growth momentum, with our customer base and the number
     of active assets continuing to grow. We have further deepened our cooperation and partnership with major
     content providers, continuously improving the quantity and quality of their content management on social media
     platforms. We have completed technical testing of watermarking technology applications on a large global video
     platform and are further advancing commercial deployment. At the same time, Vobile deepened its cooperation
     with large music label clients, significantly increasing the number of managed music assets. During the reporting
     period, the revenue from the United States was HK$572 million, representing a YoY growth of approximately
     30.0%, and accounting for approximately 48.4% of the total revenue.

     In Mainland China market, Vobile’s performance and brand influence have achieved excellent growth. Through
     cooperation with China’s largest television network client and short video platform, Vobile provided comprehensive
     copyright protection services for the broadcast and distribution of the 2024 Paris Olympic Games program. In
     terms of global distribution services, Vobile has helped Chinese content providers significantly increase the
     number of daily active viewers and enhance the international influence of content and brands by building a
     comprehensive media matrix and implementing localised operation strategies. In addition, the copyright protection
     and transaction platform that we have jointly built with our large broadcasting and television customers has
     entered the trial operation stage. During the reporting period, the revenue from Mainland China was HK$605
     million, representing a YoY growth of approximately 8.0%, accounting for approximately 51.2% of the total revenue.

     In the Greater Bay Area of Guangdong, Hong Kong, and Macau, we grasp the trend of integrated development,
     increase our talent and investment deployment in the Greater Bay Area, deeply participate in building the IP
     Ecosystem in local regions, and play a key role in it.

     In Japan and Europe, we strengthen our contact and cooperation with local IP rights holders by increasing
     our well-known music and animation company client base, becoming key trade organisations and association
     members in the region, and preparing for the subsequent scale landing of local business.



08      Vobile Group Limited Interim Report 2024
                                                 BUSINESS REVIEW AND OUTLOOK

Research and Development
Vobile has effectively enhanced the efficiency of value delivery across the industry ecosystem by building the
technology infrastructure for the protection and transaction of digital content assets. Currently, major content
providers and AI large-scale model platforms are gradually reaching a consensus on copyright issues, and relevant
legislation in major economies is also advancing rapidly. Vobile’s ability to provide comprehensive copyright
services to content providers will be key to ensuring the effective industry practice on copyrights.

We further strengthen our collaboration with the University of Florida, especially in the field of AI exploration.
Vobile’s founder Mr. Yangbin Wang was selected for the inaugural Hall of Fame for the Department of Electrical
and Computer Engineering at the University of Florida, highlighting Vobile’s outstanding achievements in the field
of computer engineering. Vobile has an industry-leading technology team and collaborates closely with renowned
institutions worldwide, including the University of Florida, Zhejiang University, and the Hong Kong University
of Science and Technology, to continuously enhance its technological capabilities. At the same time, we are
in communication and collaboration with the world’s leading chip companies and platform companies to jointly
address the increasingly complex copyright challenges in the GenAI field.

Vobile has launched a diverse range of watermarking technology solutions and is fully prepared to enter
the commercial application phase. Through commercial deployment, we can quickly integrate watermarking
technology into our customers’ existing streaming media workflows, providing a more efficient and cost-effective
solution.

We continue to upgrade content identification and rights identification technology. We have significantly reduced
the time for content rights identification by enhancing the application and deployment of AI algorithms. Meanwhile,
through the expansion of the scale of real-time service for live content, we have further strengthened our content
protection capabilities on social media platforms such as YouTube and Facebook, ensuring timely takedown of
infringing content.

Through these technological upgrades and reserve, we have constantly enhanced the efficiency of content
identification and the coverage capability of our services, making sufficient preparations for the increasingly
complex copyright environment in the era of GenAI, and contributing to a healthier and more efficient industry
ecosystem for content rights holders and AI technology companies.




                                                                                  Business Review and Outlook 09
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

     FINANCIAL REVIEW

     Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss Highlights
                                                                                          Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                              2024              2023
                                                                                            HK$’000           HK$’000
                                                                                         (Unaudited)       (Unaudited)


       Revenue                                                                             1,180,634         1,002,756
       Gross profit                                                                           504,117          392,773
       Profit before tax                                                                      69,832            45,135
       Profit for the period                                                                   46,322           33,928
       Non-IFRS Adjusted Net Profit                                                            64,261           58,067
       Non-IFRS Adjusted EBITDA                                                              196,306           181,333


     Non-IFRS Adjusted Net Profit
     Adjusted Net Profit is earnings before equity settled share compensation expenses, loss on derecognition of
     financial liabilities measured at amortised cost, fair value changes and other one- off expenses. This is not a IFRSs
     measure. Adjusted net profit is presented exclusively as a supplemental disclosure because our Directors believe
     that it is widely used to measure the performance, and as a basis for valuation. The Group has presented this item
     because the Group considers it an important supplemental measure of the Group’s operational performance used
     by the Group’s management as well as analysts or investors.

     The following table sets forth a quantitative reconciliation of Adjusted Net Profit to its most directly comparable
     IFRS measurement and profit for the period attributable to owners of the Company.

                                                                                          Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                              2024              2023
                                                                                            HK$’000           HK$’000
                                                                                         (Unaudited)       (Unaudited)


       Profit for the period                                                                  46,322            33,928
       Add:
         Equity-settled share compensation expense                                             17,524            18,156
         Loss on derecognition of financial liabilities measured
           at amortised cost                                                                       —              6,195
         Fair value change on financial assets at FVTPL, net                                      415              (212)


       Adjusted Net Profit                                                                     64,261           58,067




10      Vobile Group Limited Interim Report 2024
                               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Non-IFRS Adjusted EBITDA
Adjusted EBITDA is earnings before finance costs, finance revenues, income taxes, depreciation and amortisation,
equity settled share compensation expenses, loss on derecognition of financial liabilities measured at amortised
cost, fair value changes and other one-off or non-cash expenses. This is not a IFRSs measure. Adjusted EBITDA is
presented exclusively as a supplemental disclosure because our Directors believe that it is widely used to measure
the performance, and as a basis for valuation. Our Group has presented this item because our Group considers it
an important supplemental measure of our Group’s operational performance used by our Group’s management as
well as analysts or investors.

The following table sets forth a quantitative reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to its most directly comparable IFRS
measurement and profit before tax.

                                                                                    Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                         2024             2023
                                                                                       HK$’000          HK$’000
                                                                                    (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)


  Profit before tax                                                                      69,832            45,135
  Add:
    Equity-settled share compensation expense                                           17,524             18,156
    Finance costs                                                                       46,033            50,332
    Depreciation and amortisation                                                       65,244            60,671
    Loss on derecognition of financial liabilities measured at amortised cost                 —             6,195
    Fair value change on financial assets at FVTPL, net                                     415              (212)
    Share of profits and losses of associates                                                 —                 (1)
    (Reversal of impairment)/impairment on trade receivables                               (892)            3,879
    Interest income                                                                      (1,850)          (2,822)


  Adjusted EBITDA                                                                      196,306            181,333


Revenue
The following table shows our revenue breakdown by product:

                                                                                    Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                         2024             2023
                                                                                       HK$’000          HK$’000
                                                                                    (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)


  Subscription services                                                                545,431           466,876
  Value-added services                                                                 635,203           535,880


  Total revenue                                                                       1,180,634         1,002,756




                                                                          Management Discussion and Analysis 11
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

     Our revenue for the six months ended 30 June 2024 amounted to approximately HK$1,181 million, representing
     an increase of approximately HK$178 million, or approximately 17.7% as compared with the revenue for the six
     months ended 30 June 2023 of approximately HK$1,003 million. Our business model has two revenue streams:
     subscription services and value-added services.

     In the six months ended 30 June 2024, subscription services revenue was approximately HK$545 million,
     representing an increase of approximately HK$78 million, or approximately 16.8% as compared with the
     subscription services revenue for the six months ended 30 June 2023 of approximately HK$467 million, and
     accounted for 46.2% (six months ended 30 June 2023 46.6%) of our total revenues. Our subscription service
     mainly consists of content protection and channel management. Content protection service is based on the
     application of Vobile’s VDNA (fingerprint) and watermark technologies. Channel management service is based on
     the partnership we have with distribution platforms, and we manage channels for our IP rights holder clients on
     these distribution platforms.

     We offer a variety of value-added services that are designed to further realise IP rights values for our clients by
     providing additional IP revenue streams. During the six months ended 30 June 2024, value-added service revenue
     was approximately HK$635 million, representing an increase of 18.5%, as compared with the value-added services
     revenue for the six months ended 30 June 2023 of HK$536 million, and accounted for 53.8% (six months ended
     30 June 2023 53.4%) of total revenue. Our value-added services mainly consists of monetization on social media
     platforms and monetization services for video-on-demand platforms.

     Our business model is driven by our ability to serve additional contents, and to help generate more revenue for
     IP rights holder clients. We believe that our future success is dependent on many factors, including our ability to
     expand our content base, retain customers while increasing content penetration, offer more monetization channels
     to increase revenue for IP rights holders, develop new solutions to meet industry and client needs, enhance our
     ecosystem and partner relationships, expand content verticals, expand geographic coverage, and build with a
     focus on maximising long-term value.

     Gross profit and gross profit margin
     Our gross profit for the six months ended 30 June 2024 amounted to approximately HK$504 million, representing
     an increase of approximately HK$111 million, or approximately 28.3% as compared with the six months ended 30
     June 2023 of HK$393 million.

     Our gross profit margin increased from 39.2% for the six months ended 30 June 2023 to 42.7% for the six months
     ended 30 June 2024.

     Selling and marketing expenses
     Our selling and marketing expenses for the six months ended 30 June 2024 amounted to approximately HK$152
     million, representing an increase of approximately HK$36 million, or approximately 31.3% as compared with the
     six months ended 30 June 2023 of HK$116 million. The increase was mainly due to the increase of sales and
     marketing initiatives during the period.




12      Vobile Group Limited Interim Report 2024
                              MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Administrative expenses
Our administrative expenses for the six months ended 30 June 2024 amounted to approximately HK$94 million,
representing an increase of approximately HK$16 million, or approximately 19.3% as compared with the six months
ended 30 June 2023 of HK$78 million. The increase was mainly due to increase of administrative headcount of the
Group.

Research and development expenses
Our research and development expenses for the six months ended 30 June 2024 amounted to approximately
HK$143 million, representing an increase of approximately HK$48 million, or approximately 50% as compared with
the six months ended 30 June 2023 of HK$95 million. The increase was mainly due to the increase of research
and development activities in the current period.

Finance costs
Finance costs mainly consisted of interest expenses on interest-bearing borrowings and convertible bonds of
approximately HK$46 million (six months ended 30 June 2023 HK$50 million) and interest expense on lease
liabilities.

Income tax expense
Our income tax expense mainly comprised of deferred tax expense resulted from the utilisation of tax losses in the
United States and tax expense in the Mainland China.

Profit for the period
The profit for the six months ended 30 June 2024 amounted to approximately HK$46 million, representing an
increase of approximately HK$12 million, or approximately 36.5% as compared to the profit for the six months
ended 30 June 2023 of approximately HK$34 million.

Basic earnings per share for the six months ended 30 June 2024 was approximately HK$0.0184 (six month
ended 30 June 2023 HK$0.0132), and diluted earnings per share for the six months ended 30 June 2024 was
approximately HK$0.0171 (six month ended 30 June 2023 HK$0.0121).

Interim dividend
The Board does not recommend the payment of an interim dividend for the six months ended 30 June 2024.

Adjusted EBITDA
The Adjusted EBITDA for the six months ended 30 June 2024 amounted to approximately HK$196 million,
representing an increase of approximately HK$15 million, or approximately 8.3%, as compared to the Adjusted
EBITDA for the six months ended 30 June 2023 of approximately HK$181 million. The substantial increase in
Adjusted EBITDA was mainly attributed by the significant increase in revenue of the Group for the six months
ended 30 June 2024, contributed by (a) continued growth in our business in the US; and (b) the expansion of our
business in the Mainland China, driven by strategic and commercial partnerships.




                                                                        Management Discussion and Analysis 13
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

     Interim condensed consolidated statement of financial position highlights
                                                                                            30 June     31 December
                                                                                              2024             2023
                                                                                           HK$’000           HK$’000
                                                                                        (Unaudited)         (Audited)


       Total assets                                                                        3,721,191       3,506,108
       Total liabilities                                                                  1,539,280        1,366,296
       Net assets                                                                          2,181,911       2,139,812
       Total equity                                                                        2,181,911       2,139,812


     Goodwill
     Our goodwill amounted to approximately HK$1,155 million as at 30 June 2024, remained stable as compared to
     31 December 2023 of HK$1,170 million. Goodwill is tested for impairment periodically and no impairment loss is
     considered necessary as at 30 June 2024.

     Intangible assets
     Our intangible assets amounted to approximately HK$419 million as at 30 June 2024, representing a decrease of
     approximately HK$18 million as compared to 31 December 2023. The decrease was mainly due to the amortisation
     of intangible assets.

     Interest-bearing borrowings
     As at 30 June 2024, the Group’s interest-bearing borrowings consisted of (i) secured interest-bearing borrowings
     with carrying amount of HK$412,203,000 (HK$157,134,000 as current liabilities and HK$255,069,000 as non-
     current liabilities), which bear interest at secured overnight financing rate plus seven percent and secured by the
     shares, intellectual property, trade receivables and bank balances of all material subsidiaries of the Group, and
     (ii) current unsecured interest-bearing borrowings with carrying amount of HK$161,711,000 (31 December 2023
     HK$131,303,000), which bear interests at three point four five percent to four point eight percent (31 December
     2023 three point five percent to four point eight percent).

     Convertible bonds
     On 16 August 2022, the Company issued convertible bonds in an aggregate principal amount of HK$117,000,000
     to Lucion International Investment Limited, an investment holding company incorporated in Hong Kong. The
     convertible bonds have an initial conversion price of HK$5.32 per Share. The convertible bonds are convertible
     into shares of the Company. The convertible bonds bear simple interest on their outstanding principal amount at
     the rate of 4% per annum, payable annually in arrears, and will mature in the three years from the issue date.

     On 24 May 2024, the Company issued convertible bonds in an aggregate principal amount of HK$159,997,200
     to Poly Platinum Enterprises Limited, an investment holding company incorporated in the British Virgin Islands
     with limited liability and a wholly-controlled subsidiary of Greater Bay Area Homeland Development Fund LP. The
     convertible bonds have an initial conversion price of HK$1.87 per Share. The convertible bonds are convertible
     into shares of the Company. The convertible bonds bear simple interest on their outstanding principal amount at
     the rate of 3% per annum, payable annually in arrears, and will mature in the two years from the issue date.




14      Vobile Group Limited Interim Report 2024
                                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES

Working capital
As of 30 June 2024, our cash and cash equivalents and pledged deposits in aggregate amounted to approximately
HK$317 million. As of 30 June 2024, our current assets amounted to approximately HK$1,717 million of which
approximately HK$1,211 million was trade receivables and approximately HK$317 million was cash and cash
equivalents and pledged deposits. Our current liabilities amounted to approximately HK$944 million, of which
approximately HK$465 million was trade payables. As at 30 June 2024, our current ratio, which is equivalent to
the current assets divided by the current liabilities, was 1.8 as compared with 2.0 at 31 December 2023.

Significant investments, acquisitions and disposals
During the six months ended 30 June 2024, we did not have any other significant investment and any material
acquisition or disposal.

Capital expenditures
Our capital expenditures were primarily for expenditures for purchase of equipment and intangible assets. The
amount of our capital expenditures for the six months ended 30 June 2024 was approximately HK$50 million.

Contingent liabilities, off balance sheet commitments and arrangements and pledge
of assets
As of 30 June 2024 and the date of this report, we did not have (i) any material contingent liabilities or guarantees, (ii)
any liabilities under acceptance trade receivables or acceptable credits, debentures, mortgages, charges, finance
leases or hire purchase commitments, guarantee material covenants, or other material contingent liabilities, or (iii)
any material off-balance sheet arrangements.

Foreign exchange exposure
In light of the nature of our business, we are exposed to various foreign currencies, among which, USD and RMB
are mostly used apart from HK$. To minimise the impact of foreign currency rate volatility, we monitor foreign
currency risk at operational level closely on an ongoing basis to ensure that the net exposure is at an acceptable
level.

Gearing ratio
Our Group monitors capital using gearing ratio, which is net external debt divided by the capital (equity attributable
to owners of the Company) plus net debt. Net debt includes convertible bonds and interest-bearing borrowings,
less cash and cash equivalents. As of 30 June 2024, our gearing ratio, calculated as net debt divided by the equity
attributable to owners of the Company plus net debt, was 21% as compared with 18% as at 31 December 2023.




                                                                             Management Discussion and Analysis 15
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

     Use of proceeds from issue of convertible bonds and placement of shares
     On 24 May 2024, the Company issued convertible bonds in the aggregate principal amount of HK$160 million,
     raised net proceeds of HK$155 million. As at 30 June 2024, the Company has utilised HK$39 million of the net
     proceeds as intended. The table below sets out the details of actual usage of the net proceeds as at 30 June
     2024.

                                                          Net proceeds                      Net proceeds
                                                         utilised during   Unutilised net   utilised during   Unutilised net
                                                         the year ended proceeds as at the six months proceeds as at
                                      Initial intended    31 December      31 December ended 30 June               30 June     Expected timeline of
      Intended use of proceeds             allocation             2023             2023              2024             2024     full utilisation
                                        (HK$ million)      (HK$ million)    (HK$ million)     (HK$ million)    (HK$ million)


      Development and investment
        of AIGC related business                  116                —               116                —               116    31 December 2025
      Repayment of interest-bearing
        borrowings                                 39                —                39                39               —     31 December 2025


                                                  155                —               155                39              116




16     Vobile Group Limited Interim Report 2024
                                     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE HIGHLIGHTS

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICE

The Board is committed to maintaining high corporate governance standards. The Board believes that good
corporate governance standards are essential in providing a framework for the Group to formulate its business
strategies and policies, and to enhance its transparency and accountability.

During the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Company has applied the principles as set out in the CG Code
which are applicable to the Company.

In the opinion of the Directors, during the six months ended 30 June 2024, the Company has complied with all
applicable code provisions as set out in the CG Code, save and except for code provision C.2.1 which states
that the roles of chairman and chief executive officer should be separate and should not be performed by the
same individual. Mr. Wang is both our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and is responsible for the overall
management of our Group and directing the strategic development and business plans of our Group. We believe
Mr. Wang is instrumental to our growth and business expansion since our establishment in 2005. Our Board
considers that the roles of chairman and chief executive officer being vested in the same person is beneficial
to the business prospects, management and overall strategic direction of our Group by ensuring consistent
leadership within our Group and facilitating more effective and efficient overall strategic planning and decision-
making for our Group. In addition, the Board meets regularly to consider major matters affecting the operations
of the Group and all Directors are properly and promptly briefed on such matters with adequate, complete and
reliable information. In addition, under the supervision of the Board which is comprised of two executive Directors,
two non-executive Director and three independent non-executive Directors as at the date of this report, the
Board is appropriately structured with balance of power to provide sufficient checks to protect the interests of the
Company and its shareholders. After considering all the corporate governance measures that have been taken, the
Board considers that the balance of power and authority will not be impaired by the present arrangement and the
current structure will enable the Company to make and implement decisions more promptly and effectively. Thus,
the Company does not segregate the roles of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.



MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS

The Company has adopted the Model Code as its code of conduct regarding securities transactions by the
Directors. The Company has also set guidelines, at least as strict as the Model Code, on transactions of the
Company’s securities for relevant employees (as defined in the Listing Rules).

The Company has made specific inquiries to all Directors about their compliance with the Model Code, and they
all confirmed that they complied with the standards specified in the Model Code during the six months ended
30 June 2024. The Company has made specific inquiries of relevant employees about their compliance with the
guidelines on transactions of the Company’s securities, without noticing any violation of the guidelines.




                                                                              Corporate Governance Highlights 17
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE HIGHLIGHTS

     REVIEW OF INTERIM REPORT

     The Audit Committee comprises three independent non-executive Directors, namely, Mr. KWAN Ngai Kit, Mr.
     Alfred Tsai CHU and Mr. Charles Eric EESLEY, and one non-executive Director, namely, Mr. J David WARGO.
     The chairman of the Audit Committee is Mr. KWAN Ngai Kit. Mr. KWAN Ngai Kit has appropriate professional
     qualifications and experience in financial matters. The main responsibilities of the Audit Committee are to review
     and supervise the financial reporting process and internal control system of the Group.

     The Audit Committee has reviewed the unaudited interim results of the Group for the six months ended 30 June
     2024 and this interim report and was of the opinion that such interim results and this report had been prepared in
     accordance with the relevant accounting standards and that adequate disclosures have been made in accordance
     with the requirements of the Listing Rules.



     ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE

     The Group is committed to fulfilling social responsibility, promoting employee benefits and development,
     protecting the environment and giving back to community and achieving sustainable growth.




18      Vobile Group Limited Interim Report 2024
                                                                        OTHER INFORMATION

INTERIM DIVIDEND

The Board does not recommend the payment of an interim dividend for the six months ended 30 June 2024.



EMPLOYEE AND REMUNERATION POLICY

As at 30 June 2024, we employed a total of 566 staff (as at 31 December 2023 578 staff). Salaries, bonuses and
benefits are determined with reference to market terms and performance, qualifications and experience of each
individual employee, and are subject to review from time to time.

The remuneration of the Directors is reviewed by the Remuneration Committee and approved by the Board. The
relevant Director’s experience, duties and responsibilities, time commitment, the Company’s performance and the
prevailing market conditions are taken into consideration in determining the emolument of the Directors.

The total remuneration cost incurred by the Group for the six months ended 30 June 2024 was approximately
HK$125 million (for the six months ended 30 June 2023 HK$120 million).

The Company also adopted a Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme, a Post-IPO Share Option Scheme and a Share Award
Plan.



SHARE SCHEMES

The Company has three existing share schemes, namely the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme, the Post-IPO Share
Option Scheme and the Share Award Plan.

The number of Shares that may be issued in respect of options and awards granted under the Pre-IPO Share
Option Scheme, the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme and the Share Award Plan divided by the weighted average
number of ordinary Shares in issue for the six month ended 30 June 2024 is 6.62%.

As at 1 January 2024 and 30 June 2024, the number of options and awards available for grant under the scheme
mandate was both 154,975,020, representing 6.92% and 6.82% of the issued share capital of the Company on
each date, respectively. The details of each share scheme are set out below:

Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme
The following is a summary of all the principal terms of the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme.

(a) Purpose of the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme
     The purpose of the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme is to offer to employees, Directors (i.e. a member of the
     Board who is not an employee), consultants or advisers who perform bona fide services for, our Company
     or its subsidiary the opportunity to acquire equity in our Company through awards of Pre-IPO Share Option
     Scheme. No amount is payable by the grantees on the grant of options and there is no maximum entitlement
     of each participant under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme.




                                                                                            Other Information 19
     OTHER INFORMATION

     (b) Exercise Price and Purchase Price of the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme
            Minimum exercise price for Pre-IPO Share Option: The exercise price per Share of a Pre-IPO Share Option
            shall not be less than 100% of the fair market value of a Share on the date of grant; provided, however that
            the exercise price per share of a Pre-IPO Share Option granted to an individual holding more than 10% of the
            voting power of our Company shall not be less than 110% of the fair market value of a share on the date of
            grant.

            The purchase price in relation to each award or sale of Shares shall be determined by the Board in its sole
            discretion, provided that, to the extent an award consists of newly issued Shares, the Board shall require the
            purchaser to provide consideration having a value not less than the par value of such Shares.

     (c) Vesting of Options
            Subject to the terms and conditions and the fulfilment of all conditions to the vesting of the Pre-IPO Options,
            each Pre-IPO Option shall have a vesting period of four years from the date of grant of the Pre-IPO Options.

     (d) Exercise of Options
            The Board in its sole discretion shall determine when all or any installment of a Pre-IPO Option is to become
            exercisable and may, in its discretion, provide for accelerated exercisability in the event of a change in
            control or other events.

     (e) Lapse of Option or Right
            An option may be exercised in accordance with the terms of the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme at any time
            during a period as the Board may determine which shall not exceed 10 years from the date of grant subject
            to the provisions of early termination thereof.

     (f)    Total Number of Shares Available for Issue under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme
            As at the date of this report, no Share is available for issue under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme and no
            share option will be available for grant under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme.

     (g) Duration of the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme
            The Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme will remain in force for a period of 10 years commencing on the adoption
            date of Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme.




20         Vobile Group Limited Interim Report 2024
                                                                                                                       OTHER INFORMATION

Details of the options granted pursuant to the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme to the grantees are set at below:

                                                                                                                                      No. of share options

                                                                                                                             Granted                    Expired/lapsed/
                                                                                                        Outstanding        during the Exercised during cancelled during   Outstanding
                                                                                                               as at      six months the six months the six months               as at
    Name of                                                                                  Exercise     1 January    ended 30 June ended 30 June ended 30 June              30 June
    Grantee       Date of grant   Vesting period                   Exercise period    price per share         2024              2024             2024             2024          2024


    Director
    Mr. Wang      25 April 2017   Four years from date of grant1   25 April 2019 to       US$0.0344      32,000,000               —         (32,000,000)2            —              —
                                                                      25 April 2027


Notes:


1        50% of the share options shall vest on the second anniversary of the date of grant and 50% shall vest in 24 equal monthly instalments
         following the second anniversary.


2        The weighted average closing price of the shares immediately before the dates on which the options were exercised is HK$1.31.


Post-IPO Share Option Scheme
The following is a summary of all the principal terms of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme.

(a) Purpose of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme
         The purposes of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme are to attract and retain the best available personnel, to
         provide additional incentive to employees, directors, consultants and advisers of our Group and to promote
         the success of the business of our Group. HK$1 is payable by the grantees for acceptance of the Post-IPO
         Share Options.

(b) Exercise Price of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme
         The amount payable for each Share to be subscribed for under an option in the event of the option being
         exercised shall be determined by the Board and shall be not less than the greater of

         (i)     the closing price of the Shares on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange as stated in the Stock
                 Exchange’s daily quotations sheet on the date of grant;

         (ii)    the average closing price of the Shares on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange as stated in the Stock
                 Exchange’s daily quotations sheets for the five business days immediately preceding the date of grant;
                 and

         (iii)   the nominal value of the Shares.

(c) Vesting of Options
         The Remuneration Committee in its sole discretion shall determine the vesting period for each grant of
         options under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme.




                                                                                                                                                             Other Information 21
     OTHER INFORMATION

     (d) Time of Exercise of An Option
            An option may be exercised in whole or in part by the option holder in accordance with the terms of the Post-
            IPO Share Option Scheme at any time during the period to be notified by the Board to each option holder
            upon the grant of options, such period not to exceed ten years from the date of grant of the relevant option.

     (e) Lapse of Option or Right
            An option shall lapse forthwith (to the extent not already exercised) on the earliest of expiry of the exercise
            period and under the other provisions as set out in the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme.

     (f)    Maximum Number of Shares
            The maximum number of Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of all outstanding options granted
            and yet to be exercised under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme and any other schemes of our Company
            shall not exceed such number of Shares as shall represent 30% of the issued share capital of our Company
            from time to time. The total number of Shares issued and to be issued upon the exercise of the options
            granted to each eligible person (including exercised, cancelled and outstanding options) under the Post-IPO
            Share Option Scheme in any 12-month period shall not exceed 1% of the relevant class of securities of our
            Company in issue.

     (g) Total Number of Shares Available for Issue under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme
            As at the date of this report, the total number of Shares available for issue under the Post-IPO Share Option
            Scheme was 149,120,000, representing 6.56%, of the issued share capital of the Company as at the same
            date.

     (h) Duration of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme
            The Share Option Scheme will remain in force for a period of 10 years commencing on the adoption date of
            the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme.




22         Vobile Group Limited Interim Report 2024
                                                                                                               OTHER INFORMATION

Details of the options granted pursuant to the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme to the grantees are set at below:

                                                                                                                         No. of share options
                                                                                                                                                          Expired/
                                                                                                            Granted     Exercised          Lapsed       cancelled
                                                                                                          during the    during the      during the      during the
                                                                                          Outstanding    six months    six months      six months      six months    Outstanding
                                                                              Exercise           as at        ended         ended           ended           ended           as at
 Name of                                                                      price per     1 January       30 June       30 June         30 June         30 June        30 June
 Grantee           Date of grant   Vesting period       Exercise period          share          2024           2024          2024            2024            2024          2024

 Directors
 Mr. Wang          12 January 2021 Ten years from       12 January 2021 to    HK$5.00     112,000,000            —             —                —              —     112,000,000
                                      date of grant1        12 January 2031
 Mr. Matsuzawa     23 July 2021 Five years from         23 July 2022 to        HK$8.70      4,000,000            —             —                —              —       4,000,000
                                      date of grant3        23 July 2032


 Sub-total                                                                                116,000,000            —             —                —              —     116,000,000


 Employees
 Other employees   30 July 2020    Two years from       30 July 2022 to       HK$0.875     14,800,000            —             —                —              —      14,800,000
                                       date of grant2       30 July 2032
 Other employees   23 July 2021    Five years from      23 July 2022 to        HK$8.70      1,000,000            —             —                —              —       1,000,000
                                       date of grant3       23 July 2032
 Other employees   8 July 2022     Five years from      8 July 2023 to        HK$5.00       7,320,000            —             —                —              —       7,320,000
                                       date of grant3       7 July 2032


 Sub-total                                                                                 23,120,000            —             —                —              —      23,120,000


 Consultants
 Consultants       30 July 2020    Two years from       30 July 2022 to       HK$0.875      2,000,000            —             —                —              —       2,000,000
                                      date of grant2       30 July 2032
 Kevin A. Mayer    9 September     Two years from       9 September 2021 to    HK$1.02      8,000,000            —             —                —              —       8,000,000
                      2020            date of grant2       9 September 2031


 Sub-total                                                                                 10,000,000            —             —                —              —      10,000,000


 Total                                                                                    149,120,000            —             —                —              —     149,120,000




                                                                                                                                                     Other Information 23
     OTHER INFORMATION

     Notes:


     1        The share options have an exercise period of ten years and the vesting periods of ten years from the date of grant. All nine tranches of the
              112,000,000 share options in aggregate will become fully vested when the Market Capitalisation of the Company on a Determination Date
              reaches at least US$10 billion and the Company has achieved at least nine of the Operational Milestones in any combination. Please refer to
              the circular of the Company dated 1 March 2021 for further details.


              The table below shows the Operational Milestones:


                                           Operational Milestone comprised of                                      Operational Milestone comprised of
                                              Annual Revenue of the Company                                  Annual Adjusted EBITDA of the Company
                                          on a Determination Date in Excess of                                   on a Determination Date on Excess of


                                                                   US$50 Million                                                           US$10 Million
                                                                   US$75 Million                                                           US$15 Million
                                                                  US$100 Million                                                           US$20 Million
                                                                  US$125 Million                                                           US$25 Million
                                                                  US$150 Million                                                           US$30 Million
                                                                  US$175 Million                                                           US$35 Million
                                                                 US$200 Million                                                            US$40 Million
                                                                  US$225 Million                                                           US$45 Million
                                                                  US$250 Million                                                           US$50 Million


              The table below shows the vesting conditions for each Tranche of the Share Options:


                                                                                        Market Capitalisation Milestone
                Cumulative Number of                                                Vesting Condition comprised of Market             Number of vested
                Operational Milestones                                                 Capitalisation of the Company on                Share Options in
                Required to be Achieved                                                a Determination Date in Excess of                    the Tranche
                                                                                                  US$                     HK$


                One                                                                           2 billion           15.50 billion       12,444,444 Shares
                Two                                                                           3 billion          23.25 billion        12,444,444 Shares
                Three                                                                         4 billion           31.00 billion       12,444,444 Shares
                Four                                                                          5 billion          38.75 billion        12,444,444 Shares
                Five                                                                          6 billion          46.50 billion        12,444,444 Shares
                Six                                                                           7 billion          54.25 billion        12,444,444 Shares
                Seven                                                                         8 billion          62.00 billion        12,444,444 Shares
                Eight                                                                         9 billion          69.75 billion        12,444,444 Shares
                Nine                                                                         10 billion           77.50 billion       12,444,448 Shares


     2        50% of the share options shall vest on the first anniversary of the date of grant and 50% shall vest in 12 equal monthly instalments following
              the second anniversary.


     3        20% of the share options shall vest on the first anniversary of the date of grant and 80% shall vest in 48 equal monthly instalments following
              the second anniversary.




24       Vobile Group Limited Interim Report 2024
                                                                           OTHER INFORMATION

SHARE AWARD PLAN

On 6 May 2019, the Board adopted a 10-year share award plan (the “Share Award Plan”) to (a) incentivise,
recognise and reward the contributions of certain Eligible Persons to the growth and development of the Group;
(b) attract and retain personnel to promote the long-term growth and development of the Group; and (c) align the
interests of the Eligible Persons with those of the Shareholders to promote the long-term financial performance
of the Company. Details of the Share Award Plan were announced in the Company’s announcements dated 6 May
2019 and 25 July 2021. A summary of the Share Award Plan is set out below:

(a) Purpose
     The purpose of the Share Award Plan is to (a) incentivise, recognise and reward the contributions of certain
     Eligible Persons to the growth and development of the Group; (b) attract and retain personnel to promote the
     long-term growth and development of the Group; and (c) align the interests of the Eligible Persons with those
     of the Shareholders to promote the long-term financial performance of the Company. No amount is payable
     by the grantees on acceptance of the awards.

(b) Participants
     Under the Share Award Plan Rules, any person being (a) an employee, a director (including, without limitation,
     an executive, non-executive or independent non-executive director) or officer of any member of the Group; or (b)
     a consultant or advisor of any member of the Group, is eligible for participation in the Share Award Plan.

(c) Duration
     Subject to early termination by the Board, the Share Award Plan shall be valid and effective for a term of ten (10)
     years commencing from the date of adoption of the Share Award Plan, being 6 May 2019, and ending on the
     Business Day immediately preceding the tenth (10th) anniversary of the date of adoption of the Share Award
     Plan.

(d) Share Award Plan Limit
     The Board shall not make any further Award if to do so would result in the aggregate number of the Shares
     awarded under the Share Award Plan exceed 10% of the issued share capital of the Company at any given
     time.

     Where any grant of Award to an Eligible Person would result in the aggregate of (a) the number of Awarded
     Shares underlying all Awards (whether vested or not); and (b) the number of Shares issued and to be issued
     upon exercise of options (whether exercised or outstanding) under any share option scheme adopted by the
     Company from time to time, granted to such Eligible Person in the 12-month period up to and including the
     date of grant of such Award exceeding 1% of the Shares in issue as at the date of grant of such Award, the
     Award shall be subject to approval by the Shareholders in a general meeting.

(e) Vesting
     Awarded Shares and the related income shall be vested in an Award Holder in accordance with the Vesting
     Date(s) specified in the Award and upon the satisfaction of the vesting criteria and conditions (if any)
     specified by the Board in the offer of grant of the relevant Award. No consideration is required from the
     grantees at the time of vesting.




                                                                                                   Other Information 25
     OTHER INFORMATION

     (f) Total Number of Shares Available for Issue under the Share Award Plan
              As at the date of this report, the total number of Shares available for issue under the Share Award Plan under
              the general mandate granted by shareholders of the Company is 172,403,039, representing 7.59% of the
              issued share capital of the Company as at the same date. The Company did not utilise any of the general
              mandate granted by shareholders of the Company to issue new shares since the adoption of the Share
              Award Plan and up to the date of this report.

     Details of the share awards granted pursuant to the Share Award Plan to the grantees are set at below:

                                                                                                                         Expired/
                                                                                                                          lapsed/
                                                                               Granted               Vested            cancelled
                                                          Unvested           during the           during the           during the           Unvested
                                                               as at        six months           six months           six months                as at
                                                          1 January      ended 30 June        ended 30 June        ended 30 June             30 June
         Name of Grantee           Date of grant              2024                2024                 2024                 2024               2024


         Directors
         Mr. Wong                  27 June 20243                   —             320,409             (320,409)                     —                 —
         Mr. Chan                  27 June 20243                   —             320,409             (320,409)                     —                 —
         Mr. Tang                  27 June 20243                   —             320,409             (320,409)                     —                 —
         Mr. Wargo                 27 June 20243                   —             320,409             (320,409)                     —                 —
         Mr. Chu                   27 June 20243                   —             320,409             (320,409)                     —                 —
         Mr. Eesley                27 June 20243                   —             320,409             (320,409)                     —                 —
         Mr. Kwan                  27 June 20243                   —             320,409             (320,409)                     —                 —


         Sub-total                                                 —           2,242,863           (2,242,863)                     —                 —


         Employees
         Employees                 27 June 20243                   —            8,661,507           (8,661,507)                    —                 —


         Sub-total                                                 —            8,661,507           (8,661,507)                    —                 —


         Total1                                                    —           10,904,3704        (10,904,370)4                    —                 —


     Notes:


     1        No grant has been made to (i) any related entity participant or service provider with options and awards granted in excess of 0.1% of the
              Company’s issued shares over the 12-month period, and (ii) any other participant with options and awards granted in excess of the 1%
              individual limit, as such terms are used in the Listing Rules. During the six months ended 30 June 2024, there were no cancellations of share
              awards.


     2        There are vesting period of six months and no performance target and clawback mechanism in relation to the grants, and no consideration
              is required from the relevant grantees at the time of vesting.




26        Vobile Group Limited Interim Report 2024
                                                                                                OTHER INFORMATION

3        There are no vesting period and performance target in relation to the grants, and no consideration is required from the relevant grantees
         at the time of vesting. Upon the occurrence of certain events in relation to a grantee, no further Awards may be granted to such grantee
         and the Awards granted to the grantee shall be clawed back and such Awards shall lapse accordingly on the date as determined by the
         Board (if such Awards are unvested). In addition, where an Award (or any part thereof) granted to a grantee has already been vested at the
         time when the grantee’s Awards are clawed back, the grantee shall return, by the Board’s determination at its sole and absolute discretion,
         either (i) the exact number of the relevant vested and clawed back underlying Shares in respect of such Awards, or (ii) the monetary amount
         equivalent to the value of the relevant underlying Share(s) of the Awards on the date of grant, on the date of vesting of the relevant Awards,
         or on the date of such clawback. In addition, in the event a grantee ceases to be an eligible participant under the Share Award Plan by
         reason of retirement, resignation or expiration of the employment or service agreement, any unvested Awards in respect of such grantee will
         automatically lapse with effect from the date on which the grantee’s employment or service is terminated.


4        The closing price of the shares immediately before the date on which the awards were granted and fair value of each award was both
         HK$1.22.




DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES,
UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY OR ITS ASSOCIATED
CORPORATIONS

As of 30 June 2024, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company in the
Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (within the meaning of
Part XV of the SFO) which were required (a) to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to
Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they have taken or deemed
to have under such provisions of the SFO); or (b) to be recorded in the register required to be kept pursuant to
Section 352 of the SFO; or (c) as otherwise to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the
Model Code were as follows:

                                                                                                                                  Approximate
                                                                                                                                 percentage of
                                                                                                          Number of                 the issued
      Name of Directors                             Capacity                                                Shares                share capital
                                                                                                            (note 1)


      Mr. Wang (note 2)                             Beneficial owner; trustee of                         415,961,920                       18.30%
                                                      a trust; beneficiary of a trust
      Mr. Wargo                                     Beneficial owner                                     92,234,369                         4.06%
      Mr. Wong                                      Beneficial owner                                      2,928,013                         0.13%
      Mr. Chu                                       Beneficial owner                                        528,013                         0.02%
      Mr. Eesley                                    Beneficial owner                                        528,013                         0.02%
      Mr. Chan                                      Beneficial owner                                        528,013                         0.02%
      Mr. Kwan                                      Beneficial owner                                        484,013                         0.02%
      Mr. Tang                                      Beneficial owner                                        320,409                         0.01%

Notes:


(1)      All interests stated are long positions.


(2)      Mr. Wang is a settlor, a trustee and a beneficiary of the JYW Trust. Mr. Wang and the JYW Trust are the settlors and Mr. Wang is the trustee
         and beneficiary of the YBW Trust. Mr. Wang is interested in 63,200,000 Shares beneficially owned by him, 208,761,920 Shares held by him
         in his capacity as trustee and beneficiary of the JYW Trust, 32,000,000 Shares in his capacity as trustee and beneficiary of the YBW Trust,
         and 112,000,000 Shares which may be issued pursuant to the exercise of options granted under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme.




                                                                                                                             Other Information 27
     OTHER INFORMATION

     Save as disclosed above, as of 30 June 2024, so far as is known to the Directors or chief executive of the
     Company, none of the Directors or chief executive of the Company had interests or short positions in the Shares,
     underlying Shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations which (a) were required to be
     notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including
     interests and short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO); or (b)
     were required, pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, to be recorded in the register referred to therein; or (c) were
     required, pursuant to the Model Code, to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange.



     DIRECTORS’ RIGHT TO ACQUIRE SHARES

     Save as disclosed in this report, at no time during the six months ended 30 June 2024 was the Company, or any
     of its subsidiaries or its fellow subsidiaries a party to any arrangement to enable the Directors and chief executives
     of the Company (including their spouses and children under 18 years of age) to hold any interest or short positions
     in the Shares, or underlying shares, or debentures, of the Company or its associated corporations (within the
     meaning of Part XV of the SFO).



     SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES,
     UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES

     As of 30 June 2024, so far as was known to any Director or chief executive of the Company, the following persons
     (other than the Directors and chief executive of the Company) had interests and/or short positions in the Shares or
     underlying Shares which would fall to be disclosed to the Company pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the
     SFO or as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under section 336 of the SFO

                                                                                                          Approximate
                                                                                                         percentage of
                                                                                          Number of         the issued
       Name of shareholder                      Capacity                                    Shares(1)     share capital


       Poly Platinum Enterprises Limited(2)  Beneficial owner                           170,799,807                 7.52
       Greater Bay Area Homeland Development Interest in a controlled corporation       170,799,807                 7.52
         Fund (GP) Limited(2)
       Greater Bay Area Homeland             Interest in a controlled corporation       170,799,807                 7.52
         Investments Limited(2)
       LU Jian                               Beneficial owner                           127,011,920                 5.59
       Antchain Technology Pte. Ltd.(3)      Beneficial owner                           115,606,936                 5.09
       AntDigital Global Limited (3)
                                             Interest in a controlled corporation       115,606,936                 5.09
       AntChain Inc.(3)                      Interest in a controlled corporation       115,606,936                 5.09
       Libra Capital Holding Limited(3)      Interest in a controlled corporation       115,606,936                 5.09
       Libra Capital Hong Kong               Interest in a controlled corporation       115,606,936                 5.09
         Holding Limited (3)


       AntDigital Global Limited(3)          Interest in a controlled corporation       115,606,936                 5.09
       Shanghai Yunju Venture Capital        Interest in a controlled corporation       115,606,936                 5.09
         Co., Ltd.(3)
       Ant Group Co., Ltd.(3)                Interest in a controlled corporation       115,606,936                 5.09




28      Vobile Group Limited Interim Report 2024
                                                                                              OTHER INFORMATION

Notes:


(1)      All interests stated are long positions.


(2)      Poly Platinum Enterprise Limited is wholly owned by Greater Bay Area Homeland Development Fund LP, which is managed by Greater Bay
         Area Development Fund Management Limited. Greater Bay Area Homeland Development Fund (GP) Limited is the general partner of Greater
         Bay Area Homeland Development Fund LP. Greater Bay Area Homeland Development Fund (GP) Limited is in turn wholly owned by Greater
         Bay Area Homeland Investments Limited. Under the SFO, Greater Bay Area Homeland Development Fund (GP) Limited and Greater Bay Area
         Homeland Investments Limited are deemed to be interested in the Shares held by Poly Platinum Enterprise Limited.


(3)      The 115,606,936 Shares are held by Antchain Technology Pte. Ltd. Antchain Technology Pte. Ltd. is wholly-owned by AntDigital Global
         Limited, which is in turn wholly-owned by AntChain Inc. AntChain Inc. is wholly owned by Libra Capital Holding Limited, which is in turn
         wholly-owned by Libra Capital Hong Kong Holding Limited. Libra Capital Hong Kong Holding Limited is wholly owned by AntDigital Global
         Limited, which is in turn wholly-owned by Shanghai Yunju Venture Capital Co., Ltd. Shanghai Yunju Venture Capital Co., Ltd. is wholly-owned
         by Ant Group Co., Ltd., which was considered to be Antchain Technology Pte. Ltd.’s ultimate beneficial owner.


Save as disclosed above, as of 30 June 2024, the Directors have not been notified by any person (other than
the Directors or chief executive of the Company) who had interests or short positions in the Shares or underlying
Shares which shall be disclosed to the Company pursuant to Division 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or as recorded
in the register required to be kept pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO.



PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED SECURITIES OF THE COMPANY

During the six months ended 30 June 2024, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries had purchased, sold
or redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities.




                                                                                                                            Other Information 29
     INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
     PROFIT OR LOSS
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024



                                                              Six months ended 30 June
                                                                   2024          2023
                                                      Notes      HK$’000       HK$’000
                                                              (Unaudited)   (Unaudited)


       REVENUE                                         4       1,180,634      1,002,756
       Cost of services provided                                (676,517)      (609,983)


       Gross profit                                              504,117       392,773
       Other income and gains                          4           6,844         10,788
       Selling and marketing expenses                           (152,462)      (116,153)
       Administrative expenses                                   (93,646)      (78,468)
       Research and development expenses                        (142,902)      (95,290)
       Finance costs                                   6         (46,033)      (50,332)
       Share of profits and losses of associates                       —              1
       Other expenses                                             (6,086)       (18,184)


       PROFIT BEFORE TAX                               5          69,832        45,135
       Income tax expense                              7         (23,510)       (11,207)


       PROFIT FOR THE PERIOD                                      46,322        33,928


       Attributable to:
         Owners of the Company                                    41,474        29,163
         Non-controlling interests                                 4,848         4,765


                                                                  46,322        33,928


       EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO OWNERS OF
        THE COMPANY
        Basic — for profit for the period (HK$)        9          0.0184        0.0132
        Diluted — for profit for the period (HK$)      9          0.0171        0.0121




30      Vobile Group Limited Interim Report 2024
        INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
                              COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                         For the six months ended 30 June 2024



                                                                         Six months ended 30 June
                                                                              2024                2023
                                                                            HK$’000             HK$’000
                                                                         (Unaudited)         (Unaudited)


PROFIT FOR THE PERIOD                                                         46,322               33,928


OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS
Other comprehensive loss that may be reclassified to profit or loss in
  subsequent periods:
Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                    (39,267)              (69,115)


OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS FOR THE PERIOD, NET OF TAX                          (39,267)              (69,115)


TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(LOSS) FOR THE PERIOD                                7,055             (35,187)


Attributable to:
  Owners of the Company                                                         6,185             (33,763)
  Non-controlling interests                                                       870               (1,424)


                                                                                7,055             (35,187)




                                  Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 31
     INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
     FINANCIAL POSITION
     As at 30 June 2024



                                                                           30 June   31 December
                                                                             2024           2023
                                                               Notes      HK$’000         HK$’000
                                                                       (Unaudited)       (Audited)


       NON-CURRENT ASSETS
       Property, plant and equipment                            10          65,814         70,831
       Investment properties                                    11          68,245         70,234
       Right-of-use assets                                                  23,765          13,014
       Goodwill                                                          1,155,202      1,170,392
       Other intangible assets                                             418,942       436,696
       Investment in associates                                                972             999
       Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss    12         195,602        199,280
       Deferred tax assets                                                  73,985         86,615
       Prepayments and deposits                                              1,753           2,485


       Total non-current assets                                         2,004,280      2,050,546


       CURRENT ASSETS
       Inventories                                                           9,075           4,397
       Trade receivables                                        13       1,210,789      1,057,247
       Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                         173,891        128,420
       Tax recoverable                                                       6,652          10,614
       Pledged deposits                                                     14,859          14,841
       Cash and cash equivalents                                           301,645       240,043


       Total current assets                                              1,716,911      1,455,562


       CURRENT LIABILITIES
       Trade payables                                           14        465,057        450,875
       Other payables and accruals                                         117,253        98,187
       Interest-bearing borrowings                              15        318,845        131,303
       Lease liabilities                                                     6,671         8,398
       Tax payable                                                          27,191        43,284
       Convertible bonds                                        16           9,480         4,680


       Total current liabilities                                          944,497         736,727


       NET CURRENT ASSETS                                                 772,414         718,835


       TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                            2,776,694       2,769,381




32      Vobile Group Limited Interim Report 2024
        INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
                                  FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                      As at 30 June 2024



                                                                          30 June     31 December
                                                                            2024             2023
                                                              Notes      HK$’000           HK$’000
                                                                      (Unaudited)         (Audited)


NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
Convertible bonds                                              16        250,670            103,000
Interest-bearing borrowings                                    15        255,069            443,951
Lease liabilities                                                         17,436              5,143
Deferred tax liabilities                                                  71,608             77,475


Total non-current liabilities                                            594,783           629,569


Net assets                                                               2,181,911        2,139,812


EQUITY
Equity attributable to owners of the Company
Share capital                                                  17             447               441
Treasury shares                                                17           (2,411)         (32,604)
Equity component of convertible bonds                          16          17,546             8,614
Reserves                                                                1,979,813         1,977,715


                                                                        1,995,395         1,954,166
Non-controlling interests                                                 186,516           185,646


Total equity                                                             2,181,911        2,139,812




                                     Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 33
     INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
     CHANGES IN EQUITY
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024



                                                                                                 Attributable to owners of the Company

                                                                       Equity                                                                        Retained
                                                                  component                                                 Share     Exchange         profits/                     Non-
                                             Share Treasury of convertible        Share     Merger           Other compensation fluctuation (Accumulated                       controlling       Total
                                            capital    shares          bonds    premium*   reserve*        reserve*       reserve*      reserve*       losses)*       Total       Interest      equity
                                           HK$’000 HK$’000          HK$’000     HK$’000    HK$’000       HK$’000         HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000


         At 1 January 2024                    441     (32,604)         8,614 1,878,806       2,916        199,151         61,015      (135,023)       (29,150) 1,954,166        185,646      2,139,812


         Profit for the period                  —           —             —          —          —               —              —             —         41,474       41,474         4,848       46,322
         Exchange differences related to
             foreign operations                 —           —             —          —          —               —              —       (35,289)             —      (35,289)       (3,978)     (39,267)


         Total comprehensive income for
             the period                         —           —             —          —          —               —              —       (35,289)        41,474        6,185           870        7,055
         Equity-settled share
             compensation arrangements          6      30,193             —      (5,483)        —               —          1,396             —              —       26,112             —        26,112
         Issue of convertible bonds             —           —         8,932          —          —               —              —             —              —        8,932             —        8,932


         As at 30 June 2024 (Unaudited)       447      (2,411)       17,546 1,873,323        2,916        199,151         62,411      (170,312)        12,324 1,995,395          186,516     2,181,911


                                                                                                     Attributable to owners of the Company

                                                                       Equity                                                                         Retained
                                                                  component                                                 Share     Exchange         profits/                      Non-
                                             Share    Treasury of convertible     Share     Merger           Other compensation       fluctuation (Accumulated                 controlling        Total
                                            capital     shares         bonds    premium*    reserve*       reserve*        reserve*     reserve*       losses)*        Total      Interest       equity
                                           HK$’000    HK$’000        HK$’000    HK$’000    HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000


         At 1 January 2023                    417     (79,893)         8,614 1,405,598       2,916         199,151        69,089        (92,111)      (21,332) 1,492,449          181,186    1,673,635


         Profit for the period                  —           —             —          —          —               —              —             —         29,163       29,163         4,765       33,928
         Exchange differences related to
             foreign operations                 —           —             —          —          —               —              —       (62,926)             —      (62,926)        (6,189)     (69,115)


         Total comprehensive loss for
             the period                         —           —             —          —          —               —              —       (62,926)        29,163      (33,763)        (1,424)     (35,187)
         Issue of shares                       22           —             —     464,283         —               —              —             —              —      464,305             —      464,305
         Equity-settled share
             compensation arrangements           1     28,819             —        624          —               —         (10,393)           —              —        19,051            —        19,051


         As at 30 June 2023 (Unaudited)       440      (51,074)        8,614 1,870,505       2,916         199,151        58,696       (155,037)        7,831     1,942,042      179,762     2,121,804


     *         These reserve accounts comprise the consolidated reserves of HK$1,979,813,000 and HK$1,984,062,000 in the consolidated statements of
               financial position as at 30 June 2024 and 2023, respectively.




34         Vobile Group Limited Interim Report 2024
        INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
                                         CASH FLOWS
                                                                          For the six months ended 30 June 2024



                                                                               2024                2023
                                                                 Notes       HK$’000             HK$’000
                                                                          (Unaudited)         (Unaudited)


CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Profit before tax                                                              69,832               45,135
Adjustments for:
Finance costs                                                       6          46,033               50,332
Interest Income                                                    4            (1,850)             (2,822)
Depreciation of items of property, plant and equipment             10            7,860                6,860
Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                              6,693                5,325
Amortisation of other intangible assets                                        50,691               48,486
Loss on extinguishment of debts                                    15                —                6,195
(Reversal of impairment)/impairment of financial assets            13             (892)               3,879
Share of profits and losses of associates                                            —                    (1)
Change in fair value of financial assets at FVTPL                                  415                 (212)
Equity-settled share compensation expense                                      17,524                18,156


                                                                              196,306              181,333

(Increase)/decrease in inventories                                             (4,678)              15,384
Increase in trade receivables                                                (152,650)           (276,093)
Increase in prepayments, deposits and other receivables                       (44,739)             (71,768)
Increase/(decrease) in trade payables                                           21,361            199,928
Increase in other payables and accruals                                        20,932              80,507


Cash generated from operations                                                 36,532              129,291
Interest received                                                               1,832                2,822
Overseas taxes paid                                                           (27,346)             (23,387)


Net cash flows from operating activities                                        11,018             108,726


CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Purchase of items of property, plant and equipment                 10          (4,569)              (5,634)
Additions of other intangible assets                                          (44,510)             (79,670)
Purchase of financial assets at FVTPL                                            (433)               (1,226)


Net cash flows used in investing activities                                   (49,512)             (86,530)




                                               Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 35
     INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
     CASH FLOWS
     For the six months ended 30 June 2024



                                                                                          2024           2023
                                                                             Notes      HK$’000        HK$’000
                                                                                     (Unaudited)    (Unaudited)


       CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
       Proceeds from issue of convertible bonds                               16        154,642              —
       Proceeds from issue of shares                                          17           8,588       464,305
       Proceeds from interest-bearing borrowings                              15          62,331        40,144
       Decrease in pledged deposit                                                            —        193,493
       Repayment of interest-bearing borrowings                               15        (66,568)      (602,243)
       Interest paid                                                                     (33,127)      (56,243)
       Principal portion of lease payments                                                (6,886)        (5,292)


       Net cash flows from financing activities                                         118,980         34,164


       NET INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                                         80,486         56,360
       Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period                                240,043         226,495
       Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net                                     (18,884)       (34,648)


       CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF PERIOD                                       301,645        248,207


       ANALYSIS OF BALANCES OF CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
       Cash and bank balances                                                           184,798        161,228
       Time deposits with original maturity of less than three months when
         acquired                                                                       116,847         86,979


       Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the statement of cash flows               301,645        248,207




36      Vobile Group Limited Interim Report 2024
           NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                        30 June 2024



1.   CORPORATE INFORMATION

     The Company was incorporated as an exempted company with limited liability in the Cayman Islands on 28
     July 2016 under the Companies Law, Chapter 22 of the Cayman Islands. The registered address of the office
     of the Company is Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive, P.O. Box 2681, Grand Cayman KY1-1111, Cayman Islands.

     The Company is an investment holding company. During the period, the Group was principally engaged in
     providing Software as a Service (“SaaS”).



2.   BASIS OF PREPARATION AND CHANGES TO THE GROUP’S ACCOUNTING POLICIES

     2.1 Basis of Preparation
          The interim condensed consolidated financial statements for the six months ended 30 June 2024 have
          been prepared in accordance with IAS 34 Interim Financial Reporting and the disclosure requirement
          of Appendix 16 of the Listing Rules. The accounting policies and basis of preparation adopted in the
          preparation of the condensed consolidated interim financial statements are the same as those used in
          the preparation of the annual financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023. The interim
          condensed consolidated financial information are presented in Hong Kong dollar (“HK$”) and all values
          are rounded to the nearest thousand (HK$’000) except when otherwise indicated.

     2.2 Changes In Accounting Policies and Disclosures
          The accounting policies adopted in the preparation of the interim condensed consolidated financial
          information are consistent with those applied in the preparation of the Group’s annual consolidated
          financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023, except for the adoption of the following
          revised International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”) for the first time for the current period’s
          financial information.

          Amendments to IFRS 16          Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback
          Amendment to IAS 1             Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current (the “2020
                                           Amendments”)
          Amendments to IAS 1            Non-current Liabilities with Covenants (the “2022 Amendments”)
          Amendments to IAS 7 and IFRS 7 Supplier Finance Arrangements

          The new and revised standards are not relevant to the preparation of the Group’s interim condensed
          consolidated financial statements.




                                      Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 37
     NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     30 June 2024



     3.    OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION

           For management purposes, the Group had only one reportable operating segment, which was offering SaaS
           to help content owners protect their content from unauthorised use, measure the viewership of their content,
           and monetize their content during the period. Since this is the only reportable operating segment of the
           Group, no further operating segment analysis is presented.

           Geographical information
           (a) Revenue from external customers

                                                                                        Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                            2024              2023
                                                                                          HK$’000           HK$’000
                                                                                       (Unaudited)       (Unaudited)


                    Mainland China                                                          604,797         560,038
                    United States                                                           571,780         439,789
                    Other countries/regions                                                   4,057           2,929


                                                                                         1,180,634         1,002,756


                The revenue information above is based on the locations of the customers.

           (b) Non-current assets

                                                                                           30 June     31 December
                                                                                             2024             2023
                                                                                          HK$’000           HK$’000
                                                                                       (Unaudited)         (Audited)


                    Mainland China                                                       1,092,044         1,137,390
                    United States                                                          627,144           618,163
                    Other countries/regions                                                 15,505             9,098


                                                                                         1,734,693         1,764,651


                The non-current asset information of continuing operations above is based on the locations of the
                assets and excludes financial instruments and deferred tax assets.




38        Vobile Group Limited Interim Report 2024
           NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                   FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     30 June 2024



3.   OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

     Information about major customers
     Revenue derived from sales to major customers, including sales to a group of entities which are known to be
     under common control with those customers, which accounted for 10% or more of the Group’s revenue for
     the six months ended 30 June 2024 is as follows:

                                                                                 Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                      2024             2023
                                                                                    HK$’000          HK$’000
                                                                                 (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)


       Customer A                                                                   180,929           160,658
       Customer B                                                                   134,623           101,937



4.   REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS

     Revenue represents the value of services rendered during the period.

     An analysis of revenue and other income and gains is as follows:

                                                                                 Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                      2024             2023
                                                                                    HK$’000          HK$’000
                                                                                 (Unaudited)      (Unaudited)


      Revenue from contracts with customers
      Rendering of services                                                        1,180,634        1,002,756


       Other income and gains
       Bank Interest income                                                            1,850            2,822
       Foreign exchange gains                                                          1,493              120
       Fair value gain on financial assets measured at FVTPL                               —              212
       Other                                                                           3,501            7,634


                                                                                       6,844           10,788




                                      Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 39
     NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     30 June 2024



     5.    PROFIT BEFORE TAX

           The Group’s profit before tax is arrived at after charging/(crediting):

                                                                                                                Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                                    2024                  2023
                                                                                                                  HK$’000               HK$’000
                                                                                                               (Unaudited)           (Unaudited)


               Cost of services provided                                                                            676,517               609,983


               Employee benefit expense (including Directors’ and chief executive’s
                 remuneration)
               Wages and salaries                                                                                    96,287                 90,784
               Equity-settled share compensation expense                                                             17,524                  18,156
               Directors’ fee                                                                                         1,798                   1,509
               Other benefits                                                                                         5,982                   6,100
               Pension scheme contributions                                                                           3,455                   3,237


                                                                                                                    125,046                119,786

               Depreciation of items of property, plant and equipment                                                  7,860                6,860
               Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                                     6,693                5,325
               Amortisation of intangible assets                                                                     50,691                48,486
               Lease payments not included in the measurement of lease liabilities                                       376                1,336
               (Reversal of impairment)/impairment of trade receivables                                                 (892)               3,879
               Research and development expenses                                                                    142,902                95,290
               Auditor’s remuneration                                                                                  2,271                2,265
               Bank interest income (Note 4)                                                                          (1,850)              (2,822)
               Loss on derecognition of financial liabilities measured at amortised cost                                   —                6,195
               Changes in fair value of financial assets at FVTPL, net                                                   415                 (212)
               Foreign exchange differences, net                                                                       2,850                7,658


           *      There are no forfeited contributions that may be used by the Group as the employer to reduce the existing level of contributions.




40        Vobile Group Limited Interim Report 2024
            NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                      30 June 2024



6.   FINANCE COSTS

     An analysis of finance costs is as follows:

                                                                                  Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                      2024              2023
                                                                                    HK$’000           HK$’000
                                                                                 (Unaudited)       (Unaudited)


       Interest on borrowings (including convertible bonds)                           45,689            50,014
       Nominal interest on lease liabilities                                             344               318


                                                                                      46,033           50,332



7.   INCOME TAX EXPENSE

     Income tax represents primarily United States, Mainland China, Hong Kong and Japan enterprise income tax
     charged on the Group. United States income tax applicable to the Group is charged at the federal tax rate of
     21% (2023 21%) for the six months ended 30 June 2024. The income tax applicable to profits arising in Hong
     Kong was provided at a statutory tax rate of 16.5% (2023 16.5%) during the six months ended 30 June 2024.
     The income tax applicable to profits arising in Mainland China was provided at a statutory tax rate of 25%
     during the six months ended 30 June 2024 except for certain subsidiaries of the Group in Mainland China,
     that were accredited as “High and New Technology Enterprises” and entitled to a preferential rate is 15%
     in three years respectively. Taxes on profits assessable elsewhere have been calculated at the rates of tax
     prevailing in the jurisdictions in which the Group operates.

     The major components of income tax expense for the six months ended 30 June are as follows:

                                                                                  Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                      2024              2023
                                                                                    HK$’000           HK$’000
                                                                                 (Unaudited)       (Unaudited)


       Current — United States
        Charge for the period                                                              31              797
       Current — Mainland China
        Charge for the period                                                          16,032           13,443
       Deferred tax expense                                                             7,447           (3,033)


       Total tax expense for the period                                                23,510           11,207




                                        Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 41
     NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     30 June 2024



     8.    DIVIDENDS

           The Board does not recommend payment of any dividend for the period ended 30 June 2024 (2023 Nil).



     9.    EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO OWNERS OF THE COMPANY

           The calculation of the basic earnings per share amounts is based on the profit for the period attributable
           to owners of the Company, and the weighted average number of ordinary shares of 2,252,048,052 (2023
           2,210,092,429) in issue during the period.

           The calculations of earnings per share attributable to owners of the Company for each of the six months
           ended 30 June 2024 and 2023 are based on the following data:

                                                                                                             Six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                                 2024                     2023
                                                                                                               HK$’000                  HK$’000
                                                                                                            (Unaudited)              (Unaudited)


               Profit
               Profit attributable to owners of the Company, used in the basic
                 and diluted earnings per share calculation                                                       41,474                   29,163
               Interest on convertible bonds                                                                       6,442                    5,227


               Profit attributable to owners of the Company before
                 interest on convertible bond                                                                     47,916                   34,390


               Shares
               Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during
                 the period used in the basic earnings per share calculation                           2,252,048,052             2,210,092,429
               Effect of dilution — Weighted average number of ordinary shares
               Share options                                                                               169,515,604              198,716,685
               Convertible bonds                                                                            39,856,657               21,992,481


               Weighted average number of ordinary share options for
                the purpose of diluted earnings per share calculation                                   2,461,420,313            2,430,801,595


           *      Because the diluted earnings per share amount is increased when taking convertible bonds into account, the convertible bonds had
                  an anti-dilutive effect on basic earnings per share for the period and were ignored in the calculation of diluted earnings per share.
                  Therefore, the diluted earnings per share amounts are based on the profit for the period of HK$41,474,000 (2023 HK$29,163,000)
                  and the weighted average number of ordinary shares of 2,421,563,656 (2023 2,408,809,114) in issue during the six months ended
                  30 June 2024 which excluded the interest on the convertible bonds of HK$6,442,000 (2023 HK$5,227,000) and the weighted
                  average number of ordinary shares of 39,856,657 (2023 21,992,481) from convertible bonds.




42        Vobile Group Limited Interim Report 2024
         NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                              30 June 2024



10. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                                                              30 June     31 December
                                                                                2024             2023
                                                                             HK$’000           HK$’000
                                                                          (Unaudited)         (Audited)


    Carrying amount at 1 January                                               70,831           47,140
    Additions                                                                   4,569           33,971
    Depreciation provided during the period/year                               (7,860)          (9,489)
    Exchange realignment                                                        (1,726)            (791)


    Carrying amount at 30 June/31 December                                     65,814           70,831



11. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES

                                                                              30 June     31 December
                                                                                2024             2023
                                                                             HK$’000           HK$’000
                                                                          (Unaudited)         (Audited)


    Carrying amount at 1 January                                               70,234          66,446
    Additions                                                                       —            1,778
    Net gain from a fair value adjustment                                           —           3,468
    Exchange realignment                                                        (1,989)         (1,458)


    Carrying amount at 30 June/31 December                                     68,245           70,234


   The Group investment properties under construction amounted to HK$68,245,000 will be held under
   leasehold interests to earn rentals after completion are measured using the fair value model, and are
   classified and accounted for as investment properties.




                                   Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 43
     NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     30 June 2024



     12. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS

                                                                                          30 June      31 December
                                                                                            2024              2023
                                                                                         HK$’000            HK$’000
                                                                                      (Unaudited)          (Audited)


             Call option, at fair value                                                   133,322           137,014
             Other unlisted investments, at fair value                                     62,280            62,266


                                                                                          195,602           199,280


          The above equity investments were classified as financial assets at FVTPL as the Group has not elected to
          recognise the fair value gain or loss through other comprehensive income. The above unlisted investments
          were asset management schemes managed by non-bank financial institutions. The above call option is a
          derivative financial instrument which allow the Group, at the Group’s discretion, to acquire the remaining
          38.82% in Particle Technology at consideration of RMB542 million in steps in 2025.



     13. TRADE RECEIVABLES

                                                                                          30 June      31 December
                                                                                            2024              2023
                                                                                         HK$’000            HK$’000
                                                                                      (Unaudited)          (Audited)


             Trade receivables                                                           1,221,566        1,068,916
             Impairment                                                                     (10,777)         (11,669)


                                                                                         1,210,789        1,057,247


          The Group’s trading terms with its debtors are usually 10 to 180 days. The Group always recognises lifetime
          ECLs for all trade receivables and measures the lifetime ECL on a specific basis according to management’s
          assessment of the recoverability of an individual receivable. Management considers the number of days
          that an individual receivable is outstanding, historical experience and forward-looking information to
          determine the recoverability of the trade receivable. The Group does not hold any collateral or other credit
          enhancements over its trade receivables balances. Trade receivables are unsecured and non-interest-
          bearing.




44      Vobile Group Limited Interim Report 2024
         NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                      30 June 2024



13. TRADE RECEIVABLES (Continued)

   An ageing analysis of the current trade receivables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the
   invoice date and net of loss allowance, is as follows:

                                                                                     30 June     31 December
                                                                                       2024             2023
                                                                                    HK$’000           HK$’000
                                                                                 (Unaudited)         (Audited)


     Within 1 year                                                                 1,175,507         1,033,610
     Over 1 year                                                                      35,282            23,637


                                                                                   1,210,789         1,057,247


   The movements in loss allowance for impairment of trade receivables are as follows:

                                                                                     30 June     31 December
                                                                                       2024             2023
                                                                                    HK$’000           HK$’000
                                                                                 (Unaudited)         (Audited)


     At beginning of period/year                                                      11,669               803
     (Reversal of impairment)/impairment of trade receivables, net                      (892)           10,866


     At end of the period/year                                                        10,777            11,669


   An impairment analysis is performed at each reporting date using a provision matrix to measure expected
   credit losses. The provision rates are based on days past due for groupings of various customer segments
   with similar loss patterns (i.e., by geographical region, product type, customer type and rating, and coverage
   by letters of credit or other forms of credit insurance). The calculation reflects the probability-weighted
   outcome, the time value of money and reasonable and supportable information that is available at the
   reporting date about past events, current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions. Generally,
   trade receivables are written off if past due for more than one year and are not subject to enforcement
   activity.




                                     Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 45
     NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     30 June 2024



     13. TRADE RECEIVABLES (Continued)

          Set out below is the information about the credit risk exposure on the Group’s trade receivables using a
          provision matrix:

          As at 30 June 2024

                                                                            Past due

                                                                Less than          1 to        Over
                                                     Current       1 year      2 years      2 years        Total


             Expected credit loss rate                0.09%        9.94%       25.03%         100%       0.88%
             Gross carrying amount (HK$’000)       1,127,285      92,428         1,710          143   1,221,566
             Expected credit losses (HK$’000)          1,019        9,187         428           143      10,777


          As at 31 December 2023

                                                                            Past due

                                                                Less than           1 to       Over
                                                      Current      1 year       2 years     2 years        Total


             Expected credit loss rate                 0.08%        4.71%       19.46%        100%         1.09%
             Gross carrying amount (HK$’000)         946,250       92,423       29,348         895     1,068,916
             Expected credit losses (HK$’000)             714       4,349         5,711        895        11,669




46      Vobile Group Limited Interim Report 2024
         NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                      30 June 2024



14. TRADE PAYABLES

   An ageing analysis of the trade payables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice date, is
   as follows:

                                                                                    30 June       31 December
                                                                                      2024               2023
                                                                                   HK$’000             HK$’000
                                                                                (Unaudited)           (Audited)


     Within 1 year                                                                  465,057           450,875


   The trade payables are non-interest-bearing and are normally settled on within 1 year terms.



15. INTEREST-BEARING BORROWINGS

   As at 30 June 2024, the Group’s interest-bearing borrowings consisted of (i) secured interest-bearing
   borrowings with carrying amount of HK$412,203,000 (HK$157,134,000 as current liabilities and
   HK$255,069,000 as non-current liabilities), which bear interest at secured overnight financing rate plus
   seven percent and secured by the shares, intellectual property, trade receivables and bank balances of
   all material subsidiaries of the Group, and (ii) current unsecured interest-bearing borrowings with carrying
   amount of HK$161,711,000 (31 December 2023 HK$131,303,000), which bear interests at three point four
   five percent to four point eight percent (31 December 2023 three point five percent to four point eight
   percent).

                                                                                    30 June       31 December
                                                                                      2024               2023
                                                                                   HK$’000             HK$’000
                                                                                (Unaudited)           (Audited)


     Analysed into
      Bank loans repayable:
      Within one year or on demand                                                  318,845           131,303
      In the second year                                                            255,069           195,204
      In the third year                                                                  —            248,747


     Total                                                                          573,914           575,254




                                    Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 47
     NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     30 June 2024



     16. CONVERTIBLE BONDS

          On 16 August 2022, the Company issued convertible bonds in an aggregate principal amount of
          HK$117,000,000 to Lucion International Investment Limited, an investment holding company incorporated
          in Hong Kong. The convertible bonds have an initial conversion price of HK$5.32 per Share. The convertible
          bonds are convertible into shares of the Company. The convertible bonds bear simple interest on their
          outstanding principal amount at the rate of 4% per annum, payable annually in arrears, and will mature in the
          three years from the issue date. The annual effective interest rate of the debt component is 10.69%.

          On 24 May 2024, the Company issued convertible bonds in an aggregate principal amount of
          HK$159,997,200 to Poly Platinum Enterprises Limited, an investment holding company incorporated in the
          British Virgin Islands with limited liability and a wholly-controlled subsidiary of Greater Bay Area Homeland
          Development Fund LP. The convertible bonds have an initial conversion price of HK$1.87 per Share. The
          convertible bonds are convertible into shares of the Company. The convertible bonds bear simple interest on
          their outstanding principal amount at the rate of 3% per annum, payable annually in arrears, and will mature in
          the two years from the issue date. The annual effective interest rate of the debt component is 3.49%.

          The fair value of the liability component was estimated at the issuance date using an equivalent market
          interest rate for a similar bond without a conversion option. The residual amount is assigned as the equity
          component and is included in shareholders’ equity.

          The convertible bonds issued have been split into the liability and equity components as follows:

                                                                                            30 June      31 December
                                                                                              2024              2023
                                                                                           HK$’000            HK$’000
                                                                                        (Unaudited)          (Audited)


             Liability component at 1 January                                               107,680            101,686
             Nominal value of convertible bonds issued during the period/year               159,997                 —
             Equity component                                                                (8,932)                —
             Direct transaction costs attributable to the equity component                     (299)                —
             Direct transaction costs attributable to the liability component                (5,056)                —


             Liability component at the issuance date                                       253,390            101,686
             Interest expense                                                                 6,442             10,644
             Interest paid                                                                        —             (4,446)
             Exchange realignment                                                               318               (204)


             Liability component at end of period/year                                      260,150           107,680
             Portion classified as current liabilities                                       (9,480)           (4,680)


             Non-current portion                                                            250,670           103,000




48      Vobile Group Limited Interim Report 2024
             NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                                     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                                    30 June 2024



17. SHARE CAPITAL

                                                                                                              30 June          31 December
                                                                                                                2024                  2023
                                                                                                             HK$’000                HK$’000
                                                                                                          (Unaudited)              (Audited)


     Issued and fully paid (US$0.000025 per share):
       2,272,443,656 (31 December 2023 2,240,443,656) ordinary shares                                               447                   441


   A summary of movements in the Company’s share capital is as follows:

                                                                                                            Number of
                                                              Number of                    Share             treasury               Treasury
                                                          shares in issue                 capital              shares                 shares
                                                                                         HK$’000                                     HK$’000


     At 1 January 2024                                     2,240,443,656                       441          11,775,268                (32,604)
     Exercise of share options (a)                            32,000,000                         6                  —                      —
     Transferred during the year for share
       award scheme (b)                                                    —                     —        (10,904,370)                 30,193


     At 30 June 2024                                       2,272,443,656                       447             870,898                  (2,411)


   Notes:


   (a)      On 26 April 2024, the subscription rights attaching to 32,000,000 share options were exercised at the subscription price
            of US$0.034375 per share, resulting in the issue of 32,000,000 shares for a total cash consideration, before expenses, of
            HK$8,588,000. An amount of HK$2,823,000 was transferred from the share compensation reserve to share capital upon the exercise
            of the share options.


   (b)      On 6 May 2019, the Board adopted a 10-year Share Award Plan (the “Share Award Plan”) to incentivise, recognise and reward the
            contributions of certain eligible persons (“Eligible Persons”) to the growth and development of the Group.


            Pursuant to the Share Award Plan, the ordinary shares of US$0.000025 each in the capital of the Company will be acquired by
            the trustee at the cost of the Company and will be held in trust for the Eligible Persons before vesting. The total number of shares
            granted under the Share Award Plan shall be limited to 10% of the total issued share capital of the Company.


            The Board has delegated the power and authority to a trustee to handle operational matters of the Share Award Plan but all major
            decisions in relation to the Share Award Plan shall be made by the Board unless expressly provided for in the Share Award Plan rules
            pursuant to the Share Award Plan or the Board resolves to delegate such power to the trustee.


            Pursuant to the Share Award Plan rules, the Board may, from time to time, at its absolute discretion and subject to such terms and
            conditions as it may think fit, select any participants for participation in the Share Award Plan as Eligible Persons and determine the
            number of awarded shares.


            During the six months ended 30 June 2024, 10,904,370 shares were transferred under the Share Award Plan.




                                                 Notes to the Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 49
     NOTES TO THE INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     30 June 2024



     18. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

          Outstanding balances with related parties:

          As at 30 June 2024, there were no outstanding balances with related parties.



     19. APPROVAL OF THE UNAUDITED INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
         STATEMENTS

          The unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements were approved and authorised for issue
          by the board of Directors on 30 August 2024.




50      Vobile Group Limited Interim Report 2024
                                                                                           DEFINITIONS

In this report, unless the context otherwise requires, the following expressions shall have the following meanings:

“AIGC”                               artificial intelligence generated content

“Audit Committee”                    the audit committee of the Company

“Board”                              the board of Directors

“CG Code”                            the corporate governance code as set out in Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules

“Company”                            Vobile Group Limited, an exempted company incorporated with limited
                                     liability under the laws of the Cayman Islands and the shares of which are
                                     listed on the Stock Exchange

“Determination Date”                 a date on which the exercisability of the Share Options is determined, which
                                     shall be a day on which the Stock Exchange is open for trading

“Directors”                          the directors of the Company

“EBITDA”                             earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation

“FVTPL”                              fair value through profit or loss

“GenAI”                              generative artificial intelligence

“Group”                              the Company and its subsidiaries

“HKD” or “HK$”                       Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong

“Hong Kong”                          the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People’s Republic of
                                     China

“IAS”                                International Accounting Standards

“IFRS”                               International Financial Reporting Standards

“IP”                                 Intellectual property

“Listing Rules”                      the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange

“Market Capitalisation Milestone”    the milestones for exercisability of the tranches of the share options
                                     comprising the achievement of increases in Market Capitalisation of the
                                     Company on a Determination Date in nine US$1 billion increments

“Model Code”                         the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers as
                                     set out in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules

“Mr. Chan”                           Mr. CHAN Ching Yan Daniel



                                                                                                        Definitions 51
     DEFINITIONS

     “Mr. Chu”                        Mr. Alfred Tsai CHU

     “Mr. Eesley”                     Mr. Charles Eric EESLEY

     “Mr. Kwan”                       Mr. KWAN Ngai Kit

     “Mr. Matsuzawa”                  Mr. MATSUZAWA Masaaki

     “Mr. Tang”                       Mr. TANG Yi Hoi Hermes

     “Mr. Wang”                       Mr. Yangbin Bernard WANG

     “Mr. Wargo”                      Mr. J David WARGO

     “Mr. Wong”                       Mr. WONG Wai Kwan

     “Operational Milestones”         the vesting criteria for a tranche of the share option relating to annual
                                      revenue of the Company on a Determination Date or annual adjusted EBITDA
                                      of the Company on a Determination Date

     “Particle Technology”            Hangzhou Particle Culture Technology Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries and
                                      Hangzhou New Particle Culture Technology Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries

     “PRC” or “China”                 the People’s Republic of China. For the purposes of this interim report only
                                      and except where the context requires otherwise, excludes Hong Kong,
                                      Macau and Taiwan

     “Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme”    the share option scheme of the Company adopted on 30 December 2016

     “Post-IPO Share Option Scheme”   the share option scheme of the Company adopted on 8 December 2017

     “RMB” or “Renminbi”              the lawful currency of the PRC

     “SaaS”                           Software as a Service

     “Share(s)”                       ordinary share(s) of US$0.000025 each in the share capital of the Company

     “Share Award Plan”               The share award plan of the Company adopted by the Company on 6 May
                                      2019, as amended from time to time

     “Stock Exchange”                 The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

     “USD” or “US$”                   the lawful currency of the United States




52      Vobile Group Limited Interim Report 2024
