Vobile Group Limited 阜博集團有限公司   Annual Report 2023 年報
CONTENTS

    02   Corporate Information

    04   Chairman’s Statement

    06   Management Discussion and Analysis

    22   Directors and Senior Management

    26   Directors’ Report

    42   Corporate Governance Report

    55   Independent Auditor’s Report

    60   Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss

    61   Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income

    62   Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

    64   Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

    66   Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

    68   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

   148   Five Year Financial Summary

   149   Definitions
    CORPORATE INFORMATION

    EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                                   NOMINATION COMMITTEE

    Mr. Yangbin Bernard WANG (“Mr. Wang”)                 Mr. Alfred Tsai CHU (Chairperson)
     (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)               Mr. CHAN Ching Yan Daniel
    Mr. WONG Wai Kwan (“Mr. Wong”)                        Mr. Charles Eric EESLEY
    Mr. MATSUZAWA Masaaki (retired on 30 June 2023)       Mr. KWAN Ngai Kit
                                                          Mr. Yangbin Bernard WANG

    NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
                                                          REGISTERED OFFICE
    Mr. TANG Yi Hoi Hermes (“Mr. Tang”) (Vice-Chairman)
     (appointed on 18 July 2023)                          Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive
    Mr. CHAN Ching Yan Daniel (“Mr. Chan”)                P.O. Box 2681
    Mr. J David WARGO (“Mr. Wargo”)                       Grand Cayman KY1-1111
                                                          Cayman Islands

    INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE
    DIRECTORS                                             HEADQUARTERS AND PRINCIPAL PLACE
                                                          OF BUSINESS IN HONG KONG
    Mr. Alfred Tsai CHU (“Mr. Chu”)
    Mr. Charles Eric EESLEY (“Mr. Eesley”)                Suite 3712, 37/F
    Mr. KWAN Ngai Kit (“Mr. Kwan”)                        Tower 2, Times Square
                                                          1 Matheson Street
                                                          Causeway Bay
    COMPANY SECRETARY                                     Hong Kong

    Mr. HO Sai Hong Vincent (“Mr. Ho”)
                                                          PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN THE US

    AUDIT COMMITTEE                                       2880 Lakeside Drive, Suite 360
                                                          Santa Clara, CA 95054
    Mr. KWAN Ngai Kit (Chairperson)                       United States
    Mr. Alfred Tsai CHU
    Mr. Charles Eric EESLEY
    Mr. J David WARGO                                     PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN THE PRC

                                                          Building 17-1, Headquarters Economy Park
    REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                                for Alumni Corporation of Zhejiang University
                                                          397 Cangxing Street
    Mr. Charles Eric EESLEY (Chairperson)                 Yuhang District, Hangzhou
    Mr. Alfred Tsai CHU
    Mr. KWAN Ngai Kit
    Mr. Yangbin Bernard WANG                              AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES
    Mr. J David WARGO
                                                          Mr. HO Sai Hong Vincent
                                                          Mr. WONG Wai Kwan




02 Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2023
                                                           CORPORATE INFORMATION

AUDITOR                                                 HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR
                                                        AND TRANSFER OFFICE
Ernst & Young
Certified Public Accountants                            Tricor Investor Services Limited
Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor               17/F, Far East Finance Centre
27/F, One Taikoo Place                                  16 Harcourt Road
979 King’s Road                                         Hong Kong
Quarry Bay, Hong Kong

                                                        COMPANY WEBSITE
LEGAL ADVISERS
                                                        vobile.com
As to Hong Kong law:
Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer
55th floor, One Island East                             STOCK CODE
Taikoo Place, Quarry Bay, Hong Kong
                                                        3738
As to US law:
Pillsbury Winthrop Shaw Pittman LLP
2550 Hanover Street
Palo Alto, CA 94304-1115
United States

As to PRC law:
Fangda Partners
24/F, HKRI Centre Two
HKRI Taikoo Hui
288 Shi Men Yi Road
Shanghai 200041, China



PRINCIPAL BANKERS

The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.



PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND
TRANSFER OFFICE

Conyers Trust Company (Cayman) Limited
Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive
P.O. Box 2681
Grand Cayman KY1-1111
Cayman Islands




                                                                                       Corporate Information 03
    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT

    Dear Shareholders,

    2023 marked a pivotal year in the development of Vobile Group, bridging past achievements with future
    aspirations. The Group has completed the business and operational deployment across major global markets and
    achieved initial success in promoting high-quality business growth through optimizing strategic resource
    allocation, significantly improving operational metrics. The Group’s annual revenue exceeded two billion Hong
    Kong dollars, continuing a strong growth trajectory. The operational results over the years validate the foresight of
    the Group’s strategy. The proper strategic positioning has led to sustained business growth, achieving inspiring
    targets and laying a solid foundation for the next phase of leapfrog.

    As a technology growth company, we deeply understand the significant impact of technological transformations
    on the evolution of industries. The era of AI has arrived, and with the continuous development and popularization
    of blockchain technology, Web3 has become inevitable. Content production and distribution are entering a new
    era of exponential growth, and a more complex content ecosystem is making effective copyright management and
    rights identification mechanisms essential infrastructure for the global digital content market. Our profound
    insights into media industry trends and our advanced strategic positioning are being validated, allowing us to
    capture unprecedented growth opportunities.

    Over the past decade, Vobile has provided long-term stable and reliable services for major clients in the global
    media industry, focused on copyright protection and increasing its value. We have earned the trust from our
    clients and established strong customer relationships. In the new era, Generative AI will fully unleash creative
    productivity. We are leveraging our technological and brand advantages, together with our trusted clients, to
    shape the new business models of copyright management and monetization for the Generative AI era. This will
    become an essential link in the new content ecosystem. In the new year, Vobile is ready to embark on rapid
    development, capitalize on disruptive changes to once again achieve leapfrog.

    Previously, Vobile had already identified Generative AI and Web3 as critical priorities for the next phase of growth,
    continuing to increase investment in research and development. Vobile is fully committed to building essential
    technological infrastructure for digital content asset protection and transactions. We are scaling up the efficiency
    of content rights identification and revenue distribution, laying a solid foundation to provide comprehensive
    system solutions to our clients. This will soon enable us to offer services on a massive scale, meeting the needs
    for breakthrough growth in future business.

    At the same time, we are actively facing challenges. In 2023, the Hong Kong stock market continued to plummet,
    and the financial market atmosphere was bleak. Some market participants resorted to abusive short selling and
    profiting from misconduct, which created difficult situation for many small and medium-sized tech companies
    listed in Hong Kong Stock Exchange. In response to these challenges, Vobile and relevant stakeholders have been
    communicating with the appropriate departments and institutions. With the introduction and implementation of
    policies aimed at the high-quality development of the capital market, we believe that these issues will be resolved,
    and market misconducts will undoubtedly be penalized. We firmly believe that the company value will eventually
    be recognized and that Hong Kong as an international financial centre will surely have a brighter future.




04 Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2023
                                                                     CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT

Additionally, Vobile Group places high importance on and actively fulfills its corporate social responsibilities. We
collaborated with well-known charitable organizations, participating in a diverse array of public welfare projects
through donations and providing digital educational equipment, demonstrating our care for vulnerable groups in
society. Simultaneously, the Group leveraged professional expertise to organize multiple forums on intellectual
property and digital culture, creating platforms for dialogue and promoting the development of the industry. By
utilizing our industry resources, we supported numerous artists and creators in holding cultural and artistic events
in 2023, fostering the exploration of new models integrating art and technology, and building an innovative and
inclusive business environment.

We profoundly recognize the magnitude of the opportunities presented by this new era. We are fully confident in
our future development. In the coming year, Vobile will stand on a new starting point. Our global team will
collaborate closely to pursue high-quality development, leveraging the advantages of our strategic positioning and
efficient execution to achieve our strategic goals. We will further solidify our leading position in the global industry,
continue to lead through profound industry transformations, serve content creators worldwide, and fully commit to
our mission of Making Creative Content More Valuable.



THANK YOU

On behalf of the Board of Directors, I would like to express my gratitude to all our clients, shareholders, and
investors for their unwavering trust and support towards Vobile, as well as to all our employees, experts,
consultants, and business partners for their dedication and the outstanding services provided. We will continue to
uphold innovation and strive forward along our strategic direction, aiming to deliver greater value and give back to
our stakeholders.




Yangbin Bernard WANG
Chairman, Executive Director, and Chief Executive Officer
Vobile Group Limited

31 March 2024




                                                                                               Chairman’s Statement 05
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

    BUSINESS OVERVIEW AND PROSPECTS

    Company Overview
    Vobile Group is a leading global provider of digital content asset protection and transaction software as a service
    (SaaS). Vobile develops a series of software services based on its core patented VDNA fingerprinting and
    watermarking technologies to protect copyrights and increase distribution revenue for digital content asset
    owners, such as movie studios, TV networks, and streaming platforms. The Group is committed to empowering the
    digital culture industry with AI technologies and offers digital infrastructure service capabilities for digital asset
    protection and transaction related in the Web3 era. The Group provides customers with efficient professional
    solutions through subscription and value-added services.

    Vobile continues to accumulate its core capabilities of digital content rights protection and transaction, and is
    committed to building the necessary technical infrastructure for the protection and transaction of digital content
    assets, and to enhance the effective delivery of the value of the industrial ecosystem. Creative content is the core
    value of the film and television industry, and the protection and transaction of creative content is the foundation to
    support the value chain. With the rise of generative AI technologies and its impact on content production and
    distribution, Vobile continues to strengthen our core competitiveness in the digital content rights protection and
    transaction field to support our clients to maintain the core value of their digital content assets in the ever-
    changing content era. We are committed to serving global content creators, and making creative content more
    valuable.

    Industry Ecosystem
    The emergence of new technologies has driven significant changes in various aspects of film and television
    content production and distribution. The circulation and monetization of digital content have evolved from limited
    distribution two decades ago to high-frequency interactive communication today. From professional institutions to
    individual creators, the participation of a more diverse range of creators has profoundly changed the production,
    distribution, and consumption patterns of the media and entertainment industry, unleashing immense industrial
    value.

    In 2023, we witnessed the accelerated development of the global digital economy, especially the tremendous
    potential of generative AI in leading technological innovation. The rise of new productive forces will push the
    prosperity of the digital content industry to new heights. It is foreseeable that the future will offer even richer
    participation opportunities in the content domain and more supportive measures for diverse creators. Generative
    AI, while changing the ways content is created, will also significantly enhance personalized experiences and
    interactivity, accelerating the era of a booming creator economy.

    According to predictions, by 2035, generative AI is expected to contribute nearly 90 trillion yuan to the global
    economy. As the forefront of global technological innovation, the North American region has encountered
    unprecedented opportunities with the emergence of generative AI. The development of this technology enables
    businesses to respond to market demands more quickly and accurately, drives innovation in personalized services,
    and brings new growth points and job opportunities to the economy. Developing R&D and product implementation
    capabilities in the field of generative AI in North America will be key to keeping pace with global development. In
    China, relevant departments and enterprises are vigorously advancing the construction of a modern industrial
    system, accelerating the development of new quality productive forces. Strategic emerging industries represented
    by generative AI are the main battleground of new quality productive forces and the direction for breakthroughs in
    the next round of significant industrial innovations.




06 Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2023
                                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Vobile has seized the structural opportunity represented by the explosion of UGC (User-generated content) ,
continuously accumulating core technological capabilities to fully prepare for the arrival of the generative AI era.
The liberation of creative productivity by generative AI has led to in a more complex content ecosystem based on
UGC, significantly increasing the market’s demand for effective copyright management and rights identification
mechanisms. Vobile’s core capability in digital rights identification and our mature service model are expected to
multitude of promising new services and application scenarios, thereby opening up a vast space for business
growth. In the face of epic opportunities, Vobile will play a more critical role in industry empowerment, helping our
clients maintain the core value of their digital content assets amidst the continuously evolving landscape of
content production and distribution.

Our Businesses
In the constantly evolving industry environment, Vobile continues to provide comprehensive digital content rights
identification and transaction solutions, ensuring that creators’ rights are fully respected and protected.
Simultaneously, the Group implements a high-quality development strategy, prioritizing the allocation of resources
to key areas of strategic importance. We will seize the opportunities presented by the development of generative
AI, promote the implementation of copyright services in the AI field for major content owners, and provide our
clients with systematic solutions in the era of generative AI. Additionally, we will grasp the opportunity to upgrade
our business, accelerating our expansion from a service provider to an industry ecosystem builder.

Subscription Services
Our subscription-based business model ensures long-term and stable relationships with the world’s top content
owners and platforms. With our essential proprietary VDNA digital fingerprint and watermark technologies, we help
content owners in tracing infringements and preserving timely and powerful evidence, and charging subscription
fees tailored to customer needs. Meanwhile, we provide content rights protection services to online video
websites and platforms, empowering them to trace infringements under different scenarios for diverse content
formats. Our main subscription service includes:

•    For major content clients, Vobile offers comprehensive monitoring of video content across the internet for
     various types of content clients, including major film and television companies, audiovisual content rights
     holders, streaming platforms, and more. This service helps rights holders identify potential infringement risks
     and reduce revenue loss due to infringements. With our precise and efficient protection capabilities, our
     services cover a wide range of different media types including movies, television, sports, music, live events,
     brands, literature, and commercial images, and more.

•    For platform clients aggregating different creators or content, Vobile offers standardized services based on
     VDNA digital fingerprint and watermark technologies through API Arithmetic Service , helping partners
     establish a complete copyright management system. API Arithmetic Service provides a safeguarding capacity
     for platform-level application ecosystems, serving as a crucial component in constructing the foundational
     infrastructure for the digital economy. Through in-depth cooperation with platform partners, Vobile has
     gained access to more diverse content creator groups, including small and medium-sized creators.

•    After the acquisition of Particle Technology and the successful integration of businesses, we upgraded our
     capability to interface with mainstream content platforms in China. We provide user subscription services for
     online content platforms and leading global content providers on telecom operators, broadcast new media,
     and other video-on-demand platforms.




                                                                          Management Discussion and Analysis 07
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

    Through years of service experience and continuous optimization of technology, we continue to enhance our
    subscription service product matrix, ensuring we can offer comprehensive copyright protection for a broader
    range of content clients. To further enhance our professional service capabilities, in 2023, we carried out several
    technological service upgrades and product developments to optimize the client service experience. Vobile’s
    intelligent data service tools are capable of conducting more detailed granular risk level assessments of
    infringement websites, more deeply and frequently assist customers’ decision-making processes, and provide
    corresponding high-quality solutions. In 2023, Vobile extended our service capabilities to the broader copyright
    domains. Throughout the year, we have expanded new clients in the areas such as trademarks, literary works,
    commercial pictures, and provided intellectual property services for top international competitions. In addition to
    offering traditional live broadcasting and on-demand services, we have also ventured into other commercial
    monitoring areas, such as licensed merchandise protection and sponsorship stealth marketing, helping the event
    achieve great success.

    For platform clients, in 2023, we continuously expanded the types of platform services, reaching out to more
    platform clients. And as a result of the clients’ own growth, the scale of Vobile’s API calls has continued to
    increase. We have deepened our cooperation with platform clients, not only providing services in the field of
    copyright protection but also bringing added value to clients in the field of content transaction and monetization.

    Following the successful integration with Particle Technology, Vobile has also achieved several important
    advancements. Not only have we have newly expanded large UGC platforms as upstream content cooperation
    partners, achieving full content cooperation and implementations in key provinces cities in China , but we have
    also reached content operation cooperation with large telecom operators’ video base and have achieved scalable
    revenue.

    As the demand for copyright protection from content owners continues to grow, our subscription business has
    made exciting progress in key business regions. During the reporting period, Vobile Group has achieved a
    subscription service revenue of HK$868 million, representing a year-on-year increase of about 58%, accounting
    for about 43% of the total revenue. It is expected that as global awareness of copyright protection continues to
    rise, the client coverage keeps expanding, and the willingness of copyright owners to pay increases, our
    subscription services will continue to maintain strong certainty.

    Value-added Services
    We have established long-term relationships with global major content creators, TV networks, streaming platforms,
    and other content holders through our subscription services. With the continuous development of our business
    and the diversified needs of our clients, we leverage our IP protection technology to offer diverse value-added
    services and help them maximise the value of their IPs. We enhance the penetration rate and profitability of client
    content by providing a variety of monetization solutions and generate revenue through a revenue-sharing model.
    In 2023, we continued the trend of contract upgrades with major content owners, achieving larger scale coverage
    of leading content providers’ content libraries, which ensured the steady growth of our value-added services.
    Currently, our primary value-added services include:

    •    We offer comprehensive copyright management services for content clients on online content social
         platforms such as YouTube, Facebook, and Instagram, utilizing our core rights identification technology to
         help clients protect and monetize their content.




08 Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2023
                                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

•    To address users’ content distribution needs on Chinese video-on-demand platforms, such as IPTV, we can
     provide local resources and services to distribute the content to more than 120 platforms. By integrating the
     business capabilities of Particle Technology, Vobile was able to gather global premium content through
     strategic collaborations with leading platform content providers and film and television companies both
     locally and globally. This approach allows Vobile to gather high-quality global content and monetize it
     through a variety of formats, including but not limited to individual purchases and integrated packages,
     across Chinese telecom operators, broadcast and new media platforms, as well as other paid film and
     television platforms. Revenue from content monetization is derived based on the activity level of content
     assets and their sales results.

•    With the continuous exploration and innovative upgrades of our main clients, we actively developed new
     products to continuously adapt to evolving needs. With increasing client interest in the digital asset domains
     such as Web3, we leveraged our own technology and R&D capabilities to actively support their exploration in
     new areas. For enterprises in need, we build industry-level copyright protection and transaction
     infrastructure, fully leveraging our expertise in digital asset protection and international platform monetization
     to provide customers with high-quality and innovative business support.

The demand for Vobile’s international monetization services continues to rise in the evolving streaming media
landscape. The Group’s contracts with major customers are continuously upgraded, significantly enhancing
content management penetration with these clients. Additionally, in the China market, we systematically manage
our clients’ copyrights by building platforms for them, having completed participation in and the construction of
multiple projects. Simultaneously, there is a significant demand for Chinese content monetizing abroad. Vobile has
currently established ongoing cooperation with several major Chinese content providers, continually expanding
the scope of services.

During the reporting period, Vobile Group has achieved a value-added services revenue of HK$1,133 million,
representing a year-on-year increase of about 27%, accounting for about 57% of the total revenue. With the
ongoing development of the digital content industry, we will continue to introduce new products and technologies
while further enhancing our service capabilities. The continued expansion of value-added services and the product
lineup will reliably support the ongoing growth in Vobile’s performance.

Sustained Strong Growth in Our Major Business Regions
The year 2023 was an essential stage for Vobile to seize significant development opportunities and continuously
achieve business leaps and upgrades. During the reporting period, we actively responded to the impacts of the
economic environment and other factors, ensuring existing development while firmly planning for the future.
During this year, we achieved broader coverage of premium content providers, effectively expanding the depth
and breadth of cooperation with clients. The scale and variety of digital content services continued to expand, and
content management coverage for international large-scale brand clients was strengthened. Meanwhile, we seized
the trend of innovation acceleration and integrated development in the Greater Bay Area, increasing our talent and
investment deployment in the area. We have deeply participated in the construction of the regional copyright
ecosystem and played a key role in it. A solid business foundation and highly effective business innovation and
expansion have allowed us to achieve outstanding performance in the constantly changing industry environment,
continuing to consolidate our leadership position in the industry. During the reporting period, Vobile achieved a
total revenue of HK$2,001 million, representing an annual growth of approximately 39%. The adjusted EBITDA for
the year reached HK$319 million, reflecting a year-on-year increase of about 7%.




                                                                           Management Discussion and Analysis 09
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

    The North American market continues to perform steadily, with both the number of our clients and the volume of
    active assets we manage on social media platforms experiencing growth. In 2023, the revenue in this region was
    HK$983 million, representing a year-on-year growth of about 33%, and accounting for about 49% of the total
    revenue. During this reporting period, we continued to maintain stable cooperation with the world’s leading content
    providers. The excellent performance of top global streaming platforms proved that audiences still maintain a high
    enthusiasm for paying for premium content, reaffirming the position of quality content as a core competitive
    element of streaming platforms. Our services provide necessary protection for the exclusivity of streaming
    content, which is significant for consolidating the competitiveness of streaming platforms. At the same time, we
    enhanced our capability to monitor copyright infringement of live streaming content on social platforms, deepening
    our cooperation with relevant clients. The coverage of content management for international large-scale brand
    clients was also strengthened in 2023, and we continued to secure orders in the music copyright domain.
    Undoubtedly, Vobile has become an even more important partner for content providers, by helping them reach
    more users on social media platforms, thereby extending the content lifecycle and unlocking greater value. Large
    content provider clients have significantly increased their exposure and monetization on YouTube after upgrading
    their full content library contracts with us. On emerging short video platforms represented by YouTube Shorts, we
    have also actively expanded and implemented our business. During this performance period, the high-quality
    services consistently provided by Vobile have earned the ongoing trust of core clients and won the recognition of
    many new clients.

    The Chinese market continues to grow strongly. In 2023, the regional revenues amounted to HK$1,002 million,
    representing a year-on-year growth of approximately 44% and accounting for approximately 50% of the total
    revenue. In China, we continue to demonstrate our technological advantages and ample resources, as well as our
    strong practical initiative and innovation capabilities, to accelerate the implementation of our copyright protection
    and monetization business models. In 2023, Vobile expanded into commercial areas such as international events,
    licensed merchandise protection, and sponsor-based stealth marketing, resulting in a continuous expansion of our
    brand effect. At the same time, we assisted major Chinese content providers in monetizing content on international
    social media platforms. By leveraging the API model, Vobile expanded our coverage of small and medium-sized
    creators, assisting in the construction of a new IP literary transaction platform. Additionally, Vobile actively follows
    the latest industry development trends, exploring new business forms in the digital economy, and making
    significant progress in innovative business areas such as content digitization, digital content transaction, and
    technology services for platform clients, continuously enhancing our industry influence. Vobile actively participates
    in the construction of data-element management platforms, applying rights identification technology to the digital
    management of Chinese video industry.

    Research and Development
    Vobile enhances the efficient transmission of value within the industrial ecosystem by developing essential
    technical infrastructure for digital content asset protection and transactions. Currently, major content owners and
    large-scale model operators are gradually establishing rule consensus on the use of copyrighted content, with
    related legislation in major economic regions also advancing rapidly. Offering reliable technical services to these
    major content owners is crucial for maintaining the effectiveness of these rules. Built on deep mutual trust and real
    business demands formed over years of partnership with major content owners, Vobile ventured into the AI field in
    2020. Leveraging our comprehensive advantages accumulated in the rights confirmation domain, we now offer
    comprehensive and systematic solutions in the generative AI era, continuing to protect the value of precious
    content assets and opening up greater business opportunities.




10 Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2023
                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Vobile has established solid industrial resources and set up a new R&D and operation centre to strengthen
exploration and cooperation in the application of technologies such as AI with the University of Florida, known as a
leader in interdisciplinary AI research. This includes developing AI technologies for digital content rights
identification and solutions. The University of Florida is one of the most renowned institutions in the AI field in the
United States, boasting advanced technological facilities and a rich talent pool. Additionally, the University of
Florida has recruited a team of hundreds of professionals in AI-related fields across various specialties, with tens
of thousands of students taking AI courses, ensuring a robust reserve of talent. The operations centre is now fully
operational, and the collaboration will support Vobile in advancing technology and product development in AI-
related areas.

We have gradually optimized business process efficiency through large model product enhancements. By
integrating multimodal large language model capabilities, we have improved the efficiency of text reasoning and
understanding in content machine review scenarios. Additionally, in terms of content globalization services, we
have significantly enhanced the efficiency of workflows such as automatic identification of video subtitles and
multilingual translation through the integration of AI tools, effectively improving the efficacy of content
monetization business.

Environmental, Social and Governance Responsibilities
In 2023, Vobile placed high importance on and continued to actively fulfill our corporate social responsibilities. We
cooperate with Po Leung Kuk, a well-known charitable organization in Hong Kong, delivering care to vulnerable
groups in all walks of life, and creating a society united in health and disability, intergenerational harmony, and
mutual love. The Group leverages our professional strengths and industry resource advantages to collaborate with
institutions. We organize multiple forums on intellectual property and digital culture-related topics, disseminating
industry knowledge, building communication platforms, and effectively promoting industry construction and
development. In Hong Kong, we participated in organizing the “Technology Innovation and Youth
Opportunities–2023 Shanghai-Hong Kong-Macao Youth Economic Development Forum” event, fostering
exchanges between the regions and promoting innovation in technology and youth development.

Simultaneously, Vobile actively cooperated with charitable organizations. Through donations of digital teaching
equipment and learning software, we promoted digital learning for children in rural areas and at the grassroots
level, leading them to experience the learning opportunities that digitalization brought. By assisting socially
disadvantaged children, we aim to create a more caring, loving, and empathetic society. Leveraging our
connections with content creators, Vobile supported a number of writers and artists in 2023. The Group organized
several influential arts and cultural events in Hong Kong to foster exchanges between cultural and creative
industries across various regions. By providing technical support to non-profit charitable cultural organization, we
actively promote the exploration of new forms of integration between culture, art, and technology, boosting the
development of Hong Kong’s cultural and creative industries. By joining industry organizations, we actively
participate in promoting social development and construction in related fields, creating an innovative and inclusive
industry development environment.




                                                                           Management Discussion and Analysis 11
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

    STRATEGY AND PROSPECTS

    Regarding the core strategies for the Group’s future development, Vobile decisively chooses a high-quality
    development path, concentrating resources on business modules with significant potential for sustainable growth,
    and focusing on areas with opportunities for leapfrog development. We believe these critical strategic
    deployments will lead Vobile into a new phase of development.

    Our strategic growth priorities are:

    1.   Seizing the Major Opportunities of Generative AI to Drive Industry
         Transformation and Implement New Business Models for Copyrighted Content
         Vobile strongly believes that, regardless of changes in the content production and distribution landscape,
         creative content remains the core value of the film and television industry. The protection and transaction of
         creative content is fundamental to supporting industrial value chain. In the era of generative AI, large content
         owners that Vobile has cooperated deeply with and served for many years, such as film production
         companies, TV stations and online content platforms, are still the most important stakeholders. In the process
         of generative AI unleashing creative productivity, a high-quality copyrighted database of materials is one of
         the cornerstones of industry development. These content owners have been clients of Vobile for many years
         and have built a deep level of trust. Vobile’s accumulated understanding of the industry, technical
         capabilities, service models, and operational experience will continue to be the key value-assurance
         capabilities most needed by content owners in the era of generative AI.

         The industrial roles of our clients and Vobile ourselves have not changed. As the scale of content rapidly
         expands and rights usage scenarios become more complex, the copyright protection and monetization
         industry is poised for rapid expansion. In the era of generative AI, the foundation of creator economy with
         copyright as the core requires more effective copyright management and rights identification mechanisms.
         Technology plays a crucial role in copyright management, establishing rules, and maintaining order in the
         new ecosystem. Digital rights identification technology enables the automation of the copyright management
         process possible and serves as the foundation for building a transparent transaction and revenue sharing
         mechanism, providing more reasonable returns for content owners and copyright holders.

         Ensuring the rights and interests of content creators is crucial for building a healthy development ecosystem
         for the media and entertainment industry in the era of generative AI and has always been Vobile’s value
         pursuit. We will seize the significant development opportunities presented by generative AI, promote the
         implementation of copyright services in the AI domain for major content owners, and provide our clients with
         systematic solutions in the era of generative AI. We aim to play a key role in creating a win-win ecosystem for
         all parties involved and unlock new spaces for development.

         In the past few years, Vobile has made extensive forward-looking technology reserves and layouts. Our R&D
         and operations centre in Florida, the United States, has been put into operation. This will enable us to
         consolidate our technological advantages further and enhance our infrastructure capabilities in the
         generative AI era, and ensure continued provision of reliable rights identification and monetization services to
         protect the rights of creators. Moreover, in response to the dramatic increase in content volume and the
         growing demand for efficient monetization, Web3 has emerged as a powerful tool for enhancing
         dissemination and distribution efficiency. Vobile and our partners are actively exploring copyright service
         solutions tailored for small and medium-sized content owners. By fostering the integration of AIGC and Web3
         service capabilities, we aim to continuously enhance our service coverage and capabilities.



12 Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2023
                              MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

2. Seizing the Opportunities of the Concentrated Construction Period for Data
   Management Platforms, Deeply Engaging in the Construction of Regional
   Copyright Ecosystem
   China has proposed improvements to the basic data system, vigorously promote data development,
   openness, and the circulation of use, which will empower economic development in different application
   scenarios with data. Vobile, as a natural participant in the data market, stands out particularly in the digital
   content industry due to our higher degree of digitization. Meanwhile, Vobile has the world’s largest film and
   television VDNA database authorized by copyright owners. Leveraging rich and multi-dimensional data,
   Vobile can fully empower the creator economy. The Group is deeply involved in developing the regional
   copyright ecosystem and aims to maximise the value of audio-visual data, enhance the productivity of
   content creators, and stimulate creative value.

   Furthermore, with both cultural and trade attributes, the importance of contemporary cultural trade has been
   elevated to new heights, making “Cultural Export” a key strategy that various countries actively promote. The
   “high-quality content + IP” strategy has significantly boosted the international popularity of Chinese culture in
   recent years, opening up a new trending track. For instance, with the trend of more online literature
   becoming video-based, short-form videos have surged in popularity in the global market. As the monetization
   and transaction of micro-short drama content steadily advances, an increasing number of content creators
   are shifting their focus to the international distribution and copyright management of the content. This shift
   has carved out new commercial opportunities for Vobile. As a leading company in the protection and
   transaction of digital content assets, Vobile has a comprehensive data management infrastructure and the
   capability to monetize content across global social media platforms. Through the accumulation of technology
   and resources, Vobile has already established a leading advantage in the field of digital cultural trade.

   Compared to the Chinese market, short-form videos have a larger user base globally and greater growth
   potential. Vobile boasts long-term collaborative relationships with major global social media platforms and a
   continuous, vast content traffic pool, giving us significant advantages in the protection and monetization of
   film and television content. As more manufacturers focus on exporting short-form videos, this will drive
   capacity enhancement, diversification of themes, and market scale. Combined with Vobile’s strategy for
   cultural export, supporting the international expansion of short-form videos is also an important direction for
   the Group’s development.

   Currently, Vobile has been deeply involved in many major infrastructure projects in China and plays an
   important role in building a regional copyright ecosystem. Moving forward, Vobile will continue to improve
   digital infrastructure construction and large-scale service capabilities, further deepen services for the digital
   content ecosystem, strengthen the management of data elements, provide effective value delivery for
   creators and platforms, and accelerate the implementation of cultural digitization.




                                                                        Management Discussion and Analysis 13
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

    3. Building Infrastructure-Level Service Capabilities to Enhance Service Scale
       Based on Continuous Accumulation of Comprehensive Advantages
        As the industrial environment continuously improves, with the sustained growth of quality digital content
        production and consumption demands, and the accumulation of Vobile’s comprehensive advantages in
        technology, products, and clients, Vobile is gradually upgrading from a mere copyright service provider to
        constructing infrastructure-level service capabilities for content protection and monetization. Vobile has
        gradually built an IP transaction infrastructure ecosystem that connects content creators with content
        consumers, further enhancing the scale and efficiency of services.

        By leveraging new technologies such as blockchain and AI, the IP transaction infrastructure built by Vobile
        will offer a more transparent, secure, and efficient transaction environment, facilitating direct communication
        and interaction between content creators and content consumers. This is not only the optimal solution in the
        foreseeable era of high-frequency transactions but also helps to reinvigorate the innovative vitality of the
        entire digital content ecosystem. By leveraging a high-frequency transaction model with backward ledgering,
        Vobile will help high-quality content achieve more comprehensive distribution and monetization. Content
        creators will be able to earn revenue based on the actual consumption of their content, thereby being
        motivated to produce higher quality and more attractive content. Content consumers will also be able to pay
        fees based on their actual consumption and usage, making the content consumption model fairer and more
        reasonable.

        In the long term, as the IP transaction infrastructure continues to improve, Vobile will expand the service
        content and scale exponentially, providing content creators with a wide variety of creative element choices
        and more convenient monetization opportunities. By building an infrastructure-level service ecosystem,
        Vobile will better seize the development opportunities of the digital content industry, fostering a more
        positive digital industry ecosystem.

        The present is a critical period for Vobile to achieve another leapfrog development. The digital content
        industry is advancing at an unprecedented pace, with new technologies and competitive landscapes
        emerging rapidly. We feel the significance of this epochal opportunity and are full of confidence in seizing it
        and in our future development. We will continue to solidify our global leading industry position, lead the
        profound changes in the industry, and fully practice our vision and mission of “Making Creative Content More
        Valuable”.




14 Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2023
                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

FINANCIAL REVIEW

Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss Highlights
                                                                                         2023             2022
                                                                                      HK$’000           HK$’000


  Revenue                                                                           2,000,989          1,442,670
  Gross profit                                                                        850,157            590,712
  Profit before tax                                                                     47,141            92,542
  (Loss)/profit for the year                                                              (210)           58,103
  Non-IFRS Adjusted Net Profit                                                          37,411            89,896
  Non-IFRS Adjusted EBITDA                                                             319,196           299,464


Non-IFRS Adjusted Net Profit
Adjusted Net Profit is earnings before equity settled share option expenses and other one-off expenses. This is
not a IFRSs measure. Adjusted net profit is presented exclusively as a supplemental disclosure because our
Directors believe that it is widely used to measure the performance, and as a basis for valuation. The Group has
presented this item because the Group considers it an important supplemental measure of the Group’s operational
performance used by the Group’s management as well as analysts or investors.

The following table sets forth a quantitative reconciliation of Adjusted Net Profit to its most directly comparable
IFRS measurement and profit for the year attributable to owners of the Company.

                                                                                         2023             2022
                                                                                      HK$’000           HK$’000


  (Loss)/profit for the year                                                               (210)          58,103
  Add/(less):
    Equity-settled share compensation expense                                           41,900            52,554
    Transaction costs for acquisition of subsidiaries                                        —             3,240
    Loss on derecognition of financial liabilities measured at amortised cost            6,195                —
    Changes in fair value of investment properties                                      (3,468)           (6,962)
    Changes in fair value of financial assets at FVTPL                                  (7,006)          (17,039)


  Adjusted Net Profit                                                                    37,411          89,896




                                                                          Management Discussion and Analysis 15
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

    Non-IFRS Adjusted EBITDA
    Adjusted EBITDA is earnings before finance costs, finance revenues, income taxes, depreciation and amortisation,
    equity settled share option expenses, and other one-off expenses. This is not a IFRSs measure. Adjusted EBITDA
    is presented exclusively as a supplemental disclosure because our Directors believe that it is widely used to
    measure the performance, and as a basis for valuation. Our Group has presented this item because our Group
    considers it an important supplemental measure of our Group’s operational performance used by our Group’s
    management as well as analysts or investors.

    The following table sets forth a quantitative reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to its most directly comparable IFRS
    measurement and (loss)/profit before tax.

                                                                                              2023             2022
                                                                                           HK$’000           HK$’000


      (Loss)/profit before tax                                                               47,141           92,542
      Add/(less):
        Depreciation and amortisation                                                       135,750           86,222
        Equity-settled share compensation expense                                            41,900            52,554
        Bank interest income                                                                 (4,434)           (4,549)
        Finance costs                                                                        92,252            92,772
        Impairment on financial assets                                                       10,866               684
        Transaction costs for acquisition of subsidiaries                                         —             3,240
        Loss on derecognition of financial liabilities measured at amortised cost             6,195                —
        Changes in fair value of investment properties                                       (3,468)           (6,962)
        Changes in fair value of financial assets at FVTPL                                   (7,006)          (17,039)


      Adjusted EBITDA                                                                       319,196          299,464


    Revenue
    The following table shows our revenue breakdown by each product in our subscription-based SaaS business and
    transaction-based SaaS business:

                                                                                              2023             2022
                                                                                           HK$’000           HK$’000


      Subscription services                                                                868,458           549,005
      Value-added services                                                                1,132,531          893,665


      Total revenue                                                                      2,000,989         1,442,670


    Our revenue in 2023 amounted to approximately HK$2,001 million, representing an increase of approximately
    HK$558 million, or approximately 39% as compared with the revenue of 2022 of approximately HK$1,443 million.
    The increase was mainly attributed by (a) continued growth in our business in the US; and (b) the expansion of our
    business in the Mainland China, driven by strategic and commercial partnerships.




16 Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2023
                                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Gross profit and gross profit margin
Our gross profit in 2023 amounted to approximately HK$850 million, representing an increase of approximately
HK$259 million as compared to 2022 of approximately HK$591 million. Our gross profit margin increased from
40.9% in 2022 to 42.5% in 2023.

Selling and marketing expenses
Our selling and marketing expenses in 2023 amounted to approximately HK$285 million, representing an increase
of approximately HK$133 million as compared to 2022 of approximately HK$152 million. The increase was mainly
due to the increase of sales and marketing initiatives during the year and full year inclusion of sales and marketing
expenses incurred by Particle Technology as the acquisition of Particle Technology was completed in May 2022.

Administrative expenses
Our administrative expenses in 2023 amounted to approximately HK$203 million, representing an increase of
approximately HK$40 million as compared to 2022 of approximately HK$163 million. Administrative expenses
increased as the acquisition of Particle Technology was completed in May 2022 and full year of administrative
expenses were included in the profit or loss in 2023.

Research and development expenses
Our research and development expenses in 2023 amounted to approximately HK$232 million, representing an
increase of approximately HK$99 million as compared to 2022 of approximately HK$133 million. The increase was
mainly due to the increase of research and development activities in the current year for new products
development to capture strategic growth opportunities.

Other income and gains
Other income mainly consisted of government grant, fair value gain on investment properties and financial assets
at FVTPL.

Finance costs
Finance costs mainly consisted of interest expense on convertible bonds and interest-bearing borrowings of
approximately HK$91 million (2022: HK$92 million) and interest expense on lease liabilities of approximately HK$1
million (2022: HK$1 million).

Income tax expense
Our income tax expense mainly comprised of tax expense in the Mainland China and deferred tax expense.

(Loss)/profit for the year
The loss for 2023 amounted to approximately HK$0.2 million (2022: profit of approximately HK$58 million). Basic
loss per share for 2023 was approximately HK$0.0035 (basic earnings per share for 2022: HK$0.0198) and diluted
loss per share for 2023 was approximately HK$0.0035 (diluted earnings per share for 2022: HK$0.0196).

Dividends
The Board does not recommend any payment of dividends for 2023 (2022: nil).




                                                                          Management Discussion and Analysis 17
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

    Consolidated Statement of Financial Position Highlights
                                                                                             2023             2022
                                                                                          HK$’000           HK$’000


      Total assets                                                                       3,506,108        3,260,325
      Total liabilities                                                                  1,366,296        1,586,690
      Net assets                                                                         2,139,812        1,673,635
      Total equity                                                                       2,139,812        1,673,635


    Goodwill
    Our goodwill amounted to HK$1,170 million as at 31 December 2023 (31 December 2022: HK$1,184 million).
    Goodwill is tested for impairment periodically and no impairment loss is considered necessary as at 31 December
    2023.

    Intangible assets
    Our intangible assets amounted to HK$437 million as at 31 December 2023, representing an increase of HK$49
    million as compared to 31 December 2022 of HK$388 million.

    Interest-bearing borrowings
    As at 31 December 2023, the Group’s interest-bearing borrowings consisted of non-current interest-bearing
    borrowings with carrying amount of HK$443,951,000, which bear interest at secured overnight financing rate plus
    seven percent and secured by the shares, intellectual property, trade receivables and bank balances of all material
    subsidiaries of the Group, and current interest-bearing borrowings with carrying amount of HK$131,303,000,
    which are unsecured, bear interests at three point five percent to four point eight percent. HK$131,303,000 is
    repayable within one year, HK$195,204,000 is repayable on or before 29 March 2025 and HK$248,747,000 is
    repayable on or before 29 March 2026.

    Convertible bonds
    On 16 August 2022, the Company issued convertible bonds in an aggregate principal amount of HK$117,000,000
    to Lucion International Investment Limited, an investment holding company incorporated in Hong Kong. The
    convertible bonds have an initial conversion price of HK$5.32 per Share. The convertible bonds are convertible
    into shares of the Company. The convertible bonds bear simple interest on their outstanding principal amount at
    the rate of 4% per annum, payable annually in arrears, and will mature in the three years from the issue date.




18 Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2023
                                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL RESOURCES

Working capital
As of 31 December 2023, our cash and cash equivalents and pledged deposits in aggregate amounted to
approximately HK$255 million, representing a decrease of HK$179 million as compared to 2022 of approximately
HK$434 million. As of 31 December 2023, our current ratio, which is equivalent to the current assets divided by
the current liabilities, was 2.0 times as compared with 1.2 times as at 31 December 2022.

Significant investments, acquisitions and disposal
We did not have any significant investment nor material disposal during 2023.

Capital expenditures
In 2023, our capital expenditures primarily included purchases of property, plant and equipment, investment
properties and intangible assets. The amount of our capital expenditures in 2023 was HK$212 million (2022:
HK$123 million).

Foreign exchange exposure
In light of the nature of our business, we are exposed to various foreign currencies, among which, USD and RMB
are mostly used apart from HK$. To minimise the impact of foreign currency rate volatility, we monitor foreign
currency risk at operational level closely on an ongoing basis to ensure that the net exposure is at an acceptable
level. The Company did not use any financial instruments for hedging purposes for the year.

Gearing ratio
Our Group monitors capital using gearing ratio, which is net external debt divided by the capital (equity attributable
to owners of the Company) plus net debt. Net debt includes convertible bonds and interest-bearing borrowings,
less cash and cash equivalents. As of 31 December 2023, our gearing ratio, calculated as net debt divided by the
equity attributable to owners of the Company plus net debt, was 18% (31 December 2022: 31%).

Contingent liabilities, off balance sheet commitments and arrangements and pledge
of assets
As of 31 December 2023, we did not have (i) any material contingent liabilities or guarantees, (ii) any liabilities
under acceptance trade receivables or acceptable credits, debentures, mortgages, charges, finance leases or hire
purchase commitments, guarantee material covenants, or other material contingent liabilities, or (iii) any material
off-balance sheet arrangements.




                                                                          Management Discussion and Analysis 19
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

    Use of proceeds from issue of convertible bonds and placement of shares
    On 16 August 2022, the Company issued convertible bonds in the aggregate principal amount of HK$117 million,
    raised net proceeds of HK$106 million. As at 31 December 2023, the Company had fully utilised the net proceeds
    as intended. The table below sets out the details of actual usage of the net proceeds as at 31 December 2023.

                                                                         Net proceeds                   Net proceeds
                                                                        utilised during Unutilised net utilised during Unutilised net
                                                                       the year ended proceeds as at the year ended proceeds as at      Expected
                                                      Initial intended 31 December 31 December 31 December 31 December                  timeline of
      Intended use of proceeds                              allocation            2022           2022            2023           2023    full utilisation
                                                         (HK$ million)    (HK$ million)  (HK$ million)   (HK$ million)  (HK$ million)



      Investment in technology relating to (i)
         digital asset protection and digital asset
         transactions, and/or (ii) software as a
         service (SaaS) relating to YouTube
         shopping                                                 69              47              22              22               —    N/A
      General working capital                                     37              37              —               —                —    N/A


                                                                 106              84              22              22               —


    On 7 February 2023, the Company completed the placement of 114,127,000 Shares (the “Placing Shares”) with an
    aggregate nominal value of approximately US$2,853.18 and raised net proceeds of approximately HK$464 million
    (the “Placing”). The Placing Shares were allotted and issued to no less than six placees (“Placees”) at the
    subscription price of HK$4.12 per Placing Share representing a discount of approximately 11.0% to the closing
    price of HK$4.63 per Share as quoted on the Stock Exchange on 30 January 2023, being the last trading day
    immediately prior to the date of the Placing Agreement. To the best of the knowledge, information and belief of
    the Directors having made all reasonable enquiries, each of the Placees and their respective ultimate beneficial
    owners is independent of the Company and its connected persons, and none of the Placees and their respective
    ultimate beneficial owners has become a substantial shareholder of the Company as a result of the Placing. The
    net price raised per Placing Share upon completion of the Placing was approximately HK$4.06.

    The Board considers that it is in the interests of the Company to raise equity funding through the Placing so as to
    broaden its Shareholder base, strengthen the capital base and enhance the financial position and net assets base
    of the Group for its long-term development and growth. As at 31 December 2023, the Company had fully utilised
    the net proceeds as intended. The table below sets out the details of actual usage of the net proceeds as at 31
    December 2023.

                                                                                         Net proceeds
                                                                                        utilised during        Unutilised net
                                                                          Initial      the year ended         proceeds as at Expected
                                                                      intended           31 December            31 December timeline of
      Intended use of proceeds                                       allocation                   2023                  2023 full utilisation
                                                                   (HK$ million)          (HK$ million)          (HK$ million)


      Repayment of interest-bearing
        borrowings                                                            464                      464                    — N/A



20 Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2023
                               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICY

As at 31 December 2023, we employed a total of 578 staff (as at 31 December 2022: 572 staff). Salaries, bonuses
and benefits are determined with reference to market terms and performance, qualifications and experience of
each individual employee, and are subject to review from time to time. In addition, our employees are entitled to
participate in the share schemes of the Company, details of which are set out under “Share Schemes” in the
Directors’ Report.

The remuneration of the Directors is reviewed by the remuneration committee of the Company and approved by
the Board. The relevant Director’s experience, duties and responsibilities, time commitment, the Company’s
performance and the prevailing market conditions are taken into consideration in determining the emolument of
the Directors.



FINAL DIVIDEND

The Board does not recommend the payment of a final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2023.




                                                                       Management Discussion and Analysis 21
    DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

    EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

    Mr. Yangbin Bernard WANG (“Mr. Wang”), aged 55, is an executive director, the chairman of our Board and our
    chief executive officer. As the founder of our group, Mr. Wang established the company in 2005 and has led it to
    become a global leader in providing Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) for content protection and digital asset
    transactions. Under Mr. Wang’s leadership, Vobile has achieved tremendous growth, evolving from a Silicon Valley
    startup to a global public company with a successful IPO on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in
    2018.

    Mr. Wang earned an MS degree from the Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering at the University of
    Florida in 1993 and a bachelor’s degree in engineering from Zhejiang University in 1991. He serves on the Dean’s
    Advisory Board and West Coast Advisory Board for the Herbert Wertheim College of Engineering at UF.

    Mr. WONG Wai Kwan (“Mr. Wong”), aged 56, is a non-executive Director since June 2017 and was re-designated
    as an executive Director in June 2023. From December 2011 to June 2016, Mr. Wong served as the General
    Manager of the Financial Audit Department and the Managing Director of the Internal Audit Department of
    Shanghai Fosun High Technology (Group) Co., Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Fosun International Limited (Stock
    Code: 00656). From August 1992 to March 2000, Mr. Wong was employed by Ernst & Young and his last position
    was Manager in its Assurance Department. Mr. Wong has over 30 years of experience in finance, accounting, and
    financial management. Currently, Mr. Wong is an independent non-executive director of Starlight Culture
    Entertainment Group Limited (Stock Code: 01159) and Green Economy Development Limited (Stock Code: 01315).
    Mr. Wong is a fellow member of Certified Practising Accountants (Australia), a member of the Hong Kong Institute
    of Certified Public Accountants and a member of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants. Mr. Wong
    graduated with a Master of Business Administration from Washington University in St. Louis, Missouri, United
    States in December 2009. He obtained a Bachelor of Arts with Honours in Accountancy from the City University of
    Hong Kong in Hong Kong in November 1992.



    NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

    Mr. CHAN Ching Yan Daniel (“Mr. Chan”), aged 62, is a non-executive Director since June 2022. He is also a
    member of our nomination committee. He has been serving Po Leung Kuk since 2010 and becomes the Chairman
    of Po Leung Kuk 2022-2023 terms and is currently appointed as an advisor. Mr. Chan is currently the Chairman of
    the Board of Trustees of the Lord Wilson Heritage Trust, HKSAR, a member of the Independent Police Complaints
    Council (IPCC), HKSAR, a member of the Advisory Committee of Admission of Quality Migrants and Professionals,
    Immigration Department of the HKSAR, a Governing Committee Member of The Hong Kong Polytechnic University
    Foundation, an Honorary Director of The University of Hong Kong Foundation, a standing/executive director of
    Hong Kong Chiu Chow Chamber of Commerce, a member of the Chinese Entrepreneurs Organization and the
    founder and Managing Director of Paragon International Ltd. In July 2019, Mr. Chan was awarded the Medal of
    Honour (MH) by the Government of the Hong Kong Special Administration Region in recognition of his dedicated
    public and community service, particularly his valuable contributions to charitable work and committees related to
    immigration matters. In 2015, Mr. Chan received the 14th World Outstanding Chinese Award granted by the World
    Chinese Business Investment Foundation. Mr. Chan obtained a Bachelor of Science in Computer Science from The
    University of Western Ontario, Canada in June 1983 and an Honorary Doctorate Degree in Business Administration
    conferred by Sabi University in September 2015.




22 Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2023
                                      DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Mr. J David WARGO (“Mr. Wargo”), aged 70, is a non-executive Director since January 2017. He is also a member
of our audit committee and remuneration committee. In 1993, Mr. Wargo founded Wargo & Company, Inc., where
he currently serves as President. Mr. Wargo has over 40 years of experience in the telecommunications, media,
and technology industries. Since March 2015, Mr. Wargo has been a director of Liberty Broadband Corporation
(NASDAQ: LBRDA). Since August 2014, Mr. Wargo has been a director of Liberty TripAdvisor Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:
LTRPA). From September 2008 through April 2022, he was a director of Discovery Communications, Inc. (NASDAQ:
DISCA). Since June 2005, Mr. Wargo has been a director of Liberty Global plc (NASDAQ: LBTYK). From May 2005
to September 2008, he served as a director of Discovery Holding Company. From August 2002 to June 2007, Mr.
Wargo served as a director of OpenTV Corp. From 2001 until 2019 he served as a director he served as a director
of Strayer Education, Inc. (NASDAQ: STRA). Mr. Wargo graduated with a Masters in Management from the Sloan
School of Management at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Cambridge, Massachusetts, United States in
1978, and a Masters in Engineering majoring in nuclear engineering in 1976. He has also obtained a Bachelor of
Science majoring in Physics from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in Cambridge, Massachusetts, United
States in 1976. Mr. Wargo is also an Executive Producer of the Christopher Nolan film, “Oppenheimer”, which won
seven Academy Awards in 2024 including Best Picture.

Mr. TANG Yi Hoi Hermes (“Mr. Tang”), aged 59, is a non-executive Director and the vice-chairman of our Board
since July 2023. Mr. Tang has joined the Immigration Department of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region
(“HKSAR”) in 1985. Mr. Tang subsequently joined the Customs and Excise Department in 1987 and he took up the
Commissioner of Customs and Excise post in July 2017 and retired in October 2021. Mr. Tang was appointed as
Justices of the Peace (JP) in October 2022. Mr. Tang has been awarded seven Assistant Commissioner of
Customs and Excise’s Commendations between 1992 and 2006; Commissioner of Customs and Excise’s
Commendation in 1997; Hong Kong Customs and Excise Long Service Medal in 2005, with the first and second
clasps in 2012 and 2017 respectively; Hong Kong Customs and Excise Medal for Meritorious Service in 2014; Hong
Kong Customs and Excise Medal for Distinguished Service in 2019; and the Silver Bauhinia Star in 2021. Mr. Tang
holds a Bachelor Degree from the Hong Kong Polytechnic University. He has completed the Advanced
Management Programme at INSEAD — the Institut Européen d’Administration des Affaires (France) and the
Advanced Management Programme at the National Academy of Governance (China).



INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. Alfred Tsai CHU (“Mr. Chu”), aged 49, is an independent non-executive Director since June 2020. He is also
the chairman of our nomination committee and a member of our audit committee and remuneration committee.
Leveraging extensive experience in investment, Mr. Chu has been the Founding Partner of Starlite Investment
Group since 2009. Furthermore, he has actively collaborated as a partner with various venture capital firms for
over two decades, including Yimei Capital, IPV Capital, Tiandi Capital, and Panasonic Venture Capital. Mr. Chu
earned his Master of Business Administration in Finance from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania
in 2006 and his Bachelor of Science in Business Administration from the University of California, Berkeley in 1996.




                                                                            Directors and Senior Management 23
    DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

    Mr. Charles Eric EESLEY (“Mr. Eesley”), aged 44, is an independent non-executive Director since December
    2017. He is also the chairman of our remuneration committee and a member of our audit committee and
    nomination committee. Mr. Eesley has over 15 years of experience in education and research focusing on
    technology and entrepreneurship. Since 2009, Mr. Eesley has worked at Stanford University, and is currently an
    Associate Professor in the School of Engineering and the W.M. Keck Foundation Faculty Scholar in the Department
    of Management Science and Engineering. As Associate Director of the Stanford Technology Ventures Program, he
    conducts research on technology entrepreneurship, specifically the impact of institutions and university
    environment on high growth technology entrepreneurship. In 2020, he received the Third Annual IACMR-RRBM
    Responsible Research in Management Award and in 2018, he was the recipient of the TUM Research Excellence
    Award from the Technical University of Munich. Mr. Eesley obtained a Doctor of Philosophy in Management from
    the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in Cambridge, Massachusetts, United States in June 2009 and a
    Bachelor of Science from Duke University in Durham, North Carolina, United States in May 2002.

    Mr. KWAN Ngai Kit (“Mr. Kwan”), aged 44, is an independent non-executive Director since June 2021. He is also
    the chairman of our audit committee and a member of our nomination committee and remuneration committee. Mr.
    Kwan is the chief financial officer, authorised representative and the company secretary of Modern Dental Group
    Limited (stock code: 3600) since October 2016. Mr. Kwan has over 15 years of experience in auditing, accounting
    and corporate management. Prior to March 2014, he worked as a senior manager in both the assurance
    department and the technical department of Ernst & Young during which he acquired intensive capital market
    transactions experience. Mr. Kwan is currently an independent non-executive director of A & S Group (Holdings)
    Limited (stock Code: 1737) which is listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange. Mr. Kwan is currently a fellow
    member of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants and a member of the Hong Kong Institute of
    Certified Public Accountants. Mr. Kwan obtained a master’s degree in business administration from the Chinese
    University of Hong Kong in November 2014 and a bachelor’s degree in accountancy from The Hong Kong
    Polytechnic University in November 2002.



    SENIOR MANAGEMENT

    Mr. Benjamin Russell SMITH (“Mr. Smith”), alias Ben Smith, aged 48, is our Senior Vice President of Business
    Development. He joined our Group in February 2014 as Senior Vice President of Business Development and is
    responsible for overseeing our ReClaim product sales and other related business development activities. From
    April 2012 to January 2014, Mr. Smith was the chief executive officer at Blayze Inc. From September 2003 to
    October 2009, he served as Strategic Partner Development Senior Associate at Google Inc., where he acquired
    experience in business development. Mr. Smith graduated with a Bachelor of Arts, majoring in Political Science and
    minoring in Legal Studies from Beloit College in Beloit, Wisconsin, United States in December 1997.

    Mr. Christopher Mark MARSHALL (“Mr. Marshall”), alias Chris Marshall, aged 43, is our Senior Vice President of
    Business Operations. He joined our Group in November 2019 as Vice President of Channel ID upon the completion
    of our acquisition of Rights ID and Channel ID businesses from ZEFR, Inc. From 2012 to November 2019, Mr.
    Marshall worked at ZEFR, Inc. and led the Channel ID business. From 2006 to 2012, Mr. Marshall worked at Select
    Staffing as National Account Manager. He graduated from Brigham Young University with a Bachelor of Arts,
    majoring in Marketing Communication and minoring in Creative Advertising in 2005.




24 Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2023
                                      DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Dr. Jian ZHAO (“Dr. Zhao”), aged 60, is our Chief Technology Officer since March 2021. He is responsible for
overseeing the development and dissemination of technology for clients to improve and increase business. Prior
to joining the Vobile Group, Dr. Zhao was Vice President of Advanced Technologies at Verance Corporation from
2010 to 2022. He served as CTO at Thomson Software and Technology Solutions from 2005 to 2009. Dr. Zhao
was also a Founder, President and CTO of MediaSec Technologies, Inc. from 2000 to 2005. He obtained a Doctor
of Philosophy in Computer Science from Technology University Darmstadt in Germany and a Master of Computer
Science from East China Normal University in Shanghai, China.

Mr. Mark Woodrow HALL (“Mr. Hall”), aged 57, alias Mark Hall, is our Senior Vice President of Products and
Innovation. He joined our group in March 2020 and is currently responsible for overseeing the products and
innovation function. Prior to joining our Group, Mr. Hall served in Paramount Pictures for 14 years from February
2006 to March 2020 and his last position was Vice President of Digital Content Monetization. He was employed by
DreamWorks Studios as an information technologist from July 2005 to February 2006. From December 2003 to
June 2005, he was an CTO of Merchants Billing Services. Mr. Hall served as the Director of Network of Cars Direct
from 1999 to 2003. From 1996 to 1999, he served as an Infrastructure Engineer of Delaware North. Mr. Hall studied
English Literature at San Diego State University from 1989 to 1992.

Mr. Michael Paul WITTE (“Mr. Witte”), alias Mike Witte, aged 65, is an executive Director of our Company from
June 2017 to June 2021. He joined our Group in January 2008 as our Executive Vice President of Business
Development and Sales and is responsible for overseeing all sales and customer success of our content protection
products in the US and other related business development activities, including sourcing new clients and
managing and growing our existing client relationships, performing after-sales services and providing ongoing
support to our customers, and manages our sales team in Silicon Valley. Mr. Witte has over ten years of experience
in the SaaS business since joining our Group. Mr. Witte obtained a Bachelor of Arts majoring in English from the
University of California in Santa Barbara, California, US in March 1982.

Mr. HO Sai Hong Vincent (“Mr. Ho”), aged 38, is our Financial Controller and company secretary since November
2016. He is responsible for overseeing overall accounting and financial reporting functions. Mr. Ho has over 10
years of experience in the auditing and accounting fields. From September 2008 to September 2015, Mr. Ho
worked at the Assurance Department of Ernst & Young where he last served as Manager. Mr. Ho is currently a
fellow member of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants and a member of the Hong Kong Institute of
Certified Public Accountants. He graduated with a Bachelor of Business Administration in Economics and
Accounting from the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology in Hong Kong in May 2008.




                                                                            Directors and Senior Management 25
    DIRECTORS’ REPORT

    The Directors present their report and the audited financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2023.



    HEADQUARTERS AND PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN HONG KONG

    The Company is a limited liability company incorporated in the Cayman Islands and its headquarters and principal
    place of business in Hong Kong is Suite 3712, 37/F, Tower Two, Times Square, 1 Matheson Street, Causeway Bay,
    Hong Kong.



    PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES AND BUSINESS REVIEW

    The principal activities of the Group comprise of the provision of software as a service. The principal activities and
    other particulars of the subsidiaries of the Company are set out in note 1 to the financial statements. Further
    discussion and analysis of these activities as required by Schedule 5 to the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance,
    including a description of the principal risks and uncertainties facing the Group and an indication of likely future
    developments in the Group’s business, can be found in the sections headed “Chairman’s Statement” and the
    “Management Discussion and Analysis” set out on pages 4 to 5 and pages 6 to 21 of this annual report,
    respectively. This discussion forms part of this directors’ report.



    FIVE YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY

    A summary of the published results and assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years is set out
    in the section headed “Five Year Financial Summary” on page 148 of this annual report. The summary does not
    form part of the audited financial statements.



    RESULTS AND DIVIDEND

    The Group’s loss for the year ended 31 December 2023 and the Group’s financial position as at 31 December 2023
    are set out in the financial statements on pages 60 to 147.

    The Board does not recommend payment of any dividend in respect of the year ended 31 December 2023 (2022:
    Nil).



    SHARE CAPITAL, SHARE OPTION AND CONVERTIBLE BONDS

    During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Company issued a total of 8,720,000 Shares due to exercise of
    share options by the participants under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme and the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme
    in a total consideration of HK$7,555,000. In addition, on 7 February 2023, the Company completed the placement
    of 114,127,000 Shares with an aggregate nominal value of US$3,000 (equivalent to HK$22,000) and raised net
    proceeds of approximately HK$464 million, details of which are set out in the paragraph headed “Use of proceeds
    from issue of convertible bonds and placement of shares” under the section headed the Management Discussion
    and Analysis of this report. Details of movements in the Company’s share capital, share options and convertible
    bonds are set out in note 29, 30 and 27 to the financial statements, respectively.




26 Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2023
                                                                          DIRECTORS’ REPORT

PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Articles or the laws of the Cayman Islands, being the
jurisdiction in which the Company was incorporated, which would oblige the Company to offer new shares on a
pro rata basis to existing shareholders.



TAX RELIEF AND EXEMPTION

The Directors are not aware of any tax relief and exemption available to the Shareholders by reason of their
holding of the Company’s securities.



PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED SECURITIES OF THE COMPANY

During the year ended 31 December 2023, except for the purchase of 450,000 Shares on behalf by the trustees of
the share award plan adopted by the Group on 6 May 2019, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries had
purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities.



DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES

As at 31 December 2023, the Company’s reserves available for distribution mainly represent the share premium
account, retained profits, merger reserve and other reserves, amounted to approximately HK$1,955 million.



CHARITABLE DONATIONS

During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group made charitable donations totalling HK$5,365,000 (2022:
HK$920,000).



MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

The Group’s top five customers accounted for approximately 44.4% of the total revenue. The top five suppliers
accounted for approximately 26.5% of the total purchases for the year. In addition, the Group’s largest customer
accounted for approximately 17.8% of the total revenue and the Group’s largest supplier accounted for
approximately 11.6% of the total purchases for the year.

None of the directors of the Company or any of their associates or any shareholders (which, to the best knowledge
of the directors, own more than 5% of the Company’s share capital) had any beneficial interest in the Group’s five
largest customers and suppliers.




                                                                                               Directors’ Report 27
    DIRECTORS’ REPORT

    DIRECTORS

    The Directors during the year ended 31 December 2023 and up to the date of this report are:

    Executive Directors:
    Mr. Yangbin Bernard WANG (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)
    Mr. WONG Wai Kwan

    Non-executive Directors:
    Mr. TANG Yi Hoi Hermes (Vice-Chairman)
    Mr. CHAN Ching Yan Daniel
    Mr. J David WARGO

    Independent Non-executive Directors:
    Mr. Alfred Tsai CHU
    Mr. Charles Eric EESLEY
    Mr. KWAN Ngai Kit



    APPOINTMENTS, RE-ELECTION AND REMOVAL OF DIRECTORS

    Each of the executive Directors, non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors has entered
    into a service contract or letter of appointment with the Company for a specific term. The non-executive Directors
    and independent non-executive Directors have been appointed for a term of 3 years. The term of appointment of
    each Director is subject to retirement by rotation and re-election at each AGM in accordance with the Articles and
    the Listing Rules.

    Under the Articles, one-third of all Directors are subject to retirement by rotation and re-election at each AGM
    provided that every Director shall be subject to retirement at least once every three years. A retiring Director is
    eligible for re-election and continues to act as a Director throughout the meeting at which he/she retires.

    The Articles provide that any Director appointed by the Board, either to fill a casual vacancy in the Board or as an
    addition to the existing Board, shall hold office only until the next following AGM of the Company and shall then be
    eligible for re-election.

    Shareholders of the Company may, at any general meeting convened and held in accordance with the Articles,
    remove a Director at any time before the expiration of his period of office notwithstanding anything to the contrary
    in the Articles or in any agreement between the Company and such Director.



    PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION

    Permitted indemnity provisions (as defined in section 469 of the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws
    of Hong Kong) for the benefit of the Directors are currently in force and was in force during the year and at the
    date of this report.




28 Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2023
                                                                            DIRECTORS’ REPORT

DIRECTORS’ SERVICE AGREEMENTS

Each of the Directors has entered into a service agreement or letter of appointment with the Company for a term
of three years, which may be terminated by either party by giving one-week written notice or otherwise in
accordance with the terms of the service agreement.

Saved as disclosed above, none of the Directors proposed for re-election at the forthcoming AGM has a service
contract or letter of appointment with any member of the Group which is not determinable by the employer within
one year without payment of compensation (other than statutory compensation).



EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICIES

As at 31 December 2023, the Group employed a total of 578 staff as compared to 572 staff as at 31 December
2022. Salaries, bonuses and benefits are determined with reference to market terms and performance,
qualifications and experience of each individual employee, and are subject to review from time to time.

The remuneration of the Directors is reviewed by the Remuneration Committee and approved by the Board. The
relevant Director’s experience, duties and responsibilities, time commitment, the Company’s performance and the
prevailing market conditions are taken into consideration in determining the emolument of the Directors. Particulars
of the remuneration of employees of the Group during the year ended 31 December 2023 are set out in note 6 to
the financial statements.

The Company also adopted a Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme, a Post-IPO Share Option Scheme and a Share Award
Plan.



EMOLUMENTS OF DIRECTORS AND THE FIVE HIGHEST PAID INDIVIDUALS

Particulars of the emoluments of the Directors and the five highest-paid individuals of the Group during the year
ended 31 December 2023 are set out in notes 8 and 9 to the financial statements.



SHARE SCHEMES

The Company has three existing share schemes, namely the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme, the Post-IPO Share
Option Scheme and the Share Award Plan.

The number of Shares that may be issued in respect of options and awards granted under the Pre-IPO Share
Option Scheme, the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme and the Share Award Plan divided by the weighted average
number of ordinary Shares in issue for the year ended 31 December 2023 is 8.15%.

As at 1 January 2023 and 31 December 2023, the number of options and awards available for grant under the
scheme mandate was both 154,975,020, representing 7.32% and 6.92% of the issued share capital of the
Company on each date, respectively. The details of each share scheme are set out below:




                                                                                                 Directors’ Report 29
    DIRECTORS’ REPORT

    Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme
    The following is a summary of all the principal terms of the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme.

    (a) Purpose of the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme
          The purpose of the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme is to offer to employees, Directors (i.e. a member of the
          Board who is not an employee), consultants or advisers who perform bona fide services for, our Company or
          its subsidiary the opportunity to acquire equity in our Company through awards of Pre-IPO Share Option
          Scheme. No amount is payable by the grantees on the grant of options and there is no maximum entitlement
          of each participant under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme.

    (b) Exercise Price and Purchase Price of the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme
          Minimum exercise price for Pre-IPO Share Option: The exercise price per Share of a Pre-IPO Share Option
          shall not be less than 100% of the fair market value of a Share on the date of grant; provided, however that
          the exercise price per share of a Pre-IPO Share Option granted to an individual holding more than 10% of the
          voting power of our Company shall not be less than 110% of the fair market value of a share on the date of
          grant.

          The purchase price in relation to each award or sale of Shares shall be determined by the Board in its sole
          discretion, provided that, to the extent an award consists of newly issued Shares, the Board shall require the
          purchaser to provide consideration having a value not less than the par value of such Shares.

    (c) Vesting of Options
          Subject to the terms and conditions and the fulfilment of all conditions to the vesting of the Pre-IPO Options,
          each Pre-IPO Option shall have a vesting period of four years from the date of grant of the Pre-IPO Options.

    (d) Exercise of Options
          The Board in its sole discretion shall determine when all or any installment of a Pre-IPO Option is to become
          exercisable and may, in its discretion, provide for accelerated exercisability in the event of a change in
          control or other events.

    (e) Lapse of Option or Right
          An option may be exercised in accordance with the terms of the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme at any time
          during a period as the Board may determine which shall not exceed 10 years from the date of grant subject
          to the provisions of early termination thereof.

    (f)   Total Number of Shares Available for Issue under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme
          As at the date of this report, the total number of Shares available for issue under the Pre-IPO Share Option
          Scheme is 32,000,000, representing 1.43% of the issued share capital of the Company as at the same date.
          No share option will be available for grant under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme.




30 Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT

(g) Duration of the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme
     The Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme will remain in force for a period of 10 years commencing on the adoption
     date of Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme.

     Details of the options granted pursuant to the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme to the grantees are set at
     below:

                                                                                                                No. of share options

                                                                                                                                         Expired/
                                                                                                                                          lapsed/
                                                                                                         Granted     Exercised          cancelled
                                                                                         Outstanding   during the    during the        during the Outstanding
                                                                             Exercise          as at   year ended   year ended         year ended        as at
         Name of                                                             price per     1 January 31 December 31 December        31 December 31 December
         Grantee       Date of grant Vesting period      Exercise period        share          2023         2023          2023              2023         2023


         Director
         Mr. Wang      25 April 2017 Four years from     25 April 2019 to   US$0.0344     32,000,000           —             —                 —    32,000,000
                                        date of grant1      25 April 2027


         Employees
         Other         25 April 2017 Four years from     25 April 2019 to   US$0.0313        120,000           —       (120,000)2              —            —
           employees                    date of grant1      25 April 2027


         Total                                                                            32,120,000           —       (120,000)               —    32,000,000


     Notes:


     1        50% of the share options shall vest on the second anniversary of the date of grant and 50% shall vest in 24 equal monthly instalments
              following the second anniversary.


     2        The weighted average closing price of the shares immediately before the dates on which the options were exercised is HK$2.92.


Post-IPO Share Option Scheme
The following is a summary of all the principal terms of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme.

(a) Purpose of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme
     The purposes of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme are to attract and retain the best available personnel, to
     provide additional incentive to employees, directors, consultants and advisers of our Group and to promote
     the success of the business of our Group. HK$1 is payable by the grantees for acceptance of the Post-IPO
     Share Options.




                                                                                                                                       Directors’ Report 31
    DIRECTORS’ REPORT

    (b) Exercise Price of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme
          The amount payable for each Share to be subscribed for under an option in the event of the option being
          exercised shall be determined by the Board and shall be not less than the greater of

          (i)     the closing price of the Shares on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange as stated in the Stock
                  Exchange’s daily quotations sheet on the date of grant;

          (ii)    the average closing price of the Shares on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange as stated in the Stock
                  Exchange’s daily quotations sheets for the five business days immediately preceding the date of grant;
                  and

          (iii)   the nominal value of the Shares.

    (c) Vesting of Options
          The Remuneration Committee in its sole discretion shall determine the vesting period for each grant of
          options under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme.

    (d) Time of Exercise of An Option
          An option may be exercised in whole or in part by the option holder in accordance with the terms of the Post-
          IPO Share Option Scheme at any time during the period to be notified by the Board to each option holder
          upon the grant of options, such period not to exceed ten years from the date of grant of the relevant option.

    (e) Lapse of Option or Right
          An option shall lapse forthwith (to the extent not already exercised) on the earliest of expiry of the exercise
          period and under the other provisions as set out in the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme.

    (f)   Maximum Number of Shares
          The maximum number of Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of all outstanding options granted
          and yet to be exercised under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme and any other schemes of our Company
          shall not exceed such number of Shares as shall represent 30% of the issued share capital of our Company
          from time to time. The total number of Shares issued and to be issued upon the exercise of the options
          granted to each eligible person (including exercised, cancelled and outstanding options) under the Post-IPO
          Share Option Scheme in any 12-month period shall not exceed 1% of the relevant class of securities of our
          Company in issue.

    (g) Total Number of Shares Available for Issue under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme
          As at the date of this report, the total number of Shares available for issue under the Post-IPO Share Option
          Scheme was 154,975,020, representing 6.92%, of the issued share capital of the Company as at the same
          date.

    (h) Duration of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme
          The Share Option Scheme will remain in force for a period of 10 years commencing on the adoption date of
          the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme.




32 Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2023
                       Details of the options granted pursuant to the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme to the grantees are set at below:

                                                                                                                                        No. of share options
                                                                                                                                                                 Expired/
                                                                                                                              Granted   Exercised     Lapsed    cancelled
                                                                                                          Outstanding       during the  during the  during the  during the Outstanding
                                                                                              Exercise           as at    year ended year ended year ended year ended             as at
                        Name of                                                               price per     1 January    31 December 31 December 31 December 31 December 31 December
                        Grantee           Date of grant   Vesting period    Exercise period      share          2023             2023        2023        2023        2023        2023


                        Directors
                        Mr. Wang          12 January      Ten years from    12 January 2021   HK$5.00     112,000,000             —            —               —        —   112,000,000
                                            2021          date of grant1      to 12 January
                                                                              2031
                        Mr. Matsuzawa     23 July 2021    Five years from   23 July 2022 to    HK$8.70     10,000,000             —            —     (6,000,000)        —     4,000,000
                                                          date of grant3      23 July 2032


                        Sub-total                                                                         122,000,000             —            —     (6,000,000)        —   116,000,000


                        Employees
                        Other employees   30 July 2020    Two years from 30 July 2022 to      HK$0.875     22,400,000             —    (7,600,000)             —        —    14,800,000
                                                             date of grant2  30 July 2032
                        Other employees   23 July 2021    Five years from 23 July 2022 to      HK$8.70      5,000,000             —            —     (4,000,000)        —     1,000,000
                                                             date of grant3  23 July 2032
                        Other employees   8 July 2022     Five years from 8 July 2023 to      HK$5.00       7,320,000             —            —               —        —     7,320,000
                                                             date of grant3  7 July 2032


                        Sub-total                                                                          34,720,000             —    (7,600,000)   (4,000,000)        —    23,120,000


                        Consultants
                        Consultants       30 July 2020    Two years from 30 July 2022 to      HK$0.875      3,000,000             —    (1,000,000)             —        —     2,000,000
                                                            date of grant2 30 July 2032
                        Kevin A. Mayer    9 September     Two years from 9 September 2021      HK$1.02      8,000,000             —            —               —        —     8,000,000
                                            2020            date of grant2 to 9 September
                                                                           2031


                        Sub-total                                                                          11,000,000             —    (1,000,000)             —        —    10,000,000


                        Total                                                                             167,720,000             —    (8,600,000) (10,000,000)         —   149,120,000
                                                                                                                                                                                          DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Directors’ Report 33
    DIRECTORS’ REPORT

         Notes:


         1        The share options have an exercise period of ten years and the vesting periods of ten years from the date of grant. All nine tranches
                  of the 112,000,000 share options in aggregate will become fully vested when the Market Capitalisation of the Company on a
                  Determination Date reaches at least US$10 billion and the Company has achieved at least nine of the Operational Milestones in any
                  combination. Please refer to the circular of the Company dated 1 March 2021 for further details.


                  The table below shows the Operational Milestones:


                                             Operational Milestone comprised of                                 Operational Milestone comprised of
                                                 Annual Revenue of the Company                             Annual Adjusted EBITDA of the Company
                                            on a Determination Date in Excess of                              on a Determination Date on Excess of


                                                                      US$50 Million                                                   US$10 Million
                                                                      US$75 Million                                                   US$15 Million
                                                                    US$100 Million                                                    US$20 Million
                                                                    US$125 Million                                                    US$25 Million
                                                                    US$150 Million                                                    US$30 Million
                                                                    US$175 Million                                                    US$35 Million
                                                                    US$200 Million                                                    US$40 Million
                                                                    US$225 Million                                                    US$45 Million
                                                                    US$250 Million                                                    US$50 Million


                  The table below shows the vesting conditions for each Tranche of the Share Options:


                                                                                        Market Capitalisation Milestone
                                                                                        Vesting Condition comprised of           Number of vested
                    Cumulative Number of Operational                                  Market Capitalisation of the Company         Share Options in
                    Milestones Required to be Achieved                                on a Determination Date in Excess of             the Tranche
                                                                                                   US$                   HK$


                    One                                                                        2 billion         15.50 billion   12,444,444 Shares
                    Two                                                                        3 billion         23.25 billion   12,444,444 Shares
                    Three                                                                      4 billion         31.00 billion   12,444,444 Shares
                    Four                                                                       5 billion         38.75 billion   12,444,444 Shares
                    Five                                                                       6 billion         46.50 billion   12,444,444 Shares
                    Six                                                                        7 billion         54.25 billion   12,444,444 Shares
                    Seven                                                                      8 billion         62.00 billion   12,444,444 Shares
                    Eight                                                                      9 billion         69.75 billion   12,444,444 Shares
                    Nine                                                                      10 billion         77.50 billion   12,444,448 Shares


         2        50% of the share options shall vest on the first anniversary of the date of grant and 50% shall vest in 12 equal monthly instalments
                  following the second anniversary.


         3        20% of the share options shall vest on the first anniversary of the date of grant and 80% shall vest in 48 equal monthly instalments
                  following the second anniversary.


         4        The weighted average closing price of the Shares immediately before the date of exercise by the participants was HK$2.20.




34 Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2023
                                                                              DIRECTORS’ REPORT

SHARE AWARD PLAN

On 6 May 2019, the Board adopted a 10-year share award plan (the “Share Award Plan”) to (a) incentivise,
recognise and reward the contributions of certain Eligible Persons to the growth and development of the Group; (b)
attract and retain personnel to promote the long-term growth and development of the Group; and (c) align the
interests of the Award Holders with those of the Shareholders to promote the long-term financial performance of
the Company. Details of the Share Award Plan were announced in the Company’s announcements dated 6 May
2019 and 25 July 2021. A summary of the Share Award Plan is set out below:

(a) Purpose
     The purpose of the Share Award Plan is to (a) incentivise, recognise and reward the contributions of certain
     Eligible Persons to the growth and development of the Group; (b) attract and retain personnel to promote the
     long-term growth and development of the Group; and (c) align the interests of the Award Holders with those
     of the Shareholders to promote the long-term financial performance of the Company. No amount is payable
     by the grantees on acceptance of the awards.

(b) Participants
     Under the Share Award Plan Rules, any person being (a) an employee, a director (including, without limitation,
     an executive, non-executive or independent non-executive director) or officer of any member of the Group;
     or (b) a consultant or advisor of any member of the Group, is eligible for participation in the Share Award
     Plan.

(c) Duration
     Subject to early termination by the Board, the Share Award Plan shall be valid and effective for a term of ten (10)
     years commencing from the date of adoption of the Share Award Plan, being 6 May 2019, and ending on the
     Business Day immediately preceding the tenth (10th) anniversary of the date of adoption of the Share Award
     Plan.

(d) Share Award Plan Limit
     The Board shall not make any further Award if to do so would result in the aggregate number of the Shares
     awarded under the Share Award Plan exceed 10% of the issued share capital of the Company at any given
     time.

     Where any grant of Award to a Selected Person would result in the aggregate of (a) the number of Awarded
     Shares underlying all Awards (whether vested or not); and (b) the number of Shares issued and to be issued
     upon exercise of options (whether exercised or outstanding) under any share option scheme adopted by the
     Company from time to time, granted to such Eligible Person in the 12-month period up to and including the
     date of grant of such Award exceeding 1% of the Shares in issue as at the date of grant of such Award, the
     Award shall be subject to approval by the Shareholders in a general meeting.

(e) Vesting
     Awarded Shares and the Related Income shall be vested in an Award Holder in accordance with the Vesting
     Date(s) specified in the Award and upon the satisfaction of the vesting criteria and conditions (if any)
     specified by the Board in the offer of grant of the relevant Award. No consideration is required from the
     grantees at the time of vesting.



                                                                                                    Directors’ Report 35
    DIRECTORS’ REPORT

    (f) Total Number of Shares Available for Issue under the Share Award Plan
         As at the date of this report, the total number of Shares available for issue under the Share Award Plan under
         the general mandate granted by shareholders of the Company is 195,206,907, representing 8.72% of the
         issued share capital of the Company as at the same date. The Company did not utilise any of the general
         mandate granted by shareholders of the Company to issue new shares since the adoption of the Share
         Award Plan and up to the date of this report.

         Details of the share awards granted pursuant to the Share Award Plan to the grantees are set at below:

                                                                                                          Expired/
                                                                                                           lapsed/
                                                                           Granted          Vested       cancelled
                                                         Unvested        during the      during the      during the      Unvested
                                                              as at    year ended      year ended      year ended            as at
                                                         1 January    31 December     31 December     31 December     31 December
           Name of Grantee        Date of grant              2023             2023            2023            2023           2023


           Directors
           Mr. Wong               20 November 20233             —          84,439         (84,439)              —               —
           Mr. Chan               20 November 20233             —          84,439         (84,439)              —               —
           Mr. Wargo              20 November 20233             —          84,439         (84,439)              —               —
           Mr. Chu                20 November 20233             —          84,439         (84,439)              —               —
           Mr. Eesley             20 November 20233             —          84,439         (84,439)              —               —
           Mr. Kwan               20 November 20233             —          84,439         (84,439)              —               —


           Sub-total                                            —         506,6344       (506,634)              —               —


           Employees
           Employees              30 December 20222    10,417,329              —      (10,417,329)              —               —
           Employees              20 November 20233            —        6,629,2314     (6,629,231)              —               —


           Sub-total                                   10,417,329       7,135,865     (10,417,329)              —               —


           Total1                                      10,417,329       7,135,865     (10,417,329)4             —               —




36 Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                 DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     Notes:


     1        No grant has been made to (i) any related entity participant or service provider with options and awards granted in excess of 0.1% of
              the Company’s issued shares over the 12-month period, and (ii) any other participant with options and awards granted in excess of
              the 1% individual limit, as such terms are used in the Listing Rules. During the year ended 31 December 2023, there were no
              cancellations of share awards.


     2        There are vesting period of six months and no performance target and clawback mechanism in relation to the grants, and no
              consideration is required from the relevant grantees at the time of vesting.


     3        There are no vesting period and performance target in relation to the grants, and no consideration is required from the relevant
              grantees at the time of vesting. Upon the occurrence of certain events in relation to a grantee, no further Awards may be granted to
              such grantee and the Awards granted to the grantee shall be clawed back and such Awards shall lapse accordingly on the date as
              determined by the Board (if such Awards are unvested). In addition, where an Award (or any part thereof) granted to a grantee has
              already been vested at the time when the grantee’s Awards are clawed back, the grantee shall return, by the Board’s determination
              at its sole and absolute discretion, either (i) the exact number of the relevant vested and clawed back underlying Shares in respect of
              such Awards, or (ii) the monetary amount equivalent to the value of the relevant underlying Share(s) of the Awards on the date of
              grant, on the date of vesting of the relevant Awards, or on the date of such clawback. In addition, in the event a grantee ceases to be
              an eligible participant under the Share Award Plan by reason of retirement, resignation or expiration of the employment or service
              agreement, any unvested Awards in respect of such grantee will automatically lapse with effect from the date on which the grantee’s
              employment or service is terminated.


     4        The closing price of the shares immediately before the date on which the awards were granted and fair value of each award was
              both HK$2.43. Please refer to note 2.4 to the financial statements in respect of the accounting standard and policy adopted for such
              awards.


     5        The weighted average closing price of the shares immediately before the date on which the awards vested was HK$2.70.




RETIREMENT BENEFITS PLANS

Particulars of retirement benefits plans of the Group as at 31 December 2023 are set out in note 2.4 to the
financial statements.




                                                                                                                            Directors’ Report 37
    DIRECTORS’ REPORT

    DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES,
    UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY OR ITS ASSOCIATED
    CORPORATIONS

    As of 31 December 2023, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company in
    the Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (within the meaning
    of Part XV of the SFO which were required (a) to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to
    Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they have taken or deemed
    to have under such provisions of the SFO); or (b) to be recorded in the register required to be kept pursuant to
    Section 352 of the SFO; or (c) as otherwise to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the
    Model Code were as follows:

                                                                                                                                    Approximate
                                                                                                                                   percentage of
                                                                                                               Number of              the issued
          Name of Directors                             Capacity                                                 Shares             share capital
                                                                                                                 (note 1)


          Mr. Wang (note 2)                             Beneficial owner; trustee of                         415,961,920                     18.57%
                                                          a trust; beneficiary of a trust
          Mr. Wargo                                     Beneficial owner                                       91,913,960                     4.10%
          Mr. Wong                                      Beneficial owner                                        2,607,604                     0.12%
          Mr. Chu                                       Beneficial owner                                          207,604                     0.01%
          Mr. Eesley                                    Beneficial owner                                          207,604                     0.01%
          Mr. Kwan                                      Beneficial owner                                          163,604                     0.01%

    Notes:


    (1)      All interests stated are long positions.


    (2)      Mr. Wang is a settlor, a trustee and a beneficiary of the JYW Trust. Mr. Wang and the JYW Trust are the settlors and Mr. Wang is the trustee
             and beneficiary of the YBW Trust. Mr. Wang is interested in 31,200,000 Shares beneficially owned by him, 208,761,920 Shares held by him
             in his capacity as trustee and beneficiary of the JYW Trust, 32,000,000 Shares in his capacity as trustee and beneficiary of the YBW Trust,
             32,000,000 Shares which may be issued pursuant to the exercise of options granted under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme and
             112,000,000 Shares which may be issued pursuant to the exercise of options granted under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme.


    Save as disclosed above, as of 31 December 2023, so far as is known to the Directors or chief executive of the
    Company, none of the Directors or chief executive of the Company had interests or short positions in the Shares,
    underlying Shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations which (a) were required to be
    notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including
    interests and short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO); or (b)
    were required, pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, to be recorded in the register referred to therein; or (c) were
    required, pursuant to the Model Code, to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange.




38 Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2023
                                                                                                DIRECTORS’ REPORT

DIRECTORS’ RIGHT TO ACQUIRE SHARES

Save as disclosed in this report, at no time during the year ended 31 December 2023 was the Company, or any of
its subsidiaries or its fellow subsidiaries a party to any arrangement to enable the Directors and chief executives of
the Company (including their spouses and children under 18 years of age) to hold any interest or short positions in
the Shares, or underlying shares, or debentures, of the Company or its associated corporations (within the
meaning of Part XV of the SFO).



SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES,
UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES

As of 31 December 2023, so far as was known to any Director or chief executive of the Company, the following
persons (other than the Directors and chief executive of the Company) had interests and/or short positions in the
Shares or underlying Shares which would fall to be disclosed to the Company pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3 of Part
XV of the SFO or as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under section 336 of the SFO:

                                                                                                                              Approximate
                                                                                                                             percentage of
                                                                                                         Number of              the issued
      Name of shareholder                              Capacity                                            Shares(1)          share capital


      LU Jian                                          Beneficial owner                                 127,011,920                      5.67
      Antfin (Hong Kong) Holding Limited(2)            Beneficial owner                                 115,606,936                      5.16
      Hangzhou Yunqiang Enterprise                     Interest in a controlled corporation             115,606,936                      5.16
        Management Consulting Co., Ltd(2)
      Ant Group Co., Ltd.(2)                           Interest in a controlled corporation             115,606,936                       5.16

Notes:


(1)      All interests stated are long positions.


(2)      The 115,606,936 Shares are held by Antfin (Hong Kong) Holding Limited. Antfin (Hong Kong) Holding Limited is wholly-owned by Hangzhou
         Yunqiang Enterprise Management Consulting Co., Ltd., which is in turn wholly-owned by Ant Group Co., Ltd. Ant Group Co., Ltd. is owned as
         to approximately 22.42% by Hangzhou Junao Equity Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership) and approximately 31.04% by Hangzhou
         Junhan Equity Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership).


Save as disclosed above, as of 31 December 2023, the Directors have not been notified by any person (other than
the Directors or chief executive of the Company) who had interests or short positions in the Shares or underlying
Shares which shall be disclosed to the Company pursuant to Division 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or as recorded
in the register required to be kept pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO.




                                                                                                                          Directors’ Report 39
    DIRECTORS’ REPORT

    DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS OF
    SIGNIFICANCE

    Save as disclosed in this report, no transaction, arrangement or contract of significance subsisted in which a
    Director or an entity connected with a Director was materially interested, whether directly or indirectly, during or
    as at 31 December 2023.



    MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

    No contract concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business
    of the Company was entered into or existed during the year ended 31 December 2023.



    DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS

    As at 31 December 2023, none of the Directors or their respective associates had any business or interests in a
    business which competes or is likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with the business of the Group.



    CONFIRMATION OF INDEPENDENCE

    The Company has received from each of the independent non-executive Directors during the reporting period
    namely, Mr. Chu, Mr. Eesley and Mr. Kwan, an annual confirmation of independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the
    Listing Rules and considers all of them were independent during the year ended 31 December 2023.



    CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

    There was no connected transaction during the year ended 31 December 2023.



    ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL MATTERS

    In order to promote the sustainable development, the Group actively promotes green office tips to achieve energy
    and resource savings and carried out environmental protection measures including saving paper, saving electricity,
    reasonable use of vehicles, support of green finance development and so on.

    The Group believes that talent is the driving force for corporate development and is also an important intellectual
    asset. The human resources department of the Group has developed human resources policies which aims to
    regulate matters including recruitment and dismissal, promotion and training, compensation and benefits as well
    as working hours and holiday arrangements. During the year ended 31 December 2023 and up to the date of this
    annual report, the Group has not experienced any material labour disputes that have affected our operations and
    the relationship with employees has been satisfactory.

    The Group has also formulated policies on the suppliers’ selection to minimise environmental and social risks in the
    supply chains. During the year ended 31 December 2023 and up to the date of this annual report, the Group has
    no material disputes between the clients and/or suppliers.



40 Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2023
                                                                            DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Details of the Company’s compliance with the relevant provisions set out in the Environmental, Social and
Governance Reporting Guide in Appendix 27 to the Listing Rules for the year are set out in the Environmental,
Social and Governance Report.



CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

The Corporate Governance Report is set out on pages 42 to 54 of this annual report.



SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT

Based on the information publicly available to the Company and within the Directors’ knowledge, at least 25% of
the Company’s total issued share capital was held by the public as at the Latest Practicable Date prior to the issue
of this report.



AUDITOR

Ernst & Young retires and a resolution for Ernst & Young’s reappointment as auditor of the Company will be
proposed at the forthcoming AGM.

On behalf of the Board




Yangbin Bernard WANG
Chairman, Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer

Hong Kong, 25 March 2024




                                                                                                 Directors’ Report 41
    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES

    The Board is committed to maintaining high corporate governance standards. The Board believes that good
    corporate governance standards are essential in providing a framework for the Group to formulate its business
    strategies and policies, and to enhance its transparency and accountability.

    During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Company has applied the principles as set out in the CG Code
    which are applicable to the Company.

    In the opinion of the Directors, during the year ended 31 December 2023, the Company has complied with all
    applicable code provisions as set out in the CG Code, save and except for code provision C.2.1 which states that
    the roles of chairman and chief executive officer should be separate and should not be performed by the same
    individual, details of which are set out in the paragraph headed “Chairman and Chief Executive Officer” of this
    report.



    MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS

    The Company has adopted the Model Code as its code of conduct regarding securities transactions by the
    Directors. The Company has also set guidelines, at least as strict as the Model Code, on transactions of the
    Company’s securities for relevant employees (as defined in the Listing Rules).

    The Company has made specific inquiries to all Directors about their compliance with the Model Code, and they all
    confirmed that they complied with the standards specified in the Model Code during the year ended 31 December
    2023. The Company has made specific inquiries of relevant employees about their compliance with the guidelines
    on transactions of the Company’s securities, without noticing any violation of the guidelines.



    BOARD OF DIRECTORS

    Composition of the Board of Directors
    As at the date of this report, the Board consisted of eight members comprising two executive Directors, three non-
    executive Directors and three independent non-executive Directors. The composition of the Board is as follows:

    Executive Directors:
    Mr. Yangbin Bernard WANG (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)
    Mr. WONG Wai Kwan

    Non-executive Directors:
    Mr. TANG Yi Hoi Hermes (Vice-Chairman)
    Mr. CHAN Ching Yan Daniel
    Mr. J David WARGO

    Independent Non-executive Directors:
    Mr. Alfred Tsai CHU
    Mr. Charles Eric EESLEY
    Mr. KWAN Ngai Kit



42 Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2023
                                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The biographical details of all current Directors and senior management of the Company are set out on pages 22
to 25 of this annual report. To the best knowledge of the Company, save as disclosed under the section headed
“Directors and Senior Management” on pages 22 to 25 of this annual report, there are no financial, business, family
or other material or relevant relationships among the members of the Board and/or the senior management during
the reporting period.

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Code provision C.2.1 of the CG Code states that the roles of chairman and chief executive officer should be
separate and should not be performed by the same individual. Mr. Yangbin Bernard WANG is both our Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer, and is responsible for the overall management of our Group and directing the strategic
development and business plans of our Group. We believe Mr. Wang is instrumental to our growth and business
expansion since our establishment in 2005. Our Board considers that the roles of chairman and chief executive
officer being vested in the same person is beneficial to the business prospects, management and overall strategic
direction of our Group by ensuring consistent leadership within our Group and facilitating more effective and
efficient overall strategic planning and decision-making for our Group. In addition, the Board meets regularly to
consider major matters affecting the operations of the Group and all Directors are properly and promptly briefed
on such matters with adequate, complete and reliable information. In addition, under the supervision of the Board
which is comprised of two executive Directors, two non-executive Director and three independent non-executive
Directors as at the date of this report, the Board is appropriately structured with balance of power to provide
sufficient checks to protect the interests of the Company and its shareholders. After considering all the corporate
governance measures that have been taken, the Board considers that the balance of power and authority will not
be impaired by the present arrangement and the current structure will enable the Company to make and
implement decisions more promptly and effectively. Thus, the Company does not segregate the roles of Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer.

Independent Non-executive Directors
During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Board at all times met the requirements of the Listing Rules relating
to the appointment of at least three independent non-executive Directors representing one-third of the Board with
one of whom possessing appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or related financial management
expertise.

The Company has received written annual confirmation from each of the independent non-executive Directors in
respect of his/her independence in accordance with the independence guidelines set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing
Rules. The Company is of the view that all independent non-executive Directors are independent.

The Company has established the following mechanisms to ensure independent views and input are available to
the Board:

•    A sufficient number of three independent non-executive Directors representing at least one-third of the
     Board have been appointed and all of them continue to devote adequate time contribution to the Company;

•    All independent non-executive Directors are required to confirm in writing annually their compliance of
     independence requirements;




                                                                                 Corporate Governance Report 43
    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

    •    Annual meeting between the Chairman and all independent non-executive Directors without presence of
         other Directors provides an effective platform for the Chairman to listen to independent views on various
         issues concerning the Company;

    •    Independent professional advice would be provided to independent non-executive Directors upon
         reasonable request to assist them to perform their duties to the Company;

    •    Non-executive Directors receive fixed fee(s) for their role as members of the Board and Board Committee(s)
         as appropriate;

    •    Independent non-executive Directors’ independence is assessed upon appointment, annually, and at any
         other time where the circumstances warrant reconsideration;

    •    All Directors are encouraged to express freely their independent views and constructive challenges during
         the Board/Board Committees meetings; and

    •    An Independent Board Committee consisting of independent non-executive Directors is established by the
         Board as and when required to manage any connected party transactions.

    The Board will review the implementation and effectiveness of such mechanisms on an annual basis.



    NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS AND DIRECTORS’ RE-ELECTION

    Code provision B.2.2 of the CG Code stipulates that non-executive directors shall be appointed for a specific term,
    subject to re-election, whereas code provision A.4.2 states that all directors appointed to fill a casual vacancy
    shall be subject to election by shareholders at the first general meeting after appointment and that every director,
    including those appointed for a specific term, shall be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three
    years.

    Each of the executive Directors, non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors is appointed
    under a service contract for a term of three years which is determinable either party by giving one week’s written
    notice to the other party.

    In accordance with the Articles, all Directors are subject to retirement by rotation and re-election at an AGM at
    least once every three years. Any Director appointed by the Board to fill a casual vacancy shall hold office until the
    first general meeting and any Director appointed by the Board as an addition to the Board shall hold office until the
    next following AGM after his/her appointment and they will be subject to re-election at such meeting.




44 Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2023
                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Responsibilities, Accountabilities and Contributions of the Board and Management
The Board is responsible for leadership and control of the Company and oversees the Group’s businesses,
strategic decisions and performance and is collectively responsible for promoting the success of the Company by
directing and supervising its affairs. The Directors take decisions objectively in the interests of the Company.

All Directors, including non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors, have brought a wide
spectrum of valuable business experience, knowledge and professionalism to the Board for its efficient and
effective functioning.

All Directors have full and timely access to all the information of the Company as well as the services and advice
from the senior management. The Directors may, upon request, seek independent professional advice in
appropriate circumstances, at the Company’s expenses for discharging their duties to the Company.

The Directors shall disclose to the Company details of other offices held by them and the Board regularly reviews
the contribution required from each Director to perform his/her responsibilities to the Company.

The Board reserves for its decision all major matters relating to policy matters, strategies and budgets, internal
control and risk management, material transactions (in particular those that may involve conflict of interests),
financial information, appointment of Directors and other significant operational matters of the Company.
Responsibilities relating to implementing decisions of the Board, directing and coordinating the daily operation and
management of the Company are delegated to the management.

Continuous Professional Development of Directors
Directors keep abreast of responsibilities as a director of the Company and of the conduct, business activities and
development of the Company.

Every newly appointed Director will receive formal and comprehensive induction on the first occasion of his/her
appointment to ensure appropriate understanding of the business and operations of the Company and full
awareness of director’s responsibilities and obligations under the Listing Rules and relevant statutory requirements.

Directors should participate in appropriate CPD to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills to ensure that
their contribution to the Board remains informed and relevant. All Directors are encouraged to attend relevant
training courses.




                                                                                  Corporate Governance Report 45
    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

    The Directors and senior management have also reviewed the performance of the Company and the sales strategy
    of the industry and have also discussed the market condition of the industry. All the Directors received from time
    to time CPD and updates relating to Director’s duties and regulatory and business development relevant to the
    Company and their CPD record for the year ended 31 December 2023 is received and summarised as follows.

    Executive Directors:                                                     Type of training(1)
    Mr. Yangbin Bernard WANG                                                 A and B
    Mr. WONG Wai Kwan                                                        A and B
    Mr. MATSUZAWA Masaaki (retired on 30 June 2023)                          A and B

    Non-executive Directors:
    Mr. TANG Yi Hoi Hermes (appointed on 18 July 2023)                       A and B
    Mr. CHAN Ching Yan Daniel                                                A and B
    Mr. J David WARGO                                                        A and B

    Independent Non-executive Directors:
    Mr. Alfred Tsai CHU                                                      A and B
    Mr. Charles Eric EESLEY                                                  A and B
    Mr. KWAN Ngai Kit                                                        A and B

    (1)   Type of training


    A     Attending training sessions, including but not limited to, briefings, seminars, conferences and workshops


    B     Reading relevant news alerts, newspapers, journals, magazines and relevant publications




    BOARD COMMITTEES

    The Board has established three committees, namely, the audit committee, the remuneration committee and the
    nomination committee for overseeing particular aspects of the Company’s affairs. All Board committees of the
    Company are established with defined written terms of reference. The terms of reference of the Board committees
    are posted on the Company’s website (vobile.com) and the Stock Exchange’s website (www.hkexnews.hk) and are
    available to shareholders upon request.

    The majority of the members of each Board committee are independent non-executive Directors and the list of the
    chairman and members of each Board committee is set out in the section headed “Corporate Information” in this
    report.




46 Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2023
                                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Audit Committee
As at the date of this annual report, the Audit Committee comprises a non-executive Directors, being Mr. J David
WARGO and three independent non-executive Directors, being Mr. Alfred Tsai CHU, Mr. Charles Eric EESLEY and
Mr. KWAN Ngai Kit. The chairman of the Audit Committee is Mr. KWAN Ngai Kit. The terms of reference of the
Audit Committee are available on the respective websites of the Stock Exchange and the Company.

The primary duties of the audit committee are to review, supervise, and assist our Board in providing an
independent view of, our financial reporting processes, and internal control and risk management systems, as well
as to oversee the audit process, review our annual and interim financial statements, provide advice and comments
to the Board on matters related to corporate governance, and perform other duties and responsibilities as
assigned by our Board from time to time.

The Audit Committee held three meetings during the year ended 31 December 2023 to review the interim and
annual financial results and reports and significant issues on the financial reporting, operational and compliance
controls, the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems and internal audit function,
appointment of external auditors and relevant scope of work.

The Audit Committee also met the external auditors twice without the presence of the Executive Directors during
the year ended 31 December 2023.

Remuneration Committee
As at the date of this annual report, the Remuneration Committee comprises an executive Director, being Mr.
Yangbin Bernard WANG, a non-executive Director, being Mr. J David WARGO and three independent non-
executive Directors, being Mr. Alfred Tsai CHU, Mr. Charles Eric EESLEY and Mr. KWAN Ngai Kit. The chairman of
the Remuneration Committee is Mr. Charles Eric EESLEY. The terms of reference of the Remuneration Committee
are available on the respective websites of the Stock Exchange and the Company.

The primary duties of the remuneration committee are to (i) develop and review the policies the structure of the
remuneration for our Directors and senior management; (ii) evaluate the performance of, and make
recommendations on the remuneration packages and long-term incentive compensation or equity plans for, our
Directors and senior management; and (iii) evaluate and make recommendations on employee benefit
arrangements.

The Remuneration Committee held two meetings during the year ended 31 December 2023 to determine the
remuneration packages of Executive Directors and senior management, to review and make recommendation to
the Board on the remuneration policy and structure of the Company, to review and approve matters relating to
share schemes, and other related matters.

Details of the fees and other emoluments paid or payable to the Directors and the details of the remuneration by
band of the members of the senior management (excluding Directors) for the year ended 31 December 2023 are
set out in details in notes 8 and 9 to the audited financial statements contained in this report.




                                                                                Corporate Governance Report 47
    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

    Nomination Committee
    As at the date of this annual report, the Nomination Committee comprises an executive Director, being Mr.
    Yangbin Bernard WANG, a non-executive Director, being Mr. CHAN Ching Yan Daniel and three independent non-
    executive Directors, being Mr. Alfred Tsai CHU, Mr. Charles Eric EESLEY and Mr. KWAN Ngai Kit. The chairman of
    the Nomination Committee is Mr. Alfred Tsai CHU. The terms of reference of the Nomination Committee are
    available on the respective websites of the Stock Exchange and the Company.

    The primary functions of the nomination committee are to make recommendations to our Board in relation to the
    appointment and removal of Directors and senior management, and on matters of succession planning.

    The duties and authorities of the Nomination Committee are contained in its terms of reference, which fully comply
    with code provision B.3.1 of the CG Code and are available on the websites of the Stock Exchange and the
    Company.

    The Nomination Committee has formulated and set out its nomination policy in its terms of reference. The
    objective of the nomination policy is to ensure that the Board has a balance of skills, experience and diversity of
    perspectives appropriate to the requirements of the Company’s businesses. To ensure changes to the Board
    composition can be managed without undue disruption, a formal, considered and transparent procedure is in place
    for selection, appointment and re-appointment of Directors, as well as plans in place for orderly succession (if
    considered necessary), including periodical review of such plans. The appointment of a new Director (to be an
    additional Director or fill a casual vacancy as and when it arises) or any re-appointment of Directors is a matter for
    decision by the Board upon the recommendation of the proposed candidate by the Nomination Committee.

    Before making recommendation to the Board, the criteria to be applied in considering whether a candidate is
    qualified shall be his or her ability to devote sufficient time and attention to the affairs of the Company, character,
    qualifications, experience, independence and contribution to the diversity of the Board and ability to effectively
    carry out the Board’s responsibilities. Further details of the selection criteria and the procedure are set out in the
    terms of reference of the Nomination Committee.

    The Board adopts a Board diversity policy which sets out its approach to achieve and maintain its diversity through
    consideration of a number of measurable objectives including but not limited to professional qualifications, regional
    and industry experience, educational and cultural background, skills, industry knowledge, reputation and gender,
    as well as other attributes and strengths that are required for the Company’s business from time to time. In
    assessing the Board composition, the nomination committee would take into account various aspects set out in
    the Board diversity policy. The Nomination Committee reviews the board diversity policy at least annually and
    monitor the implementation to ensure continued effectiveness and compliance with regulatory requirements and
    good corporate governance practices, and discusses and agrees on new measurable objectives for achieving
    diversity on the Board, where necessary, and recommends them to the Board for adoption.

    The Nomination Committee held two meetings during the year ended 31 December 2023 to review the structure,
    size and composition of the Board and the independence of the Independent Non-executive Directors and to
    consider the qualifications of the retiring Directors standing for election at the AGM. The Nomination Committee
    considered an appropriate balance of diversity perspectives of the Board is maintained and plans to maintain the
    female director ratio at current level.




48 Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2023
                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Diversity at Workforce Level
In terms of employment, the Group insists on the principle of fairness and equal treatment regardless of
citizenship, nationality, race, gender, religious belief and cultural background, and does not impose any restrictive
requirements on gender, ethnicity, nationality and region.

The gender ratio in the workforce of the Group, including senior management, as of 31 December 2023 is set out
below:

                                                                                As of 31 December 2023
                                                                                                 Percentage of
                                                                                 Number of     total number of
                                                                                employees           employees


  Male employees                                                                        286                   49%
  Female employees                                                                      292                   51%


                                                                                        578                  100%


Corporate Governance Functions
The Board is responsible for performing the functions set out in the code provision A.2.1 of the CG Code.

The Board reviewed the Company’s corporate governance policies and practices, training and continuous
professional development of Directors and senior management, the Company’s policies and practices on
compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, the compliance of the Model Code and the guidelines, and the
Company’s compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in this corporate governance report.




                                                                                  Corporate Governance Report 49
    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

    ATTENDANCE RECORD OF DIRECTORS AND COMMITTEE MEMBERS

    The attendance record of each Director at the Board and Board Committee meetings and AGM of the Company
    held during the year ended 31 December 2023 is set out in the table below:

                                                                Audit Remuneration Nomination
      Name of Director                             Board    Committee   Committee Committee                     AGM


      Executive Directors
      Mr. Yangbin Bernard WANG                        8/8           N/A              4/4           3/3             1/1
      Mr. WONG Wai Kwan                               8/8           3/3              N/A           N/A             1/1
      Mr. MATSUZAWA Masaaki                           5/5           N/A              N/A           N/A             1/1
        (retired on 30 June 2023)

      Non-executive Directors
      Mr. TANG Yi Hoi Hermes                          3/3           N/A              N/A           N/A             1/1
       (appointed on 18 July 2023)
      Mr. J David WARGO                               8/8           3/3              4/4           N/A             1/1
      Mr. CHAN Ching Yan Daniel                       8/8           N/A              N/A           3/3             1/1

      Independent Non-executive
        Directors
      Mr. Alfred Tsai CHU                             8/8           3/3              4/4            3/3            1/1
      Mr. Charles Eric EESLEY                         8/8           3/3              4/4            3/3            1/1
      Mr. KWAN Ngai Kit                               8/8           3/3              4/4            3/3            1/1


    During the year, apart from the Board meetings, consents and/or approvals of the Board were also obtained by
    way of written resolutions on a number of matters/transactions. The Chairman of the Board met all the
    independent non-executive Directors without the presence of the other Directors after the Board meeting held on
    31 August 2023 in compliance with code provision C.2.7 of the CG Code.



    DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY IN RESPECT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

    The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for preparing the financial statements of the Company for the year
    ended 31 December 2023.

    The Directors are not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may cast significant
    doubt upon the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern.

    The statement of the independent auditor of the Company about their reporting responsibilities on the financial
    statements is set out in the section headed “Independent Auditor’s Report” on pages 55 to 59 of this annual report.




50 Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2023
                                                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION

An analysis of the remuneration that should be paid to the external auditor of the Company, Ernst & Young, for the
audit of the year ended 31 December 2023 and non-audit services relating to tax advisory services is set out
below:

    Service Category                                                                             Fee Paid/Payable
                                                                                                          HK$’000


    Audit services of annual report                                                                           4,600
    Non-audit services                                                                                          547



RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS

The Board is responsible for maintaining an effective risk management and internal control systems and reviewing
their effectiveness to safeguard the Company’s assets and the interests of Shareholders. The Audit Committee
assists the Board in leading the management and overseeing their design, implementation and monitoring of the
risk management and internal control systems. The risk management and internal control systems are designed to
manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business objectives, and can only provide reasonable
and not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss.

In order to achieve effective and efficient operations and reliable financial reporting and compliance with
applicable laws and regulations, the Company has adopted various internal control rules and procedures, including
the following:

•      To adopt the internal control management measures, which sets out the procedures for effective
       implementation of internal control measures.

•      To engage external professional advisers as necessary and work with our legal teams to conduct review to
       ensure that all registrations, licenses, permits, filings and approvals are valid and that the renewals of such
       documents are made in a timely manner.

The Board has engaged an external professional service firm as its risk management and internal control review
adviser (the “Adviser”) to conduct the annual review of the risk management and internal control systems for the
year ended 31 December 2023 as there is no internal audit function within the Group and the Directors considered
it to be more cost effective to appoint external independent professionals to perform internal audit functions for
the Group. The Directors will continue to review at least annually the need for an internal audit function. Such
review is conducted annually and cycles reviewed are under rotation basis. The scope of review was previously
determined and approved by the Board. The Adviser has reported findings and areas for improvement to the Audit
Committee and management. The Audit Committee are of the view that there are no material internal control
defeats noted. All recommendations from the Adviser are properly followed up by the Group to ensure that they
are implemented within a reasonable period of time. The Board therefore considered that the risk management
and internal control systems are effective and adequate.




                                                                                    Corporate Governance Report 51
    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

    DISSEMINATION OF INSIDE INFORMATION

    The Group has in place a framework for the disclosure of inside information by reference to the Guidelines on
    Disclosure of Inside Information issued by the Securities and Futures Commission. The framework sets out the
    procedures and internal controls for the handling and dissemination of inside information in an appropriate and
    timely manner, such as steps to ascertain sufficient details, conduct internal assessment of the matter and its
    likely impact on the Company, seek professional advice where required and verification of the facts. Before the
    information is fully disclosed to the public, any persons who possess the knowledge of such information must
    ensure strict confidentiality and must not deal in any of the Company’s securities.



    SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS

    The Company engages with shareholders through various communication channels and a shareholders’
    communication policy is in place to ensure that shareholders’ views and concerns are appropriately addressed.
    The policy is regularly reviewed to ensure its effectiveness.

    To safeguard shareholders’ interests and rights, separate resolution should be proposed for each substantially
    separate issue at general meetings, including the election of individual Directors. All resolutions put forward at
    general meetings will be voted on by poll pursuant to the Listing Rules and poll results will be posted on the
    websites of the Company and of the Stock Exchange after each general meeting.

    Convening an Extraordinary General Meeting by Shareholders
    Under Article 12.3 of the Articles, any two or more shareholders holding at the date of the deposit of the requisition
    not less than one-tenth of the paid-up capital of the Company carrying the right of voting at general meetings of
    the Company may at all times have the right, by a written requisition to the Board or the company secretary of the
    Company, to require the convening of an extraordinary general meeting to be called by the Board for the
    transaction of any business specified in such requisition; and such meeting shall be held within 42 days after the
    deposit of such requisition. If, within 21 days of such deposit, the Board fails to proceed to convene such meeting,
    the requisitionists themselves may do so in the same manner, and all reasonable expenses incurred by the
    requisitionists as a result of the failure of the Board shall be reimbursed to the requisitionists by the Company.

    Putting Forward Proposals at General Meetings
    The Board is not aware of any provisions allowing the shareholders of the Company to put forward proposals at
    general meetings of the Company under the Articles and the Companies Law of the Cayman Islands Law.
    Shareholders who wish to put forward proposals at general meetings may refer to the preceding paragraph to
    make a written requisition to require the convening of an extraordinary general meeting of the Company.

    Detailed procedures for shareholders to propose a person for election as a director of the Company are published
    on the Company’s website.




52 Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2023
                                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Putting Forward Enquiries to the Board
For putting forward any enquiries to the Board, Shareholders may send written enquiries to the Company. The
Company will not normally deal with verbal or anonymous enquiries.

Contact Details
Shareholders may send their enquiries or requests as mentioned above to the following:

Address:       Suite 3712, 37/F, Tower Two,
               Times Square,
               1 Matheson Street,
               Causeway Bay, Hong Kong
               (For the attention of the Board of Directors/Company Secretary)
Email:         ir@vobilegroup.com

For the avoidance of doubt, shareholder(s) must deposit and send the original duly signed written requisition,
notice or statement, or enquiry (as the case may be) to the above address and provide their full name, contact
details and identification in order to give effect thereto. The information of the shareholder(s) may be disclosed as
required by law.



COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTOR RELATIONS

The Company considers that effective communication with its shareholders is essential for enhancing investor
relations and investor understanding of the Group’s business performance and strategies. The Company
endeavours to maintain an on-going dialogue with its shareholders and in particular, through annual general
meetings and other general meetings, publishing corporate communications such as interim results and annual
results, financial reports, announcements and circulars. Shareholders may make enquiries with the Company
through channels as mentioned above, and provide comments and recommendations to the Directors. Upon
receipt of enquiries from shareholders, the Company will respond as soon as practicable.

The chairman of the Board, respective chairman of the Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee and Nomination
Committee, or, in their absence, other members of the respective board committees, will make themselves
available at the annual general meetings to meet shareholders of the Company, answer their enquiries, and to
understand their views.

During the year under review, an annual general meeting of the Company was held on 30 June 2023 at which all
the Directors attended either by person or by means of electronic facilities to communicate with the shareholders
of the Company. In addition, all corporate communications and regulatory announcements were published by the
Company on its website and the website of the Stock Exchange in a timely manner. The Board considers that the
shareholders communication policy is effective during the year ended under review.




                                                                                  Corporate Governance Report 53
    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

    At a general meeting of the Shareholders held on 30 June 2023, Shareholders approved the proposed
    amendments to the existing amended and restated memorandum and articles of association of the Company (the
    “Memorandum and Articles”) and the proposed adoption of a second amended and restated Memorandum and
    Articles in order to, among other things, (i) bring the Memorandum and Articles in line with the relevant
    requirements of the Listing Rules and the applicable laws of Cayman Islands; and (ii) make some other
    housekeeping improvements. An up to date version of the Articles is available on the websites of the Company
    and the Stock Exchange.

    The Company has in place a Shareholders’ Communication Policy to ensure that shareholders’ views and concerns
    are appropriately addressed. The policy is regularly reviewed to ensure its effectiveness. During the year of 2023,
    the Board reviewed the shareholders engagement and communication activities and was satisfied with the
    implementation and effectiveness of the above Shareholders’ Communication Policy.



    DIVIDEND POLICY

    Pursuant to Code provision F.1.1 of the CG Code, the Company has adopted a dividend policy as set forth below:

    Following completion of the global offering, we may distribute dividends by way of cash or by other means that
    our Directors consider appropriate. A decision to distribute any interim dividend or recommend any final dividend
    would require the approval of our Board and will be at its discretion. In addition, any final dividend for a financial
    year will be subject to Shareholders’ approval. Our Board will review our Company’s dividend policy from time to
    time in light of the following factors in determining whether dividends are to be declared and paid:

    —    our financial results;

    —    Shareholders’ interests;

    —    general business conditions, strategies and future expansion needs;

    —    the Group’s capital requirements;

    —    the payment by its subsidiaries of cash dividends to the Company;

    —    possible effects on liquidity and financial position of the Group;

    —    other factors the Board may deem relevant.

    Our Directors may declare dividends after taking into account, among other things, our results of operations,
    financial condition and position, the amount of distributable profits, our Articles, the Companies Law of the
    Cayman Islands Law, applicable laws and regulations and other factors that our Directors deem relevant.
    Prospective investors should note that historical dividend distributions are not indicative of our future dividend
    distribution policy.


    COMPANY SECRETARY

    Mr. Ho Sai Hong Vincent, aged 38, is the financial controller and company secretary of our Company. He has
    complied with requirements set out in Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules by receiving relevant professional training for
    not less than 15 hours during the year ended 31 December 2023.




54 Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2023
                                                   INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




To the shareholders of Vobile Group Limited
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)



OPINION

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Vobile Group Limited (the “Company”) and its
subsidiaries (the “Group”) set out on pages 60 to 147, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial
position as at 31 December 2023, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss, the consolidated statement of
comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash
flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including material accounting
policy information.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position
of the Group as at 31 December 2023, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash
flows for the year then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”) issued by
the International Accounting Standards Board (the “IASB”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with
the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.



BASIS FOR OPINION

We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the Hong Kong
Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”). Our responsibilities under those standards are further
described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements section of our
report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional
Accountants (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We
believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.




                                                                                    Independent Auditor’s Report 55
    INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

    KEY AUDIT MATTERS

    Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of
    the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our
    audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not
    provide a separate opinion on these matters. For each matter below, our description of how our audit addressed
    the matter is provided in that context.

    We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated
    financial statements section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit included
    the performance of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of material misstatement of
    the consolidated financial statements. The results of our audit procedures, including the procedures performed to
    address the matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the accompanying consolidated financial
    statements.

      Key audit matter                                         How our audit addressed the key audit matter


      Impairment of goodwill

      As at 31 December 2023, the Group’s goodwill amounted    We obtained an understanding of the process in place
      to HK$1,170,392,000, of which HK$555,195,000,            in the impairment assessment of goodwill.
      HK$52,960,000 and HK$562,237,000 were allocated
      to the Content Monetization cash-generating unit         We discussed with management and assessed the
      (“CGU”), the Content Protection CGU and the Particle     reasonableness of allocation of goodwill to different
      Technology CGU, respectively.                            CGUs.

      The recoverable amounts of the Content                   We involved our internal specialists to evaluate the
      Monetization CGU and the Content Protection CGU          assumptions and methodologies used by the Group,
      has been determined based on a value-in-use              such as the pre-tax discount rate and terminal growth
      calculation using five-year cash flow projections, and   rate. We discussed with our internal specialists
      the recoverable amount of the Particle Technology        regarding their valuation results.
      CGU have been determined based on a value-in-use
      calculation using seven-year cash flow projections.      We assessed the recoverable amount of goodwill by
      Considering different nature of business, the            reviewing the operating cash flows of the cash-
      management believes that the time period mentioned       generating unit, management’s forecasts, and the
      above is appropriate to each CGU to reflect              underlying assumptions.
      continuous revenue growth up to terminal growth
      rate. This process involves management to estimate       We also focused on the adequacy of the Group’s
      a projected number of viewership on videos, a            disclosures concerning those assumptions to which
      projected amount of advertisement insert on videos,      the outcome of the impairment test is most sensitive,
      the expected future market demand as a result of         such as the revenue growth rate, gross profit margin
      changes in current market conditions and                 and the discount rate. They have the most significant
      technology, and the latest invoice prices. An            effect on the determination of the recoverable amount
      assessment was made at the end of the reporting          of goodwill. We assessed the sufficiency of the
      period.                                                  sensitivity analysis performed by the directors of the
                                                               Company.
      We focused on this area because it requires a high
      level of management judgement and the amount
      involved is significant.

      Related disclosures are included in notes 2.4, 3 and
      16 to the consolidated financial statements.


56 Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2023
                                                   INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

  Key audit matter                                          How our audit addressed the key audit matter


 Recognition of deferred tax assets

  The balance of deferred tax assets as at 31               We obtained an understanding of the deferred tax
  December 2023 amounted to HK$86,615,000.                  asset calculation and performed substantive audit
  Deferred tax assets had been provided for the losses      procedures on the recognition of deferred tax balances
  available for offsetting against future taxable profits   based on local tax regulations, and on the analysis of
  and temporary differences arising between the tax         the recoverability of the deferred tax assets.
  bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying
  amounts in the financial statements. The Group had        We evaluated the Group’s assumptions and estimates
  tax losses and unutilised deduction arising in the        in relation to the likelihood of generating sufficient
  United States of HK$105,917,000 as at 31 December         future taxable income based on budgets and plans,
  2023 that will expire in twenty years for offsetting      principally by performing sensitivity analyses and
  against future taxable profits. The deferred tax          evaluating and testing the key assumptions used to
  assets were calculated at a composite statutory tax       determine the amounts recognised.
  rate of 29.61%, which consisted of a federal income
  tax rate and multiple state income tax rates.        We also involved our internal specialists to support us
                                                       in these procedures in order to assess the accuracy of
  We focused on this area because it requires a high the deferred tax asset recognition.
  level of management judgement and the amount
  involved is significant.                             We also assessed the adequacy of related disclosures
                                                       in the consolidated financial statements.
  Related disclosures are included in notes 2.4, 3 and
  28 to the consolidated financial statements.



OTHER INFORMATION INCLUDED IN THE ANNUAL REPORT

The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
information included in the Annual Report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report
thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express
any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the
consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially
misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this
other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.




                                                                                    Independent Auditor’s Report 57
    INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

    RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS

    The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that
    give a true and fair view in accordance with IFRSs issued by the IASB and the disclosure requirements of the Hong
    Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors of the Company determine is necessary
    to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether
    due to fraud or error.

    In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Company are responsible for assessing the
    Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and
    using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors of the Company either intend to liquidate the
    Group or to cease operations or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

    The directors of the Company are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for
    overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.



    AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
    STATEMENTS

    Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole
    are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes
    our opinion. Our report is made solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility
    towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.

    Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance
    with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error
    and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the
    economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

    As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional
    scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

    •    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due
         to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence
         that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material
         misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion,
         forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

    •    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
         appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of
         the Group’s internal control.

    •    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates
         and related disclosures made by the directors.




58 Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2023
                                                   INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

•    Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based
     on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that
     may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a
     material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures
     in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our
     conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future
     events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

•    Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including
     the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions
     and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

•    Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business
     activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible
     for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit
     opinion.

We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the
audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during
our audit.

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be
thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards
applied.

From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key
audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public
disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be
communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to
outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Wan Yee Hooi .




Ernst & Young
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong

25 March 2024




                                                                                     Independent Auditor’s Report 59
    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
    Year ended 31 December 2023



                                                                2023         2022
                                                    Notes    HK$’000       HK$’000


      REVENUE                                        5      2,000,989     1,442,670
      Cost of services provided                             (1,150,832)    (851,958)


      Gross profit                                            850,157       590,712
      Other income and gains                         5          39,903        53,491
      Selling and marketing expenses                         (284,855)      (151,951)
      Administrative expenses                                (203,076)     (162,912)
      Research and development expenses                      (231,533)     (133,129)
      Finance costs                                   7        (92,252)      (92,772)
      Share of profits and losses of an associate    18              1           (93)
      Other expenses                                           (31,204)      (10,804)


      PROFIT BEFORE TAX                               6        47,141       92,542
      Income tax expense                             10       (47,351)     (34,439)


      (LOSS)/PROFIT FOR THE YEAR                                 (210)      58,103


      Attributable to:
        Owners of the Company                                   (7,818)     42,002
        Non-controlling interests                                7,608       16,101


                                                                 (210)      58,103


      (LOSS)/EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO
        OWNERS OF THE COMPANY
      Basic
      — For (loss)/profit for the year (HK$)         12       (0.0035)      0.0198


      Diluted
      — For (loss)/profit for the year (HK$)         12       (0.0035)      0.0196




60 Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2023
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                                Year ended 31 December 2023



                                                                                2023             2022
                                                                             HK$’000           HK$’000


(LOSS)/PROFIT FOR THE YEAR                                                       (210)           58,103


OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS
Other comprehensive loss that may be reclassified to
  profit or loss in subsequent periods:
  Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                   (46,060)         (106,662)


OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS FOR THE YEAR, NET OF TAX                             (46,060)         (106,662)


TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE LOSS FOR THE YEAR ATTRIBUTABLE TO
 OWNERS OF THE COMPANY                                                        (46,270)          (48,559)


Attributable to:
  Owners of the Company                                                       (50,730)          (60,580)
  Non-controlling interests                                                     4,460             12,021


                                                                              (46,270)          (48,559)




                                                       Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 61
    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
    31 December 2023



                                                                          2023       2022
                                                              Notes    HK$’000     HK$’000


      NON-CURRENT ASSETS
      Property, plant and equipment                            13        70,831      47,140
      Investment properties                                    14        70,234      66,446
      Right-of-use assets                                     15(a)      13,014      20,129
      Goodwill                                                 16     1,170,392   1,184,396
      Other intangible assets                                  17      436,696     388,056
      Investments in associates                                18           999        1,018
      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss    22       199,280     193,481
      Deferred tax assets                                      28        86,615      93,785
      Prepayments and deposits                                 21         2,485        1,951


      Total non-current assets                                        2,050,546   1,996,402


      CURRENT ASSETS
      Inventories                                              19         4,397      17,092
      Trade receivables                                        20     1,057,247     686,151
      Prepayments, other receivables and other assets          21       128,420     114,479
      Tax recoverable                                                    10,614      11,863
      Pledged deposits                                         23        14,841    207,843
      Cash and cash equivalents                                23      240,043     226,495


      Total current assets                                            1,455,562   1,263,923


      CURRENT LIABILITIES
      Trade payables                                           24      450,875     279,691
      Other payables and accruals                              25       98,187      71,089
      Interest-bearing borrowings                              26      131,303     652,654
      Lease liabilities                                       15(b)      8,398       11,496
      Tax payable                                                       43,284      34,606
      Convertible bonds                                        27        4,680        4,680


      Total current liabilities                                         736,727   1,054,216


      NET CURRENT ASSETS                                                718,835    209,707


      TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                           2,769,381   2,206,109




62 Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2023
            CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                 31 December 2023



                                                                        2023           2022
                                                          Notes      HK$’000         HK$’000


 NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
 Convertible bonds                                         27        103,000           97,006
 Interest-bearing borrowings                               26        443,951          351,232
 Lease liabilities                                        15(b)        5,143            9,695
 Deferred tax liabilities                                  28         77,475           74,541


 Total non-current liabilities                                       629,569         532,474


 Net assets                                                         2,139,812       1,673,635


 EQUITY
 Equity attributable to owners of the Company
 Share capital                                             29             441             417
 Treasury shares                                           29         (32,604)        (79,893)
 Equity component of convertible bonds                     27           8,614           8,614
 Reserves                                                  31       1,977,715       1,563,311


                                                                    1,954,166       1,492,449

 Non-controlling interests                                           185,646          181,186


 Total equity                                                       2,139,812       1,673,635




Yangbin Bernard WANG                            KWAN Ngai Kit
Director                                        Director



                                                   Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 63
    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
    Year ended 31 December 2023



                                                                                 Attributable to owners of the Company

                                                          Equity
                                                      component                                      Share Exchange                             Non-
                                 Share    Treasury of convertible      Share Merger     Other compensation fluctuation Accumulated         controlling                  Total
                                capital     shares        bonds     premium* reserve* reserve*     reserve* reserve*        losses*  Total interests                   equity
                               HK$’000    HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000       HK$’000 HK$’000         HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000                    HK$’000


      At 1 January 2023            417    (79,893)         8,614 1,405,598      2,916     199,151        69,089          (92,111)   (21,332) 1,492,449    181,186 1,673,635
      (Loss)/profit for the
          year                       —          —              —         —         —           —              —               —      (7,818)    (7,818)    7,608        (210)
      Exchange differences
          related to foreign
          operations                 —          —              —         —         —           —              —      (42,912)            —     (42,912)    (3,148)   (46,060)


      Total comprehensive
         (loss)/income for
         the year                    —          —              —         —         —           —              —      (42,912)        (7,818)   (50,730)    4,460     (46,270)

      Issue of shares               22          —              —    471,835        —           —              —               —          —     471,857         —     471,857
      Equity-settled share
          compensation
          arrangements               2     48,599              —      1,373        —           —          (8,074)             —          —     41,900          —      41,900
      Shares repurchased
          under share award
          scheme                     —      (1,310)            —         —         —           —              —               —          —      (1,310)        —       (1,310)


      As at 31 December
         2023                      441    (32,604)         8,614 1,878,806      2,916     199,151         61,015    (135,023)       (29,150) 1,954,166    185,646 2,139,812




64 Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2023
                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                                                                            Year ended 31 December 2023



                                                                                   Attributable to owners of the Company

                                                        Equity
                                                    component                                              Share Exchange                                    Non-
                               Share    Treasury of convertible       Share     Merger        Other compensation fluctuation Accumulated                controlling
                              capital     shares        bonds      premium*     reserve*    reserve*     reserve*    reserve*     losses*         Total interests Total equity
                             HK$’000    HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000        HK$’000   HK$’000    HK$’000


    At 1 January 2022            417    (62,437)             —    1,414,421      2,916      199,151          34,718        10,471     (63,334) 1,536,323         —     1,536,323
    Profit for the year           —          —               —           —          —            —               —             —       42,002     42,002     16,101       58,103
    Exchange differences
        related to foreign
        operations                 —         —               —           —           —           —               —     (102,582)          —     (102,582)    (4,080)    (106,662)


    Total comprehensive
       loss for the year           —         —               —           —           —           —               —     (102,582)      42,002     (60,580)    12,021     (48,559)

    Acquisition of
        subsidiaries              —          —               —           —           —           —               —             —          —           —     169,165      169,165
    Equity-settled share
        compensation
        arrangements              —      27,006              —       (8,823)         —           —           34,371            —          —       52,554         —       52,554
    Issue of convertible
        bonds                     —          —            8,614          —          —            —               —             —          —        8,614         —         8,614
    Shares repurchased
        under Share Award
        Plan                      —     (44,462)             —           —          —            —               —             —          —      (44,462)        —      (44,462)


    As at 31 December
       2022                      417    (79,893)          8,614   1,405,598      2,916      199,151         69,089         (92,111)   (21,332) 1,492,449    181,186    1,673,635


*        These reserve accounts comprise the consolidated other reserves of HK$1,977,715,000 (2022: HK$1,563,311,000) in the consolidated
         statement of financial position.




                                                                                                      Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 65
    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
    Year ended 31 December 2023



                                                                                   2023         2022
                                                                       Notes    HK$’000       HK$’000


      CASH FLOWS USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES
      Profit before tax                                                           47,141        92,542

      Adjustments for:
      Finance costs                                                      7       92,252         92,772
      Interest income                                                    5       (4,434)        (4,549)
      Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                     13        9,489          6,523
      Changes in fair value of investment properties                    14       (3,468)        (6,962)
      Depreciation of right-of-use assets                              15(a)     11,898         11,887
      Loss on disposal of items of property, plant and equipment and
        right-of-use assets                                            13, 15         —            460
      Amortisation of other intangible assets                            17     114,363         67,812
      Impairment of financial assets                                    20       10,866            684
      Changes in fair value of financial assets at FVTPL                         (7,006)       (17,039)
      Share of profits and losses of an associate                       18            (1)           93
      Loss on extinguishment of debts                                             6,195             —
      Equity-settled share compensation expense                                  41,900         52,554


                                                                                 319,195       296,777

      Decrease/(increase) in inventories                                           12,695         (9,701)
      Increase in trade receivables                                             (381,962)      (163,641)
      Decrease/(increase) in prepayments and other assets                           7,919       (56,339)
      (Increase)/decrease in deposits and other receivables                      (22,394)      267,085
      Increase/(decrease) in other payables                                       27,098      (243,682)
      Increase/(decrease) in trade payables                                       171,184       (22,579)


      Cash generated from operations                                            133,735         67,920
      Interest received                                                           4,434          4,549
      Interest paid                                                                (776)          (861)
      Overseas taxes paid                                                       (27,320)       (34,000)


      Net cash flows from operating activities                                   110,073        37,608


      CASH FLOWS USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES
      Purchases of items of property, plant and equipment                        (33,971)        (9,511)
      Purchases of items of other intangible assets                             (176,109)      (95,575)
      Purchases of investment properties                                           (1,778)     (17,466)
      Acquisition of a subsidiary                                                      —      (919,149)
      Purchases of financial assets                                               (2,003)            —
      Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at FVTPL                              —        13,782


      Net cash flows used in investing activities                               (213,861)    (1,027,919)


66 Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2023
                         CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                                    Year ended 31 December 2023



                                                                                   2023              2022
                                                                      Notes     HK$’000            HK$’000


CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Proceeds from issue of convertible bonds                               27               —          106,377
Proceeds from issue of shares                                                     471,857                 —
New bank loans                                                                    176,931           914,718
Repayment of bank loans                                                         (603,880)                 —
Decrease/(increase) in pledged deposits for bank loans                           193,002          (207,843)
Purchase of shares held under the Share Award Plan                     29           (1,310)        (44,462)
Interest paid                                                                     (85,410)          (44,169)
Principal portion of lease payments                                   33(b)        (12,210)          (11,075)


Net cash flows from financing activities                                         138,980           713,546


NET INCREASE/(DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                               35,192         (276,765)
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                         23        226,495           496,865
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net                                      (21,644)           6,395


CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF YEAR                                         240,043           226,495


ANALYSIS OF BALANCES OF CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
Cash and bank balances                                                           169,770           203,615
Time deposits with original maturity of less than
  three months when acquired                                                      70,273            22,880


Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the statement of cash flows     23        240,043           226,495




                                                                     Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 67
    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    31 December 2023



    1.   CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION

         Vobile Group Limited was incorporated as an exempted company with limited liability in the Cayman Islands
         on 28 July, 2016 under the Companies Law, Chapter 22 of the Cayman Islands. The registered address of
         the office of the Company is Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive, P.O. Box 2681, Grand Cayman KY1-1111, Cayman
         Islands.

         The Company is an investment holding company. During the year, the Group is principally engaged in
         providing Software as a Service (“SaaS”).

         Information about subsidiaries
         Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are as follows:

                                                                     Place and date of       Nominal value of       Percentage of
                                                                        incorporation/       issued ordinary/     equity attributable
                                                                      registration and            registered       to the company         Principal
              Name                                                   place of business          share capital       Direct     Indirect   activities

              Vobile, Inc. (“Vobile US”) *                                   United States         US$80,000             —        100%         SaaS
                                                                             20 May 2005

              Vobile Japan, Inc. (“Vobile Japan”) *                             Japan          JPY20,000,000             —     99.75%          SaaS
                                                                     5 September 2009

              Vobile Group (HK) Limited (“Vobile HK”)                       Hong Kong           HK$1,000,000             —        100%         SaaS
                                                                     18 December 2014

              Hangzhou Vobile Technology Co. Ltd.                  PRC/Mainland China        RMB200,000,000              —        100%         SaaS
                (“Vobile Hangzhou”)**                                 8 February 2018

              Vobile Australia PTY., Ltd. (“Vobile Australia”)               Australia                   AUD1            —        100%         SaaS
                                                                      23 October 2018

              Guangzhou Vobile Technology Co. Ltd.                 PRC/Mainland China         RMB50,000,000              —        100%         SaaS
                (“Vobile Guangzhou”)***                                25 March 2019

              Wuhan Vobile Technology Co. Ltd.                     PRC/Mainland China         RMB50,000,000              —        100%         SaaS
               (“Vobile Wuhan”)***                                      24 June 2021

              Zhejiang Vobile Media Technology Co. Ltd.            PRC/Mainland China        RMB100,000,000              —        100%         SaaS
                (“Vobile Zhejiang”)**                                     5 July 2021

              Hangzhou Particle Culture Technology                 PRC/Mainland China          RMB41,523,808             —      61.18%         SaaS
                Co., Ltd. (“Particle”)***                           15 December 2014

              Hangzhou New Particle Culture Technology             PRC/Mainland China          RMB41,523,808             —      61.18%         SaaS
                Co., Ltd. (“New Particle”)***                        28 January 2022

              Zhejiang Yanhua Culture Technology Co. Ltd.          PRC/Mainland China        RMB100,000,000              —      61.18%         SaaS
                (“Zhejiang Yanhua”)***                                   6 June 2016

              Zhejiang Shanxun Network Technology Co. Ltd.         PRC/Mainland China         RMB20,000,000              —      61.18%         SaaS
                (“Zhejiang Shanxun”)***                               13 October 2015

         Note:

         *        As at the date of this report, no audited financial statements of Vobile US and Vobile Japan have been prepared since the date of
                  incorporation as these entities were not subject to any statutory audit requirements under the relevant rules and regulations in the
                  jurisdictions of incorporation.
         **       Registered as wholly-foreign-owned enterprises under PRC law.
         ***      Registered as a limited liability company under PRC law.

         The above table lists the subsidiaries of the Company which, in the opinion of the directors, principally
         affected the results for the year or formed a substantial portion of the net assets of the Group. To give
         details of other subsidiaries would, in the opinion of the directors, result in particulars of excessive length.

68 Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2023
             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   31 December 2023



2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION

   These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting
   Standards (“IFRSs”), which comprise all standards and interpretations issued by the International Accounting
   Standards Board (the “IASB”) and International Accounting Standards (“IASs”) and Standing Interpretations
   Committee interpretations issued by the International Accounting Standards Committee that remain in effect,
   and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. They have been prepared under
   the historical cost convention, except for investment properties, derivative financial instruments, wealth
   management products and equity investments which have been measured at fair value. These financial
   statements are presented in Hong Kong dollars and all values are rounded to the nearest thousand except
   when otherwise indicated.

   Basis of consolidation
   The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries
   (collectively referred to as the “Group”) for the year ended 31 December 2023. A subsidiary is an entity
   (including a structured entity), directly or indirectly, controlled by the Company. Control is achieved when the
   Group is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee and has the ability
   to affect those returns through its power over the investee (i.e., existing rights that give the Group the
   current ability to direct the relevant activities of the investee).

   Generally, there is a presumption that a majority of voting rights results in control. When the Company has
   less than a majority of the voting or similar rights of an investee, the Group considers all relevant facts and
   circumstances in assessing whether it has power over an investee, including:

   (a)   the contractual arrangement with the other vote holders of the investee;

   (b)   rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and

   (c)   the Group’s voting rights and potential voting rights.

   The financial statements of the subsidiaries are prepared for the same reporting period as the Company,
   using consistent accounting policies. The results of subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on which the
   Group obtains control, and continue to be consolidated until the date that such control ceases.

   Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the
   Company. All intra-group assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to
   transactions between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

   The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there
   are changes to one or more of the three elements of control described above. A change in the ownership
   interest of a subsidiary, without a loss of control, is accounted for as an equity transaction.




                                                                  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 69
    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    31 December 2023



    2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION (Continued)

         Basis of consolidation (Continued)
         If the Group loses control over a subsidiary, it derecognises the related assets (including goodwill), liabilities,
         any non-controlling interest and exchange fluctuation reserve; and recognises the fair value of any
         investment retained and any resulting surplus or deficit in profit or loss. The Group’s share of components
         previously recognised in other comprehensive income is reclassified to profit or loss or retained profits, as
         appropriate, on the same basis as would be required if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets
         or liabilities.



    2.2 CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES

         The Group has adopted the following new and revised IFRSs for the first time for the current year’s financial
         statements.

         IFRS 17                                       Insurance Contracts
         Amendments to IAS 1 and IFRS Practice         Disclosure of Accounting Policies
           Statement 2
         Amendments to IAS 8                           Definition of Accounting Estimates
         Amendments to IAS 12                          Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a
                                                         Single Transaction
         Amendments to IAS 12                          International Tax Reform — Pillar Two Model Rules

         The nature and the impact of the new and revised IFRSs that are applicable to the Group are described
         below:

         (a)   Amendments to IAS 1 require entities to disclose their material accounting policy information rather than
               their significant accounting policies. Accounting policy information is material if, when considered
               together with other information included in an entity’s financial statements, it can reasonably be
               expected to influence decisions that the primary users of general purpose financial statements make on
               the basis of those financial statements. Amendments to IFRS Practice Statement 2 Making Materiality
               Judgements provide non-mandatory guidance on how to apply the concept of materiality to accounting
               policy disclosures. The Group has disclosed the material accounting policy information in note 2 to the
               financial statements. The amendments did not have any impact on the measurement, recognition or
               presentation of any items in the Group’s financial statements.

         (b)   Amendments to IAS 8 clarify the distinction between changes in accounting estimates and changes in
               accounting policies. Accounting estimates are defined as monetary amounts in financial statements that
               are subject to measurement uncertainty. The amendments also clarify how entities use measurement
               techniques and inputs to develop accounting estimates. Since the Group’s approach and policy align
               with the amendments, the amendments had no impact on the Group’s financial statements.




70 Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2023
              NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             31 December 2023



2.2 CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES (Continued)

   (c)   Amendments to IAS 12 Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction
         narrow the scope of the initial recognition exception in IAS 12 so that it no longer applies to transactions
         that give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences, such as leases and
         decommissioning obligations. Therefore, entities are required to recognise a deferred tax asset (provided
         that sufficient taxable profit is available) and a deferred tax liability for temporary differences arising
         from these transactions.

         Prior to the initial application of these amendments, the Group applied the initial recognition exception
         and did not recognise a deferred tax asset and a deferred tax liability for temporary differences for
         transactions related to leases. The Group has applied the amendments on temporary differences
         related to leases as at 1 January 2022. Upon initial application of these amendments, the Group
         recognised (i) a deferred tax asset for all deductible temporary differences associated with lease
         liabilities (provided that sufficient taxable profit is available), and (ii) a deferred tax liability for all taxable
         temporary differences associated with right-of-use assets at 1 January 2022, with cumulative effect
         recognised as an adjustment to the balances of retained profits and non-controlling interests at that
         date.

         Upon the application of the amendments, the Group has determined the temporary differences arising
         from right-of-use assets and lease liabilities separately, which have been reflected in the reconciliation
         disclosed in note 28 to the financial statements. However, they did not have any material impact on the
         overall deferred tax balances presented in the consolidated statement of financial position as the
         related deferred tax balances qualified for offsetting under IAS 12.

   (d)   Amendments to IAS 12 International Tax Reform — Pillar Two Model Rules introduce a mandatory
         temporary exception from the recognition and disclosure of deferred taxes arising from the
         implementation of the Pillar Two model rules published by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation
         and Development. The amendments also introduce disclosure requirements for the affected entities to
         help users of the financial statements better understand the entities’ exposure to Pillar Two income
         taxes, including the disclosure of current tax related to Pillar Two income taxes separately in the periods
         when Pillar Two legislation is effective and the disclosure of known or reasonably estimable information
         of their exposure to Pillar Two income taxes in periods in which the legislation is enacted or
         substantively enacted but not yet in effect. The Group has applied the amendments retrospectively.
         Since the Group did not fall within the scope of the Pillar Two model rules, the amendments did not
         have any impact to the Group.




                                                                      Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 71
    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    31 December 2023



    2.3 ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING
        STANDARDS

         The Group has not applied the following revised IFRSs, that have been issued but are not yet effective, in
         these financial statements. The Group intends to apply these revised IFRSs, if applicable, when they become
         effective.

         Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28                     Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its
                                                                Associate or Joint Venture 3
         Amendments to IFRS 16                                Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback 1
         Amendments to IAS 1                                  Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current
                                                                (the “2020 Amendments”) 1
         Amendments to IAS 1                                  Non-current Liabilities with Covenants (the “2022 Amendments”) 1
         Amendments to IAS 7 and IFRS 7                       Supplier Finance Arrangements 1
         Amendments to IAS 21                                 Lack of Exchangeability 2

         1
               Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024
         2
               Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2025
         3
               No mandatory effective date yet determined but available for adoption


         The directors of the Group considered that the application of the above issued but not yet effective IFRSs
         will not have a material impact on the Group’s consolidated financial results.



    2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES

         Investments in associates
         An associate is an entity in which the Group has a long term interest of generally not less than 20% of the
         equity voting rights and over which it has significant influence. Significant influence is the power to
         participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee, but is not control or joint control
         over those policies.

         The Group’s investments in associates and joint ventures are stated in the consolidated statement of
         financial position at the Group’s share of net assets under the equity method of accounting, less any
         impairment losses.

         The Group’s share of the post-acquisition results and other comprehensive income of associates is included
         in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and consolidated other comprehensive income, respectively.
         In addition, when there has been a change recognised directly in the equity of the associate, the Group
         recognises its share of any changes, when applicable, in the consolidated statement of changes in equity.
         Unrealised gains and losses resulting from transactions between the Group and its associates are eliminated
         to the extent of the Group’s investments in the associates, except where unrealised losses provide evidence
         of an impairment of the assets transferred. Goodwill arising from the acquisition of associates is included as
         part of the Group’s investments in associates.




72 Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2023
             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    31 December 2023



2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

   Investments in associates (Continued)
   If an investment in an associate becomes an investment in a joint venture or vice versa, the retained interest
   is not remeasured. Instead, the investment continues to be accounted for under the equity method. In all
   other case, upon loss of significant influence over the associate, the Group measures and recognises any
   retained investment at its fair value. Any difference between the carrying amount of the associate upon loss
   of significant influence and the fair value of the retained investment and proceeds from disposal is
   recognised in profit or loss.

   When an investment in an associate is classified as held for sale, it is accounted for in accordance with
   IFRS 5 Non-current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations .

   Business combinations and goodwill
   Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred is
   measured at the acquisition date fair value which is the sum of the acquisition date fair values of assets
   transferred by the Group, liabilities assumed by the Group to the former owners of the acquiree and the
   equity interests issued by the Group in exchange for control of the acquiree. For each business combination,
   the Group elects whether to measure the non-controlling interests in the acquiree at fair value or at the
   proportionate share of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets. All other components of non-controlling
   interests are measured at fair value. Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred.

   The Group determines that it has acquired a business when the acquired set of activities and assets includes
   an input and a substantive process that together significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs.

   When the Group acquires a business, it assesses the financial assets and liabilities assumed for appropriate
   classification and designation in accordance with the contractual terms, economic circumstances and
   pertinent conditions as at the acquisition date. This includes the separation of embedded derivatives in host
   contracts of the acquiree.

   If the business combination is achieved in stages, the previously held equity interest is remeasured at its
   acquisition date fair value and any resulting gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss.

   Any contingent consideration to be transferred by the acquirer is recognised at fair value at the acquisition
   date. Contingent consideration classified as an asset or liability is measured at fair value with changes in fair
   value recognised in profit or loss. Contingent consideration that is classified as equity is not remeasured and
   subsequent settlement is accounted for within equity.




                                                                 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 73
    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    31 December 2023



    2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

         Business combinations and goodwill (Continued)
         Goodwill is initially measured at cost, being the excess of the aggregate of the consideration transferred, the
         amount recognised for non-controlling interests and any fair value of the Group’s previously held equity
         interests in the acquiree over the identifiable net assets acquired and liabilities assumed. If the sum of this
         consideration and other items is lower than the fair value of the net assets acquired, the difference is, after
         reassessment, recognised in profit or loss as a gain on bargain purchase.

         After initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less any accumulated impairment losses. Goodwill is
         tested for impairment annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
         carrying value may be impaired. The Group performs its annual impairment test of goodwill as at 31
         December. For impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is, from the acquisition date,
         allocated to each of the Group’s cash-generating units, or groups of cash-generating units, that are expected
         to benefit from the synergies of the combination, irrespective of whether other assets or liabilities of the
         Group are assigned to those units or groups of units.

         Impairment is determined by assessing the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit (group of cash-
         generating units) to which the goodwill relates. Where the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit
         (group of cash-generating units) is less than the carrying amount, an impairment loss is recognised. An
         impairment loss recognised for goodwill is not reversed in a subsequent period.

         Where goodwill has been allocated to a cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units) and part of
         the operation within that unit is disposed of, the goodwill associated with the operation disposed of is
         included in the carrying amount of the operation when determining the gain or loss on the disposal. Goodwill
         disposed of in these circumstances is measured based on the relative value of the operation disposed of and
         the portion of the cash-generating unit retained.

         Fair value measurement
         The Group measures its financial instruments at fair value at the end of each reporting period. Fair value is
         the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
         between market participants at the measurement date. The fair value measurement is based on the
         presumption that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either in the principal
         market for the asset or liability, or in the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for
         the asset or liability. The principal or the most advantageous market must be accessible by the Group. The
         fair value of an asset or a liability is measured using the assumptions that market participants would use
         when pricing the asset or liability, assuming that market participants act in their economic best interest.

         A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant’s ability to generate
         economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another market participant
         that would use the asset in its highest and best use.

         The Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient data
         are available to measure fair value, maximising the use of relevant observable inputs and minimising the use
         of unobservable inputs.




74 Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2023
             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     31 December 2023



2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

   Fair value measurement (Continued)
   All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the financial statements are
   categorised within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is
   significant to the fair value measurement as a whole:

   Level 1   —     based on quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
   Level 2   —     based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair
                   value measurement is observable, either directly or indirectly
   Level 3   —     based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair
                   value measurement is unobservable

   For assets and liabilities that are recognised in the financial statements on a recurring basis, the Group
   determines whether transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by reassessing categorisation
   (based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole) at the end of
   each reporting period.

   Impairment of non-financial assets
   Where an indication of impairment exists, or when annual impairment testing for an asset is required (other
   financial assets), the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated. An asset’s recoverable amount is the higher of
   the asset’s or cash-generating unit’s value in use and its fair value less costs of disposal, and is determined
   for an individual asset, unless the asset does not generate cash inflows that are largely independent of those
   from other assets or groups of assets, in which case the recoverable amount is determined for the cash-
   generating unit to which the asset belongs.

   In testing a cash-generating unit for impairment, a portion of the carrying amount of a corporate asset (e.g., a
   headquarters building) is allocated to an individual cash-generating unit if it can be allocated on a reasonable
   and consistent basis or, otherwise, to the smallest group of cash-generating units.

   An impairment loss is recognised only if the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its recoverable amount. In
   assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax
   discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to
   the asset. An impairment loss is charged to profit or loss in the period in which it arises in those expense
   categories consistent with the function of the impaired asset.

   An assessment is made at the end of each reporting period as to whether there is an indication that
   previously recognised impairment losses may no longer exist or may have decreased. If such an indication
   exists, the recoverable amount is estimated. A previously recognised impairment loss of an asset other than
   goodwill is reversed only if there has been a change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable
   amount of that asset, but not to an amount higher than the carrying amount that would have been
   determined (net of any depreciation/amortisation) had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset in
   prior years. A reversal of such an impairment loss is credited to profit or loss in the period in which it arises,
   unless the asset is carried at a revalued amount, in which case the reversal of the impairment loss is
   accounted for in accordance with the relevant accounting policy for that revalued asset.




                                                                 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 75
    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    31 December 2023



    2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

         Related parties
         A party is considered to be related to the Group if:

         (a)   the party is a person or a close member of that person’s family and that person

               (i)     has control or joint control over the Group;

               (ii)    has significant influence over the Group; or

               (iii)   is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or of a parent of the Group;

         or

         (b)   the party is an entity where any of the following conditions applies:

               (i)     the entity and the Group are members of the same group;

               (ii)    one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or of a parent, subsidiary or fellow
                       subsidiary of the other entity);

               (iii)   the entity and the Group are joint ventures of the same third party;

               (iv)    one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity;

               (v)     the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or
                       an entity related to the Group;

               (vi)    the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a);

               (vii) a person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key
                     management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity); and

               (viii) the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel
                      services to the Group or to the parent of the Group.




76 Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2023
             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                      31 December 2023



2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

   Property, plant and equipment and depreciation
   Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and any impairment losses.
   The cost of an item of property, plant and equipment comprises its purchase price and any directly
   attributable costs of bringing the asset to its working condition and location for its intended use.

   Expenditure incurred after items of property, plant and equipment have been put into operation, such as
   repairs and maintenance, is normally charged to profit or loss in the period in which it is incurred. In situations
   where the recognition criteria are satisfied, the expenditure for a major inspection is capitalised in the
   carrying amount of the asset as a replacement. Where significant parts of property, plant and equipment are
   required to be replaced at intervals, the Group recognises such parts as individual assets with specific useful
   lives and depreciates them accordingly.

   Depreciation is calculated on the straight-line basis to write off the cost of each item of property, plant and
   equipment to its residual value over its estimated useful life. The principal annual rates used for this purpose
   are as follows:

   Computer equipment                        10%–25%
   Leasehold improvements                    Over the shorter of lease terms and 20%
   Furniture and fixtures                    10%–33%
   Motor vehicles                            20%–25%
   Buildings                                 10%

   Where parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, the cost of that item is
   allocated on a reasonable basis among the parts and each part is depreciated separately. Residual values,
   useful lives and the depreciation method are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at least at each financial
   year end.

   An item of property, plant and equipment including any significant part initially recognised is derecognised
   upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal. Any gain or loss on
   disposal or retirement recognised in profit or loss in the year the asset is derecognised is the difference
   between the net sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the relevant asset.

   Construction in progress is stated at cost less any impairment losses, and is not depreciated. It is reclassified
   to the appropriate category of property, plant and equipment when completed and ready for use.

   Investment properties
   Investment properties are interests in land and buildings (including right-of-use assets) held to earn rental
   income and/or for capital appreciation. Such properties are measured initially at cost, including transaction
   costs. Subsequent to initial recognition, investment properties are stated at fair value, which reflects market
   conditions at the end of the reporting period.




                                                                  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 77
    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    31 December 2023



    2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

         Investment properties (Continued)
         Gains or losses arising from changes in the fair values of investment properties are included in the statement
         of profit or loss in the year in which they arise.

         Any gains or losses on the retirement or disposal of an investment property are recognised in the statement
         of profit or loss in the year of the retirement or disposal.

         Intangible assets (other than goodwill)
         Intangible assets acquired separately are measured on initial recognition at cost. The cost of intangible
         assets acquired in a business combination is the fair value at the date of acquisition. The useful lives of
         intangible assets are assessed to be finite. Intangible assets with finite lives are subsequently amortised over
         the useful economic life and assessed for impairment whenever there is an indication that the intangible
         asset may be impaired. The amortisation period and the amortisation method for an intangible asset with a
         finite useful life are reviewed at least at each financial year end.

         Intangible assets with definite useful lives are amortised on the straight-line basis over the following
         economic useful lives.

         Deferred development cost                10 years
         Software                                 1 to 10 years
         Copyright                                1 to 5 years
         Technology                               3 to 10 years
         Customer relationship                    5 years

         Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are tested for impairment annually either individually or at the
         cash-generating unit level. Such intangible assets are not amortised. The useful life of an intangible asset
         with an indefinite life is reviewed annually to determine whether the indefinite life assessment continues to
         be supportable. If not, the change in the useful life assessment from indefinite to finite is accounted for on a
         prospective basis.

         Research and development costs
         All research costs are charged to profit or loss as incurred.

         Expenditure incurred on projects to develop new products is capitalised and deferred only when the Group
         can demonstrate the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for use
         or sale, its intention to complete and its ability to use or sell the asset, how the asset will generate future
         economic benefits, the availability of resources to complete the project and the ability to measure reliably the
         expenditure during the development. Product development expenditure which does not meet these criteria is
         expensed when incurred.

         Deferred development costs are stated at cost less any impairment losses and are amortised using the
         straight-line basis over the commercial lives of the underlying products, commencing from the date when the
         products are put into commercial production.




78 Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2023
             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     31 December 2023



2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

   Leases
   The Group assesses at contract inception whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or
   contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time
   in exchange for consideration.

   Group as a lessee
   The Group applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases, except for short-term
   leases and leases of low-value assets. The Group recognises lease liabilities to make lease payments and
   right-of-use assets representing the right to use the underlying assets.

   (a) Right-of-use assets
        Right-of-use assets are recognised at the commencement date of the lease (that is the date the
        underlying asset is available for use). Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated
        depreciation and any impairment losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities. The
        cost of right-of-use assets includes the amount of lease liabilities recognised, initial direct costs
        incurred, and lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives
        received. Right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease
        terms and the estimated useful lives of the assets as follows:

        Offices                                   2 to 6 years

        If ownership of the leased asset transfers to the Group by the end of the lease term or the cost reflects
        the exercise of a purchase option, depreciation is calculated using the estimated useful life of the asset.

   (b) Lease liabilities
        Lease liabilities are recognised at the commencement date of the lease at the present value of lease
        payments to be made over the lease term. The lease payments include fixed payments (including in-
        substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable, variable lease payments that depend
        on an index or a rate, and amounts expected to be paid under residual value guarantees. The lease
        payments also include the exercise price of a purchase option reasonably certain to be exercised by
        the Group and payments of penalties for termination of a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group
        exercising the option to terminate the lease. The variable lease payments that do not depend on an
        index or a rate are recognised as an expense in the period in which the event or condition that triggers
        the payment occurs.

        In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses its incremental borrowing rate at the
        lease commencement date because the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable.
        After the commencement date, the amount of lease liabilities is increased to reflect the accretion of
        interest and reduced for the lease payments made. In addition, the carrying amount of lease liabilities is
        remeasured if there is a modification, a change in the lease term, a change in lease payments (e.g., a
        change to future lease payments resulting from a change in an index or rate) or a change in assessment
        of an option to purchase the underlying asset.




                                                                 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 79
    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    31 December 2023



    2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

         Leases (Continued)
         Group as a lessee (Continued)
         (c) Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets
               The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its short-term leases of offices (that is
               those leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do not
               contain a purchase option). It also applies the recognition exemption for leases of low-value assets to
               leases of office equipment and laptop computers that are considered to be of low value. Lease
               payments on short-term leases are recognised as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease
               term.

         Investments and other financial assets
         Initial recognition and measurement
         Financial assets are classified, at initial recognition, as subsequently measured at amortised cost, fair value
         through other comprehensive income, and fair value through profit or loss.

         The classification of financial assets at initial recognition depends on the financial asset’s contractual cash
         flow characteristics and the Group’s business model for managing them. With the exception of trade
         receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or for which the Group has applied the
         practical expedient of not adjusting the effect of a significant financing component, the Group initially
         measures a financial asset at its fair value, plus in the case of a financial asset not at fair value through profit
         or loss, transaction costs. Trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or for
         which the Group has applied the practical expedient are measured at the transaction price determined under
         IFRS 15 in accordance with the policies set out for “Revenue recognition” below.

         In order for a financial asset to be classified and measured at amortised cost or fair value through other
         comprehensive income, it needs to give rise to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest
         (“SPPI”) on the principal amount outstanding. Financial assets with cash flows that are not SPPI are classified
         and measured at fair value through profit or loss, irrespective of the business model.

         The Group’s business model for managing financial assets refers to how it manages its financial assets in
         order to generate cash flows. The business model determines whether cash flows will result from collecting
         contractual cash flows, selling the financial assets, or both. Financial assets classified and measured at
         amortised cost are held within a business model with the objective to hold financial assets in order to collect
         contractual cash flows, while financial assets classified and measured at fair value through other
         comprehensive income are held within a business model with the objective of both holding to collect
         contractual cash flows and selling. Financial assets which are not held within the aforementioned business
         models are classified and measured at fair value through profit or loss.

         Purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the period generally established
         by regulation or convention in the marketplace are recognised on the trade date, that is, the date that the
         Group commits to purchase or sell the asset.




80 Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2023
             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                       31 December 2023



2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

   Investments and other financial assets (Continued)
   Subsequent measurement
   The subsequent measurement of financial assets depends on their classification as follows:

   Financial assets at amortised cost (debt instruments)
   Financial assets at amortised cost are subsequently measured using the effective interest method and are
   subject to impairment. Gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss when the asset is derecognised,
   modified or impaired.

   Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
   Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are carried in the statement of financial position at fair
   value with net changes in fair value recognised in the statement of profit or loss.

   This category includes derivative instruments and equity investments which the Group had not irrevocably
   elected to classify at fair value through other comprehensive income. Dividends on the equity investments
   are also recognised as other income in the statement of profit or loss when the right of payment has been
   established.

   A derivative embedded in a hybrid contract, with a financial liability or non-financial host, is separated from
   the host and accounted for as a separate derivative if the economic characteristics and risks are not closely
   related to the host; a separate instrument with the same terms as the embedded derivative would meet the
   definition of a derivative; and the hybrid contract is not measured at fair value through profit or loss.
   Embedded derivatives are measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognised in the statement of
   profit or loss. Reassessment only occurs if there is either a change in the terms of the contract that
   significantly modifies the cash flows that would otherwise be required or a reclassification of a financial asset
   out of the fair value through profit or loss category.

   A derivative embedded within a hybrid contract containing a financial asset host is not accounted for
   separately. The financial asset host together with the embedded derivative is required to be classified in its
   entirety as a financial asset at fair value through profit or loss.

   Derecognition of financial assets
   A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar financial assets)
   is primarily derecognised (i.e., removed from the Group’s consolidated statements of financial position) when:

   •    the rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired; or

   •    the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset or has assumed an obligation
        to pay the received cash flows in full without material delay to a third party under a “pass-through”
        arrangement; and either (a) the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the
        asset, or (b) the Group has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the
        asset, but has transferred control of the asset.




                                                                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 81
    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    31 December 2023



    2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

         Derecognition of financial assets (Continued)
         When the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from an asset or has entered into a pass-
         through arrangement, it evaluates if and to what extent it has retained the risk and rewards of ownership of
         the asset. When it has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset nor
         transferred control of the asset, the Group continues to recognise the transferred asset to the extent of the
         Group’s continuing involvement. In that case, the Group also recognises an associated liability. The
         transferred asset and the associated liability are measured on a basis that reflects the rights and obligations
         that the Group has retained.

         Continuing involvement that takes the form of a guarantee over the transferred asset is measured at the
         lower of the original carrying amount of the asset and the maximum amount of consideration that the Group
         could be required to repay.

         Impairment of financial assets
         The Group recognises an allowance for expected credit losses (“ECLs”) for all debt instruments not held at
         fair value through profit or loss. ECLs are based on the difference between the contractual cash flows due in
         accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at an
         approximation of the original effective interest rate. The expected cash flows will include cash flows from the
         sale of collateral held or other credit enhancements that are integral to the contractual terms.

         General approach
         ECLs are recognised in two stages. For credit exposures for which there has not been a significant increase
         in credit risk since initial recognition, ECLs are provided for credit losses that result from default events that
         are possible within the next 12 months (a 12-month ECL). For those credit exposures for which there has
         been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, a loss allowance is required for credit losses
         expected over the remaining life of the exposure, irrespective of the timing of the default (a lifetime ECL).

         At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has increased
         significantly since initial recognition. When making the assessment, the Group compares the risk of a default
         occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the
         financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition and considers reasonable and supportable information
         that is available without undue cost or effort, including historical and forward-looking information. The Group
         considers that there has been a significant increase in credit risk when contractual payments are more than
         30 days past due.

         The Group considers a financial asset in default when contractual payments are 90 days past due. However,
         in certain cases, the Group may also consider a financial asset to be in default when internal or external
         information indicates that the Group is unlikely to receive the outstanding contractual amounts in full before
         taking into account any credit enhancements held by the Group.

         A financial asset is written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovering the contractual cash
         flows.




82 Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2023
              NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             31 December 2023



2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

   Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
   General approach (Continued)
   Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial assets at amortised cost
   are subject to impairment under the general approach and they are classified within the following stages for
   measurement of ECLs except for trade receivables and contract assets which apply the simplified approach
   as detailed below.

   Stage 1    —     Financial instruments for which credit risk has not increased significantly since initial
                    recognition and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to 12-month
                    ECLs

   Stage 2    —     Financial instruments for which credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition
                    but that are not credit-impaired financial assets and for which the loss allowance is measured
                    at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs

   Stage 3    —     Financial assets that are credit-impaired at the reporting date (but that are not purchased or
                    originated credit-impaired) and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal
                    to lifetime ECLs

   Simplified approach
   For trade receivables and contract assets that do not contain a significant financing component or when the
   Group applies the practical expedient of not adjusting the effect of a significant financing component, the
   Group applies the simplified approach in calculating ECLs. Under the simplified approach, the Group does not
   track changes in credit risk, but instead recognises a loss allowance based on lifetime ECLs at each reporting
   date. The Group has established a provision matrix that is based on its historical credit loss experience,
   adjusted for forward-looking factors specific to the debtors and the economic environment.

   For other receivables, the Group recognises a loss allowance equal to 12-month ECLs unless there has been
   a significant increase in credit risk of the financial instrument since initial recognition, in which case the loss
   allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs.

   Financial liabilities
   Initial recognition and measurement
   Financial liabilities are classified, at initial recognition, as financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss,
   other borrowings, payables, or as derivatives designated as hedging instruments in an effective hedge, as
   appropriate.

   All financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value and, in the case of other borrowings and payables,
   net of directly attributable transaction costs.

   The Group’s financial liabilities include trade and other payables, convertible bonds and Interest-bearing bank
   and other borrowings.




                                                                       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 83
    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    31 December 2023



    2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

         Financial liabilities (Continued)
         Subsequent measurement
         The subsequent measurement of financial liabilities depends on their classification as follows:

         Financial liabilities at amortised cost (trade and other payables, and borrowings)
         After initial recognition, trade and other payables, and interest-bearing borrowings are subsequently
         measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest rate method unless the effect of discounting would
         be immaterial, in which case they are stated at cost. Gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss when
         the liabilities are derecognised as well as through the effective interest rate amortisation process.

         Amortised cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and fees or costs
         that are an integral part of the effective interest rate. The effective interest rate amortisation is included in
         finance costs in profit or loss.

         Convertible bonds
         The component of convertible bonds that exhibits characteristics of a liability is recognised as a liability in
         the statement of financial position, net of transaction costs. On issuance of convertible bonds, the fair value
         of the liability component is determined using a market rate for an equivalent non-convertible bond; and this
         amount is carried as a long-term liability on the amortised cost basis until extinguished on conversion or
         redemption. The remainder of the proceeds is allocated to the conversion option that is recognised and
         included in shareholders’ equity, net of transaction costs. The carrying amount of the conversion option is not
         remeasured in subsequent years. Transaction costs are apportioned between the liability and equity
         components of the convertible bonds based on the allocation of proceeds to the liability and equity
         components when the instruments are first recognised.

         Derecognition of financial liabilities
         A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled, or
         expires.

         When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different
         terms, or the terms of an existing liability are substantially modified, such an exchange or modification is
         treated as a derecognition of the original liability and a recognition of a new liability, and the difference
         between the respective carrying amounts is recognised in profit or loss.

         Offsetting of financial instruments
         Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount reported in the consolidated statement of
         financial position, if and only if, there is a currently enforceable legal right to offset the recognised amounts
         and there is an intention to settle on a net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities
         simultaneously.

         Treasury shares
         Own equity instruments which are reacquired and held by the Company or the Group (treasury shares) are
         recognised directly in equity at cost. No gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss on the purchase, sale,
         issue or cancellation of the Group’s own equity instruments.




84 Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2023
             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     31 December 2023



2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

   Inventories
   Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined on the specific
   identification basis. Net realisable value is based on estimated selling prices less any estimated costs to be
   incurred to completion and disposal.

   Cash and cash equivalents
   Cash and cash equivalents in the statement of financial position comprise cash on hand and at banks, and
   short-term highly liquid deposits with a maturity of generally within three months that are readily convertible
   into known amounts of cash, subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value and held for the purpose of
   meeting short-term cash commitments.

   For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on
   hand and at banks, and short-term deposits as defined above, less bank overdrafts which are repayable on
   demand and form an integral part of the Group’s cash management.

   Provisions
   A provision is recognised when a present obligation (legal or constructive) has arisen as a result of a past
   event and it is probable that a future outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation, provided
   that a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.

   When the Group expects some or all of a provision to be reimbursed, the reimbursement is recognised as a
   separate asset, but only when the reimbursement is virtually certain. The expense relating to a provision is
   presented in the statement of profit or loss net of any reimbursement.

   When the effect of discounting is material, the amount recognised for a provision is the present value at the
   end of the reporting period of the future expenditures expected to be required to settle the obligation. The
   increase in the discounted present value amount arising from the passage of time is included in finance costs
   in profit or loss.

   A contingent liability recognised in a business combination is initially measured at its fair value. Subsequently,
   it is measured at the higher of (i) the amount that would be recognised in accordance with the general policy
   for provisions above; and (ii) the amount initially recognised less, when appropriate, the amount of income
   recognised in accordance with the policy for revenue recognition.

   Income tax
   Income tax comprises current and deferred tax. Income tax relating to items recognised outside profit or loss
   is recognised outside profit or loss, either in other comprehensive income or directly in equity.

   Current tax assets and liabilities are measured at the amount expected to be recovered from or paid to the
   taxation authorities, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by
   the end of the reporting period, taking into consideration interpretations and practices prevailing in the
   countries in which the Group operates.

   Deferred tax is provided, using the liability method, on all temporary differences at the end of the reporting
   period between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting
   purposes.


                                                                 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 85
    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    31 December 2023



    2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

         Income tax (Continued)
         Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences, except:

         •     when the deferred tax liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or an asset or liability in a
               transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the
               accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss and does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible
               temporary differences; and

         •     in respect of taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates and
               joint ventures, when the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences can be controlled and it is
               probable that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

         Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, and the carryforward of unused
         tax credits and any unused tax losses. Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable
         that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences, and the carryforward
         of unused tax credits and unused tax losses can be utilised, except:

         •     when the deferred tax asset relating to the deductible temporary differences arises from the initial
               recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of
               the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss and does not give rise to
               equal taxable and deductible temporary differences; and

         •     in respect of deductible temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates
               and joint ventures, deferred tax assets are only recognised to the extent that it is probable that the
               temporary differences will reverse in the foreseeable future and taxable profit will be available against
               which the temporary differences can be utilised.

         The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to
         the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the
         deferred tax asset to be utilised. Unrecognised deferred tax assets are reassessed at the end of each
         reporting period and are recognised to the extent that it has become probable that sufficient taxable profit
         will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be recovered.

         Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the period
         when the asset is realised or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted
         or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

         Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset if and only if the Group has a legally enforceable
         right to set off current tax assets and current tax liabilities and the deferred tax assets and deferred tax
         liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on either the same taxable entity or
         different taxable entities which intend either to settle current tax liabilities and assets on a net basis, or to
         realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously, in each future period in which significant amounts
         of deferred tax liabilities or assets are expected to be settled or recovered.




86 Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2023
             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                  31 December 2023



2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

   Government grants
   Government grants are recognised at their fair value where there is reasonable assurance that the grant will
   be received and all attaching conditions will be complied with. When the grant relates to an expense item, it
   is recognised as income on a systematic basis over the periods that the costs, for which it is intended to
   compensate, are expensed.

   Revenue recognition
   Revenue from contracts with customers
   Revenue from contracts with customers is recognised when control of goods or services is transferred to the
   customers at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in
   exchange for those goods or services.

   When the consideration in a contract includes a variable amount, the amount of consideration is estimated to
   which the Group will be entitled in exchange for transferring the goods or services to the customer. The
   variable consideration is estimated at contract inception and constrained until it is highly probable that a
   significant revenue reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognised will not occur when the
   associated uncertainty with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved.

   Rendering of services
   Revenue from the rendering of services is recognised over time or at a point in time with reference to the
   detailed terms of transactions as stipulated in the contracts entered into with its customers and
   counterparties.

   Revenue on the rendering of services comprises the subscription-based SaaS business and the transaction-
   based SaaS business.

   The subscription-based SaaS business provides content protection services for content owners and video
   streaming platforms on a subscription basis, and a monthly subscription fee is charged to customers.
   Revenue generated from subscription fees is recognised over the subscription period on a straight-line basis.

   The transaction-based SaaS business generates revenue from the content monetization products. Revenue
   from the content monetization products is recognised when the relevant services are rendered.

   Other income
   Interest income is recognised on an accrual basis using the effective interest method by applying the rate
   that exactly discounts the estimated future cash receipts over the expected life of the financial instrument or
   a shorter period, when appropriate, to the net carrying amount of the financial asset.




                                                                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 87
    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    31 December 2023



    2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

         Contract liabilities
         A contract liability is recognised when a payment is received or a payment is due (whichever is earlier) from a
         customer before the Group transfers the related goods or services. Contract liabilities are recognised as
         revenue when the Group performs under the contract (i.e., transfers control of the related goods or services
         to the customer).

         Contract costs
         Other than the costs which are capitalised as inventories, property, plant and equipment and intangible
         assets, costs incurred to fulfil a contract with a customer are capitalised as an asset if all of the following
         criteria are met:

         (a)   The costs relate directly to a contract or to an anticipated contract that the entity can specifically
               identify.

         (b)   The costs generate or enhance resources of the entity that will be used in satisfying (or in continuing to
               satisfy) performance obligations in the future.

         (c)   The costs are expected to be recovered.

         The capitalised contract costs are amortised and charged to the statement of profit or loss on a systematic
         basis that is consistent with the transfer to the customer of the goods or services to which the asset relates.
         Other contract costs are expensed as incurred.

         Share-based payments
         The Company operates a share option scheme. Employees (including directors) and consultants of the Group
         receive remuneration in the form of share-based payments, whereby employees render services in exchange
         for equity instruments (“equity-settled transactions”). The cost of equity-settled transactions with employees
         and consultants is measured by reference to the fair value at the date at which they are granted. The fair
         value is determined by an external valuer using a Black-Scholes model, further details of which are given in
         note 30 to the financial statements.

         The cost of equity-settled transactions is recognised in employee benefit expense, together with a
         corresponding increase in equity, over the period in which the performance and/or service conditions are
         fulfilled. The cumulative expense recognised for equity-settled transactions at the end of each reporting
         period until the vesting date reflects the extent to which the vesting period has expired and the Group’s best
         estimate of the number of equity instruments that will ultimately vest. The charge or credit to profit or loss
         for a period represents the movement in the cumulative expense recognised as at the beginning and end of
         that period.




88 Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2023
             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   31 December 2023



2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

   Share-based payments (Continued)
   Service and non-market performance conditions are not taken into account when determining the grant date
   fair value of awards, but the likelihood of the conditions being met is assessed as part of the Group’s best
   estimate of the number of equity instruments that will ultimately vest. Market performance conditions are
   reflected within the grant date fair value. Any other conditions attached to an award, but without an
   associated service requirement, are considered to be non-vesting conditions. Non-vesting conditions are
   reflected in the fair value of an award and lead to an immediate expensing of an award unless there are also
   service and/or performance conditions.

   For awards that do not ultimately vest because non-market performance and/or service conditions have not
   been met, no expense is recognised. Where awards include a market or non-vesting condition, the
   transactions are treated as vesting irrespective of whether the market or non-vesting condition is satisfied,
   provided that all other performance and/or service conditions are satisfied.

   Where the terms of an equity-settled award are modified, as a minimum an expense is recognised as if the
   terms had not been modified, if the original terms of the award are met. In addition, an expense is recognised
   for any modification that increases the total fair value of the share-based payments, or is otherwise beneficial
   to the employee as measured at the date of modification. Where an equity-settled award is cancelled, it is
   treated as if it had vested on the date of cancellation, and any expense not yet recognised for the award is
   recognised immediately. This includes any award where non-vesting conditions within the control of either
   the Group or the employee are not met. However, if a new award is substituted for the cancelled award, and
   is designated as a replacement award on the date that it is granted, the cancelled and new awards are
   treated as if they were a modification of the original award, as described in the previous paragraph.

   The dilutive effect of outstanding options is reflected as additional share dilution in the computation of
   earnings per share.

   Other employee benefits
   Pension scheme
   The Group operates a defined contribution Mandatory Provident Fund retirement benefit scheme (the “MPF
   Scheme”) under the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance for its employees in Hong Kong.
   Contributions are made based on a percentage of the employees’ basic salaries and are charged to profit or
   loss as they become payable in accordance with the rules of the MPF Scheme. The assets of the MPF
   Scheme are held separately from those of the Group in an independently administered fund. The Group’s
   employer contributions vest fully with the employees when contributed into the MPF Scheme.

   The employees of the Group’s subsidiaries which operate in Mainland China are required to participate in a
   central pension scheme operated by the local municipal government. These subsidiaries are required to
   contribute certain percentage of its payroll costs to the central pension scheme. The contributions are
   charged to profit or loss as they become payable in accordance with the rules of the central pension scheme.




                                                                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 89
    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    31 December 2023



    2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

         Borrowing costs
         Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets, i.e.,
         assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale, are
         capitalised as part of the cost of those assets. The capitalisation of such borrowing costs ceases when the
         assets are substantially ready for their intended use or sale. All other borrowing costs are expensed in the
         period in which they are incurred. Borrowing costs consist of interest and other costs that an entity incurs in
         connection with the borrowing of funds.

         Dividends
         Final dividends are recognised as a liability when they are approved by the shareholders in a general
         meeting. Proposed final dividends are disclosed in the notes to the financial statements. Interim dividends
         are simultaneously proposed and declared, because the Company’s memorandum and articles of association
         grant the directors the authority to declare interim dividends. Consequently, interim dividends are recognised
         immediately as a liability when they are proposed and declared.

         Foreign currencies
         These financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollars (“HK$”), which is the Company’s functional
         currency. Each entity in the Group determines its own functional currency and items included in the financial
         statements of each entity are measured using that functional currency. Foreign currency transactions
         recorded by the entities in the Group are initially recorded using their respective functional currency rates
         prevailing at the dates of the transactions. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies
         are translated at the functional currency rates of exchange ruling at the end of the reporting period.
         Differences arising on settlement or translation of monetary items are recognised in profit or loss.

         Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using
         the exchange rates at the dates of the initial transactions. Non-monetary items measured at fair value in a
         foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates at the date when the fair value was measured. The
         gain or loss arising on translation of a non-monetary item measured at fair value is treated in line with the
         recognition of the gain or loss on change in fair value of the item (i.e., translation difference on the item
         whose fair value gain or loss is recognised in other comprehensive income or profit or loss is also recognised
         in other comprehensive income or profit or loss, respectively).

         In determining the exchange rate on initial recognition of the related asset, expense or income on the
         derecognition of a non-monetary asset or non-monetary liability relating to an advance consideration, the
         date of initial transaction is the date on which the Group initially recognises the non-monetary asset or non-
         monetary liability arising from the advance consideration. If there are multiple payments or receipts in
         advance, the Group determines the transaction date for each payment or receipt of the advance
         consideration.

         The functional currencies of certain overseas subsidiaries are currencies other than the HK$. As at the end of
         the reporting period, the assets and liabilities of these entities are translated into HK$ at the exchange rates
         prevailing at the end of the reporting period and their statements of profit or loss are translated into HK$ at
         the exchange rates that approximate to those prevailing at the dates of the transactions.




90 Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2023
               NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     31 December 2023



2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     Foreign currencies (Continued)
     The resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the
     exchange fluctuation reserve, except to the extent that the differences are attributable to non-controlling
     interests. On disposal of a foreign operation, the cumulative amount in the reserve relating to that particular
     foreign operation is recognised in profit or loss.

     Any goodwill arising on the acquisition of a foreign operation and any fair value adjustments to the carrying
     amounts of assets and liabilities arising on acquisition are treated as assets and liabilities of the foreign
     operation and translated at the closing rate.

     For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, the cash flows of overseas subsidiaries are
     translated into Hong Kong dollars at the exchange rates ruling at the dates of the cash flows. Frequently
     recurring cash flows of overseas subsidiaries which arise throughout the year are translated into Hong Kong
     dollars at the weighted average exchange rates for the year.



3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES

     The preparation of the Group’s financial statements requires management to make judgements, estimates
     and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities, and their
     accompanying disclosures, and the disclosure of contingent liabilities. Uncertainty about these assumptions
     and estimates could result in outcomes that could require a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of
     the assets or liabilities affected in the future.

     Estimation uncertainty
     The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the
     reporting period, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of
     assets and liabilities within the next financial year, are described below.

     Impairment of goodwill
     The Group determines whether goodwill is impaired at least on an annual basis. This requires an estimation
     of the value in use of the cash-generating units to which the goodwill is allocated. Estimating the value in use
     requires the Group to make an estimate of the expected future cash flows from the cash-generating units
     and to choose a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value of those cash flows. The
     carrying amount of goodwill at 31 December 2023 was HK$1,170,392,000 (2022: HK$1,184,396,000). Further
     details are given in note 16 to the financial statements.

     Provision for expected credit losses on trade receivables
     The Group uses a provision matrix to calculate ECLs for trade receivables. The provision rates are based on
     days past due for groupings of various customer segments that have similar loss patterns (i.e., by geography,
     product type, customer type and rating, and coverage by letters of credit and other forms of credit
     insurance).




                                                                  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 91
    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    31 December 2023



    3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (Continued)

         Estimation uncertainty (Continued)
         Provision for expected credit losses on trade receivables (Continued)
         The provision matrix is initially based on the Group’s historical observed default rates. The Group will calibrate
         the matrix to adjust the historical credit loss experience with forward-looking information. For instance, if
         forecast economic conditions (i.e., gross domestic product) are expected to deteriorate over the next year
         which can lead to an increased number of defaults in the manufacturing sector, the historical default rates
         are adjusted. At each reporting date, the historical observed default rates are updated and changes in the
         forward-looking estimates are analysed.

         The assessment of the correlation among historical observed default rates, forecast economic conditions
         and ECLs is a significant estimate. The amount of ECLs is sensitive to changes in circumstances and forecast
         economic conditions. The Group’s historical credit loss experience and forecast of economic conditions may
         also not be representative of a customer’s actual default in the future. The information about the ECLs on the
         Group’s trade receivables is disclosed in note 20 to the financial statements.

         Leases — Estimating the incremental borrowing rate
         The Group cannot readily determine the interest rate implicit in a lease, and therefore, it uses an incremental
         borrowing rate (“IBR”) to measure lease liabilities. The IBR is the rate of interest that the Group would have to
         pay to borrow over a similar term, and with a similar security, the funds necessary to obtain an asset of a
         similar value to the right-of-use asset in a similar economic environment. The IBR therefore reflects what the
         Group “would have to pay”, which requires estimation when no observable rates are available (such as for
         subsidiaries that do not enter into financing transactions) or when it needs to be adjusted to reflect the terms
         and conditions of the lease (for example, when leases are not in the subsidiary’s functional currency). The
         Group estimates the IBR using observable inputs (such as market interest rates) when available and is
         required to make certain entity-specific estimates (such as the subsidiary’s stand-alone credit rating).

         Fair value of unlisted equity investments
         The unlisted equity investments have been valued based on a discounted cash flow method as detailed in
         note 37 to the financial statements. The valuation requires the Group to determine the expected future cash
         flows using rates currently available for instruments with similar terms, credit risk and remaining maturities.
         The Group classifies the fair value of these investments as Level 3. The fair value of the unlisted equity
         investments at 31 December 2023 was HK$62,266,000 (2022 HK$58,669,000). Further details are included
         in note 22 to the financial statements.

         Fair value of call options
         The call options have been valued based on a discounted cash flow method as detailed in note 37 to the
         financial statements. The valuation requires the Group to determine the expected future cash flows using
         rates currently available for instruments with similar terms, credit risk and remaining maturities. The Group
         classifies the fair value of these investments as Level 3. The fair value of the call options at 31 December
         2023 was HK$137,014,000. (2022: HK$134,812,000). Further details are included in note 22 to the financial
         statements.




92 Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2023
               NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                       31 December 2023



3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (Continued)

     Estimation uncertainty (Continued)
     Impairment of non-financial assets (other than goodwill)
     The Group assesses whether there are any indicators of impairment for all non-financial assets at the end of
     each reporting period. Indefinite life intangible assets are tested for impairment annually and at other times
     when such an indicator exists. Other non-financial assets are tested for impairment when there are indicators
     that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable. An impairment exists when the carrying value of an asset
     or a cash-generating unit exceeds its recoverable amount, which is the higher of its fair value less costs of
     disposal and its value in use. The calculation of the fair value less costs of disposal is based on available data
     from binding sales transactions in an arm’s length transaction of similar assets or observable market prices
     less incremental costs for disposing of the asset. When value-in-use calculations are undertaken,
     management must estimate the expected future cash flows from the asset or cash-generating unit and
     choose a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value of those cash flows.

     Deferred tax assets
     Deferred tax assets are recognised for unused tax losses to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit
     will be available against which the losses can be utilised. Significant management judgement is required to
     determine the amount of deferred tax assets that can be recognised, based upon the likely timing and level
     of future taxable profits together with future tax planning strategies. The carrying value of deferred tax
     assets relating to recognised tax losses at 31 December 2023 was HK$31,362,000 (2022: HK$54,237,000).
     Further details are contained in note 28 to the financial statements.

     Useful lives of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets
     The Group determines the estimated useful lives and related depreciation/amortisation charges for its
     property, plant and equipment and intangible assets. This estimate is based on the historical experience of
     the actual useful lives of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets of similar nature and functions.
     It could change significantly as a result of technical innovations, or competitor actions in response to severe
     industry cycles. Management will increase the depreciation/amortisation charge where useful lives are less
     than previously estimated lives, or it will write off or write down technically obsolete or non-strategic assets
     that have been abandoned or sold.

     Development costs
     Development costs are capitalised in accordance with the accounting policy for research and development
     costs as disclosed in note 3 to the financial statements. Determining the amounts to be capitalised requires
     management to make assumptions regarding the expected future cash generation of the assets, discount
     rates to be applied and the expected period of benefits. At 31 December 2023, the best estimate of the
     carrying amount of capitalised development costs was HK$169,486,000 (2022: HK$169,327,000). Further
     details are disclosed in note 17 to the financial statements.




                                                                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 93
    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    31 December 2023



    3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (Continued)

         Estimation uncertainty (Continued)
         Estimation of fair value of investment properties
         In the absence of current prices in an active market for similar properties, the Group considers information
         from a variety of sources, including:

         (a)   current prices in an active market for properties of a different nature, condition or location, adjusted to
               reflect those differences;

         (b)   recent prices of similar properties on less active markets, with adjustments to reflect any changes in
               economic conditions since the dates of the transactions that occurred at those prices; and discounted
               cash flow projections based on reliable estimates of future cash flows, supported by the terms of any
               existing lease and other contracts and (when possible) by external evidence such as current market
               rents for similar properties in the same location and condition, and using discount rates that reflect
               current market assessments of the uncertainty in the amount and timing of the cash flows.

         The carrying amount of investment properties at 31 December 2023 was HK$70,234,000 (2022:
         HK$66,446,000). Further details, including the key assumptions used for fair value measurement and a
         sensitivity analysis, are given in note 14 to the financial statements.



    4.   OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION

         For management purposes, the Group had only one reportable operating segment, which was offering SaaS
         to help content owners protect their content from unauthorised use, measure the viewership of their content,
         and monetize their content during the year. Since this is the only reportable operating segment of the Group,
         no further operating segment analysis thereof is presented.

         Geographical information
         (a) Revenue from external customers

                                                                                               2023              2022
                                                                                            HK$’000            HK$’000


                 Mainland China                                                            1,002,314           697,592
                 United States                                                               982,777           740,031
                 Other countries/regions                                                      15,898             5,047


                 Total revenue                                                            2,000,989          1,442,670


               The revenue information above is based on the locations of the customers.




94 Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2023
              NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                 31 December 2023



4.   OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

     Geographical information (Continued)
     (b) Non-current assets

                                                                                       2023            2022
                                                                                    HK$’000          HK$’000


            Mainland China                                                         1,137,390        1,059,136
            United States                                                            618,163          625,977
            Other countries/regions                                                    9,098           24,023


            Total non-current assets                                               1,764,651        1,709,136


          The non-current asset information of continuing operations above is based on the locations of the
          assets and excludes financial instruments and deferred tax assets.

     Information about major customers
     Revenue derived from sales to major customers, including sales to a group of entities which are known to be
     under common control with those customers, which accounted for 10% or more of the Group’s revenue for
     the year ended 31 December 2023 is as follows:

                                                                                       2023            2022
                                                                                    HK$’000          HK$’000


      Customer A                                                                     356,129         302,302




                                                                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 95
    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    31 December 2023



    5.   REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS

         Revenue represents the value of services rendered during the year.

         An analysis of revenue, other income and gains is as follows:

                                                                                           2023            2022
                                                                                        HK$’000          HK$’000


           Revenue from contracts with customers
           Rendering of services                                                       2,000,989        1,442,670


         Revenue from contracts with customers
         (i)   Disaggregated revenue information

                                                                                           2023            2022
                                                                                        HK$’000          HK$’000


                 Types of services
                 Subscription services                                                   868,458         549,005
                 Value-added services                                                   1,132,531        893,665


                 Total                                                                 2,000,989        1,442,670


                 Timing of revenue recognition
                 Services transferred at a point in time                                  33,288           22,642
                 Services transferred over time                                        1,967,701        1,420,028


                 Total                                                                 2,000,989        1,442,670


               The following table shows the amounts of revenue recognised in the current reporting period that were
               included in the contract liabilities at the beginning of the reporting period and recognised from
               performance obligations satisfied in previous periods:

                                                                                           2023            2022
                                                                                        HK$’000          HK$’000


                 Revenue recognised that was included in contract liabilities at the
                   beginning of the reporting period:
                   Rendering of services                                                    4,712           2,409




96 Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2023
                NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   31 December 2023



5.   REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS (Continued)

     Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)
     (ii)   Performance obligations
            Information about the Group’s performance obligations is summarised below:

            Rendering of services
            The performance obligation is satisfied over time as services are rendered and advance payments are
            sometimes received for certain services. For SaaS services, payment is generally due within 30 days to
            180 days.

            The amounts of transaction prices allocated to the remaining performance obligations (unsatisfied or
            partially unsatisfied) as at 31 December are as follows:

                                                                                         2023            2022
                                                                                      HK$’000          HK$’000


             Within one year                                                              3,710            4,712


                                                                                         2023            2022
                                                                                      HK$’000          HK$’000


             Other income and gains
             Changes in fair value of investment properties                               3,468           6,962
             Changes in fair value of financial assets at FVTPL                           7,006          17,039
             Bank interest income                                                         4,434           4,549
             Foreign exchange gains                                                       5,875           8,347
             Government grants                                                           18,927          13,991
             Others                                                                         193           2,603


             Total other income and gains                                                39,903          53,491




                                                                  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 97
    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
    31 December 2023



    6.   PROFIT BEFORE TAX

         The Group’s profit before tax is arrived at after charging/(crediting) :

                                                                                                                    2023                  2022
                                                                                                                 HK$’000                HK$’000


             Cost of services provided                                                                          1,150,832               851,958

             Employee benefit expense (excluding directors’and chief executive’s
              remuneration (note 8)):
              Wages and salaries                                                                                  185,979               176,343
              Equity-settled share compensation expense                                                            35,565                44,425
              Other benefits                                                                                       17,955                22,080
              Pension scheme contributions*                                                                         6,929                 5,230


             Total                                                                                               246,428                248,078


             Depreciation of items of property, plant and equipment (note 13)                                       9,489                  6,523
             Depreciation of right-of-use assets (note 15(a))                                                      11,898                 11,887
             Amortisation of other intangible assets (note 17)                                                    114,363                 67,812
             Lease payments not included in the measurement of lease liabilities
               (note 15(c))                                                                                         4,229                  3,918
             Impairment of trade receivables, net (note 20)                                                        10,866                    684
             Research and development expenses                                                                    231,533                133,129
             Auditor’s remuneration                                                                                 4,600                  4,530
             Bank interest income (note 5)                                                                         (4,434)                (4,549)
             Changes in fair value of investment properties (note 14)                                              (3,468)                (6,962)
             Changes in fair value of financial assets at FVTPL                                                    (7,006)               (17,039)
             Foreign exchange differences, net                                                                      2,777                   (586)


         *      There are no forfeited contributions that may be used by the Group as the employer to reduce the existing level of contributions.




98 Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2023
               NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    31 December 2023



7.   FINANCE COSTS

     An analysis of finance costs is as follows:

                                                                                          2023             2022
                                                                                       HK$’000           HK$’000


       Interest on other borrowings (including convertible bonds)                        91,476            91,911
       Interest on lease liabilities                                                        776              861


       Total                                                                             92,252           92,772



8.   DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION

     Directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration for the year, disclosed pursuant to the Listing Rules, section
     383(1)(a), (b), (c) and (f) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and Part 2 of the Companies (Disclosure of
     Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation, is as follows:

                                                                                          2023             2022
                                                                                       HK$’000           HK$’000


       Fees                                                                               3,122             2,787


       Other emoluments:
         Salaries, allowances, and benefits in kind                                       4,295             8,935
         Equity-settled share compensation expense                                        6,335             8,129
         Performance-based bonus                                                             —                 —
         Pension scheme contributions                                                        —                 —


       Subtotal                                                                          10,630            17,064


       Total                                                                             13,752            19,851


     During the year, certain directors were granted share options, in respect of their services to the Group, under
     the share option scheme of the then ultimate holding company, further details of which are set out in note 30
     to the financial statements. The fair value of such options, which has been recognised in profit or loss over
     the vesting period, was determined as at the date of grant and the amount included in the financial
     statements for the current year is included in the above directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration
     disclosures.




                                                                    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 99
     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2023



     8.   DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION (Continued)

          (a) Independent non-executive directors
                The fees paid to independent non-executive directors during the year were as follows:

                                                                                                                2023             2022
                                                                                                             HK$’000           HK$’000


                    Mr. Alfred Tsai Chu                                                                            371            312
                    Mr. Charles Eric Eesley                                                                        371            312
                    Mr. KWAN Ngai Kit                                                                              390            390
                    Mr. Chan King Man Kevin*                                                                         —            214


                    Total                                                                                         1,132          1,228


                *       Mr. Chan King Man Kevin retired as the Company’s independent non-executive director on 30 June 2022.


                There were no other emoluments payable to the independent non-executive directors during the year
                (2022: Nil).




100 Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2023
                NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                        31 December 2023



8.   DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION (Continued)

     (b) Executive directors, non-executive directors, and the chief executive
                                                                Salaries,     Equity-
                                                             allowances settled share                                Pension
                                                            and benefits compensation Performance-                   scheme
                                                      Fees        in kind    expense based bonus                 contribution     Total
                                                    HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000                   HK$’000    HK$’000


             2023

             Executive directors:
               — Mr. Yangbin Bernard Wang*                —           4,295            5,720             —                 —     10,015
               — Mr. Wong Wai Kwan**                   1,093             —               205             —                 —      1,298


             Subtotal                                  1,093          4,295            5,925             —                 —     11,313

             Non-executive directors:
               — Mr. J David Wargo                       312              —              205             —                 —       517
               — Mr. Chan Ching Yan Daniel               312              —              205             —                 —       517
               — Mr. Tang Yi Hoi Hermes***               273              —               —              —                 —       273


             Subtotal                                    897              —              410             —                 —      1,307

             Total                                     1,990          4,295            6,335             —                 —     12,620


             2022

             Executive directors:
               — Mr. Yangbin Bernard Wang*                —           4,288            6,606             —                 —     10,894
               — Mr. Matsuzawa Masaaki****                —           4,647              807             —                 —      5,454


             Subtotal                                     —           8,935            7,413             —                 —     16,348

             Non-executive directors:
               — Mr. J David Wargo                       312              —              358             —                 —       670
               — Mr. Wong Wai Kwan                     1,091              —              358             —                 —      1449
               — Mr. Chan Ching Yan Daniel               156              —               —              —                 —       156


             Subtotal                                  1,559              —              716             —                 —      2,275

             Total                                     1,559          8,935            8,129             —                 —     18,623


        *        Mr. Yangbin Bernard Wang is also the chief executive officer of the Company.


        **       Mr. Wong Wai Kwan was re-designated as the Company’s executive director on 30 June 2023.


        ***      Mr. Tang Yi Hoi Hermes was appointed as the Company’s non-executive director on 18 July 2023.


        ****     Mr. Matsuzawa Masaaki retired as the Company’s executive director on 30 June 2023.


                                                                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 101
     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2023



     8.   DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION (Continued)

          (b) Executive directors, non-executive directors, and the chief executive (Continued)
                There was no arrangement under which a director waived or agreed to waive any remuneration during
                the year.

                During the year, no emoluments were paid by the Group to any of the persons who are directors of the
                Company, or the five highest paid individuals as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as
                compensation for loss of office.



     9.   FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES

          The five highest paid employees during the year included one director (2022: two), details of whose
          remuneration are set out in note 8(b) above. Details of the remuneration for the year of the remaining four
          (2022: three) highest paid employees who are neither a director nor chief executive of the Group are as
          follows:

                                                                                             2023             2022
                                                                                          HK$’000           HK$’000


            Salaries, allowances, and benefits in kind                                        7,184            5,183
            Performance-based bonus                                                            980             1,337
            Pension scheme contributions                                                        210              214


            Total                                                                            8,374             6,734


          The number of non-director and non-chief executive highest paid employees whose remuneration fell within
          the following bands is as follows:

                                                                                          Number of employees
                                                                                              2023             2022


            HK$1,000,001 to HK$1,500,000                                                          —               —
            HK$1,500,001 to HK$2,500,000                                                          4               3
            HK$2,500,001 to HK$3,000,000                                                          —               —


            Total                                                                                 4                3


          During the prior years, share options were granted to a non-director and non-chief executive highest paid
          employee in respect of the services to the Group, further details of which are included in the disclosures in
          note 30 to the financial statements. The fair value of such options, which has been recognised in profit or
          loss over the vesting period, was determined as at the date of grant and the amount included in the financial
          statements for the current year is included in the above non-director and non-chief executive highest paid
          employees’ remuneration disclosures.



102 Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2023
             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                 31 December 2023



10. INCOME TAX EXPENSE

   Income tax represents primarily United States, Mainland China, Hong Kong and Japan enterprise income tax
   charged on the Group. United States income tax applicable to the Group is charged at the federal tax rate of
   21% (2022: 21%) for the year ended 31 December 2023. The income tax applicable to profits arising in Hong
   Kong was provided at a statutory tax rate of 16.5% (2022: 16.5%) during the year ended 31 December 2023.
   The income tax applicable to profits arising in Mainland China was provided at a statutory tax rate of 25%
   during the year ended 31 December 2023 except for certain subsidiaries of the Group in Mainland China, that
   were accredited as “High and New Technology Enterprises” and entitled to a preferential rate is 15% in 2023
   to 2025 and 2022 to 2024, respectively. Taxes on profits assessable elsewhere have been calculated at the
   rates of tax prevailing in the jurisdictions in which the Group operates.

   The major components of income tax expense for the year are as follows:

                                                                                       2023             2022
                                                                                    HK$’000           HK$’000

     Current — United States
      Charge for the year                                                              3,352             1,607
     Current — Mainland China
      Charge for the year                                                             33,885           40,237
     Current — Japan
      Charge for the year                                                                 10                10
     Deferred tax expense/(credit) (note 28)                                          10,104            (7,415)

     Total tax expense for the year                                                   47,351           34,439


   A reconciliation of the U.S. federal statutory income tax rate of 21.0% (2022: 21.0%) to the Group’s effective
   tax rate is as follows:

                                                                                       2023             2022
                                                                                    HK$’000           HK$’000

     Profit before tax                                                                 47,141          92,542


     Tax at the U.S. federal statutory income tax rate                                 9,900            19,434
     U.S. state income taxes, net of federal benefit                                   7,420             2,588
     Different tax rates for other jurisdictions                                      16,651            19,866
     Expenses not deductible for tax                                                    1,318              360
     Income not subject to tax                                                             —            (3,092)
     Additional deductible allowance for research
       and development costs                                                         (32,849)          (15,467)
     Others                                                                           44,911            10,750

     Tax expense at the Group’s effective tax rate                                    47,351           34,439



11. DIVIDENDS

   The board does not recommend the payment of any dividend for the year ended 31 December 2023 (2022:
   Nil).

                                                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 103
     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2023



     12. (LOSS)/EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO OWNERS OF THE COMPANY

          The calculation of the basic (loss)/earnings per share amounts is based on the (loss)/profit for the year
          attributable to ordinary equity holders of the Company, and the weighted average number of ordinary shares
          of 2,222,839,130 (2022: 2,117,596,656) in issue during the year, as adjusted to reflect the issue of shares
          and exercise of share options during the year.

          No adjustment has been made to the basic (loss)/earnings per share amounts presented for the years ended
          31 December 2023 in respect of a dilution as the impact of the share option scheme and convertible bonds
          outstanding had an anti-dilutive effect on the basic (loss)/earnings per share amounts presented.

          The calculation of the diluted (loss)/earnings per share amounts for the year ended 31 December 2022 is
          based on the profit for the year attributable to owners of the Company, adjusted to reflect the interest on the
          convertible bonds. The weighted average number of ordinary shares used in the calculation is the number of
          ordinary shares in issue during the year, as used in the basic (loss)/earnings per share calculation, and the
          weighted average number of ordinary shares assumed to have been issued at no consideration on the
          deemed exercise or conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares into ordinary shares.

          The calculations of earnings per share attributable to ordinary equity holders of the Company for each of the
          years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022 are based on the following data:

                                                                                                                 2023                      2022
                                                                                                              HK$’000                    HK$’000


              (Loss)/profit
              (Loss)/profit attributable to owners of the Company,
                used in the basic (loss)/earnings per share calculations                                         (7,818)                   42,002
              Interest on convertible bonds                                                                     10,644                      3,923


              Profit attributable to owners of the Company before interest on
                convertible bonds                                                                                 2,826*                   45,925


              Shares
              Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during
               the year used in the basic (loss)/earnings per share calculation                       2,222,839,130               2,117,596,656

              Effect of dilution — Weighted average number of ordinary shares:
                Share options                                                                            192,399,671                199,359,341
                Convertible bonds                                                                         21,992,481                 21,992,481


              Weighted average number of ordinary share options for
               the purpose of diluted (loss)/earnings per share calculation                           2,437,231,282*             2,338,948,478


          *      Because the diluted loss per share amount is decreased when taking share options and convertible bonds into account, the share
                 options and convertible bonds had an anti-dilutive effect on the basic loss per share for the year and were ignored in the calculation
                 of diluted loss per share. Therefore, the diluted loss per share amounts are based on the loss for the year attributable to owners of
                 the Company of HK$7,818,000, and the weighted average number of ordinary shares of 2,222,839,130 in issue during the year.




104 Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2023
            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     31 December 2023



13. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                                             Furniture
                                   Computer     Leasehold          and      Motor                  Under
                                  equipment improvements      fixtures    vehicles Buildings Construction      Total
                                    HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000 HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000


    31 December 2023:

    At 1 January 2023:
      Cost                           40,797        14,421       5,539        3,177         —       17,697    81,631
      Accumulated depreciation      (23,315)       (6,234)     (3,541)      (1,401)        —           —    (34,491)


    Net carrying amount              17,482         8,187       1,998        1,776         —       17,697    47,140


    At 1 January 2023: net of
      accumulated depreciation      17,482          8,187       1,998        1,776         —       17,697    47,140
    Additions                       33,863             —          108           —          —           —     33,971
    Depreciation provided
      during the year                (6,603)       (1,840)       (434)       (487)       (125)         —     (9,489)
    Transfers                             —             —           —          —      10,400     (10,400)        —
    Exchange realignment               (123)         (214)        (171)       (22)        (67)      (194)      (791)


    At 31 December 2023, net of
      accumulated depreciation       44,619         6,133       1,501        1,267    10,208        7,103    70,831


    At 31 December 2023:
      Cost                           74,536         13,177      4,819        3,153    10,333        7,103    113,121
      Accumulated depreciation      (29,917)       (7,044)     (3,318)      (1,886)     (125)           —   (42,290)


    Net carrying amount              44,619         6,133       1,501        1,267    10,208        7,103    70,831




                                                                 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 105
     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2023



     13. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)

                                                                       Furniture
                                           Computer       Leasehold         and      Motor           Under
                                          equipment    improvements     fixtures   vehicles    Construction         Total
                                            HK$’000         HK$’000    HK$’000     HK$’000          HK$’000      HK$’000


            31 December 2022:

            At 1 January 2022:
              Cost                            8,379           3,973       3,097      1,852           23,113       40,414
              Accumulated depreciation       (7,782)         (3,973)     (1,559)      (910)              —       (14,224)


            Net carrying amount                597               —        1,538        942           23,113       26,190


            At 1 January 2022: net of
              accumulated depreciation          597             —         1,538        942           23,113       26,190
            Additions                         2,698             —           586      1,326            4,901        9,511
            Acquisition of subsidiaries      18,823            548        1,184         —                —        20,555
            Disposals                            —              —          (605)        —                —          (605)
            Depreciation provided
              during the year                (3,992)         (1,536)       (503)      (492)               —       (6,523)
            Transfers                            —            9,200          —          —            (9,200)          —
            Exchange realignment               (644)            (25)       (202)        —             (1,117)     (1,988)


            At 31 December 2022,
              net of accumulated
              depreciation                   17,482           8,187       1,998      1,776           17,697       47,140


            At 31 December 2022:
              Cost                           40,797          14,421       5,539       3,177          17,697       81,631
              Accumulated depreciation      (23,315)         (6,234)     (3,541)     (1,401)             —       (34,491)


            Net carrying amount              17,482           8,187       1,998      1,776           17,697       47,140



     14. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES

                                                                                                 2023             2022
                                                                                              HK$’000           HK$’000


            Carrying amount at 1 January                                                       66,446            45,328
            Additions                                                                            1,778           17,466
            Net gain from a fair value adjustment                                                3,468             6,962
            Exchange realignment                                                                (1,458)           (3,310)


            Carrying amount at 31 December                                                     70,234            66,446


106 Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2023
             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                  31 December 2023



14. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)

   The Group acquired investment properties under construction amounting to HK$64,125,000 which will be
   held to earn rentals and for capital appreciation after completion, are measured using the fair value model,
   and are classified and accounted for as investment properties. The fair value as at 31 December 2023
   assessed by independent professional property valuers amounted to HK$70,234,000. In determining the fair
   value of the relevant investment properties, the Group engages independent professional property valuers to
   perform the valuation. Management works closely with the independent professional property valuers to
   establish the appropriate valuation techniques and inputs to the model. Selection criteria include market
   knowledge, reputation, independence and whether professional standards are maintained. Management
   reports the valuation report and findings to the board of directors of the Group annually to explain the cause
   of fluctuations in the fair value of the investment properties.

   Fair value hierarchy
   The following table illustrates the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s investment properties:

                                                 Fair value measurement as at 31 December 2023 using
                                                   Quoted
                                                  prices in      Significant      Significant
                                                    active       observable     unobservable
                                                  markets            inputs           inputs
                                                  (Level 1)        (Level 2)        (Level 3)           Total
                                                  HK$’000          HK$’000          HK$’000          HK$’000


     Recurring fair value measurement for:
       Commercial properties                              —                —          70,234           70,234


                                                  Fair value measurement as at 31 December 2022 using
                                                    Quoted
                                                   prices in      Significant     Significant
                                                      active      observable    unobservable
                                                  markets             inputs          inputs
                                                   (Level 1)        (Level 2)       (Level 3)           Total
                                                   HK$’000          HK$’000         HK$’000           HK$’000


     Recurring fair value measurement for:
       Commercial properties                              —                —           66,446           66,446


   During the year, there were no transfers of fair value measurements between Level 1 and Level 2 and no
   transfers into or out of Level 3.




                                                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 107
     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2023



     14. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)

          Reconciliation of fair value measurements categorised within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy:

                                                                                                          Commercial
                                                                                                           properties
                                                                                                             HK$’000


            Carrying amount at 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022                                              45,328
            Additions                                                                                           17,466
            Net gain from a fair value adjustment recognised in other income and
              gains in profit or loss                                                                            6,962
            Exchange realignment                                                                                (3,310)


            Carrying amount at 31 December 2022 and 1 January 2023                                              66,446
            Additions                                                                                            1,778
            Net gain from a fair value adjustment recognised in other income and
              gains in profit or loss                                                                           3,468
            Exchange realignment                                                                                (1,458)


            Carrying amount at 31 December 2023                                                                 70,234


          As at 31 December 2023, the investment properties at fair value of HK$70,234,000 held by the Group were
          located in Hangzhou, China, which were held to earn rentals and for capital appreciation and the Group has
          the ownership certificate.

          The Group measured investment properties using the market approach cause the investment properties
          were held to earn rentals and for capital appreciation and below is a summary of the valuation techniques
          used and the key inputs to the valuation of investment properties:

                                                                                                              Range or
                                             Valuation              Significant                               weighted
                                             techniques             unobservable inputs                        average


            Commercial properties     2023   Direct comparison      Market unit sale rate            17,879 to 20,297
                                                                     RMB/square metre (“sq.m.”)
            Commercial properties     2022   Direct comparison      Market unit sale rate             12,917 to 20,400
                                                                     RMB/square metre (“sq.m.”)




108 Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2023
             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                  31 December 2023



15. LEASES

   The Group as a lessee
   The Group has lease contracts for office rental used in its operations. Leases of offices generally have lease
   terms between 2 and 6 years. Generally, the Group is restricted from assigning and subleasing the leased
   assets outside the Group.

   (a) Right-of-use assets
        The carrying amounts of the Group’s right-of-use assets and the movements during the year are as
        follows:

                                                                                       2023             2022
                                                                                     Offices           Offices
                                                                                    HK$’000           HK$’000


          As at 1 January                                                              20,129           23,239
          Additions                                                                     4,998             5,429
          Additions as a result of acquisition of subsidiaries                             —              4,952
          Disposals                                                                        —             (1,378)
          Depreciation charge                                                         (11,898)          (11,887)
          Exchange realignment                                                           (215)             (226)


          As at 31 December                                                           13,014            20,129


   (b) Lease liabilities
        The carrying amount of lease liabilities and the movements during the year are as follows:

                                                                                         2023             2022
                                                                                        Lease            Lease
                                                                                    liabilities       liabilities
                                                                                    HK$’000           HK$’000


          Carrying amount at 1 January                                                 21,191           24,263
          New leases                                                                   4,998              5,429
          Additions as a result of acquisition of subsidiaries                             —              4,059
          Disposals                                                                        —             (1,523)
          Accretion of interest recognised during the year                               776                861
          Payments                                                                   (12,986)           (11,936)
          Exchange realignment                                                          (438)                38


          Carrying amount at 31 December                                              13,541             21,191


          Analysed into:
           Current portion                                                             8,398            11,496
           Non-current portion                                                         5,143             9,695



                                                                 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 109
     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2023



     15. LEASES (Continued)

          The Group as a lessee (Continued)
          (b) Lease liabilities (Continued)
                 The maturity analysis of lease liabilities is disclosed in note 37 to the financial statements.

                 The Group has applied the practical expedient to all eligible rent concessions granted by the lessors for
                 leases of certain plant and equipment during the year.

          (c) The amounts recognised in profit or loss in relation to leases are as follows:

                                                                                                    2023             2022
                                                                                                 HK$’000           HK$’000


                   Nominal interest on lease liabilities                                              776                861
                   Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets                                      11,898             11,887
                   Expense relating to short-term leases (included in
                     administrative expenses)                                                       4,229             3,918


                   Total amount recognised in profit or loss                                       16,903            16,666


          (d) The total cash outflow for leases is disclosed in note 33(c) to the financial statements.


     16. GOODWILL

                                                                                                    2023             2022
                                                                                                 HK$’000           HK$’000


              As at 1 January                                                                  1,184,396            607,297
              Acquisition of a subsidiary                                                              —            569,950
              Exchange realignment                                                               (14,004)             7,149


              As at 31 December                                                                 1,170,392          1,184,396


          Impairment testing of goodwill
          Goodwill acquired through business combinations is allocated to the following cash-generating units for
          impairment testing:

          •      Content Monetization cash-generating unit (“CM CGU”);

          •      Content Protection cash-generating unit (“CP CGU”); and

          •      Particle Technology cash-generating unit (“Particle Technology CGU”).




110 Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2023
             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     31 December 2023



16. GOODWILL (Continued)

   Impairment testing of goodwill (Continued)
   The carrying amount of goodwill allocated to each of the cash-generating units is as follows:

                                                                       Particle Technology
                              CM CGU                CP CGU                     CGU                    Total
                            2023       2022       2023         2022       2023       2022         2023          2022
                         HK$’000     HK$’000   HK$’000       HK$’000   HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000        HK$’000


     Carrying amount
       of goodwill       555,195     555,169     52,960       52,957   562,237      576,270    1,170,392   1,184,396


   Content Monetization cash-generating unit
   The Group acquired the business from ZEFR, Inc. on 16 November 2019. The acquisition brought in
   technology complementary, expanded monetization, as well as enhanced sales proposition for the Group.
   The acquired business and the original Transaction-based SaaS Business share similar customer base.
   Management has restructured the businesses after the acquisition. The acquired business shares the
   operating, server, administration and research and development resources with the original transaction-
   based business’s team and as a result, the Transaction-based SaaS Business CGU is enlarged with the
   acquired business. After the restructuring, businesses within this CGU share similar technologies and are
   able to provide diversified monetization service offerings. Accordingly, the Group considered the acquired
   business as an integral part of the Content Monetization cash-generating unit in the impairment assessment
   of goodwill.

   The recoverable amount of the CGU has been determined based on a value-in-use calculation using five-
   year cash flow projections approved by senior management. An assessment was made at the end of the
   year.

   Key assumptions used in the calculation are as follows:

                                                                                             2023              2022


     Revenue (% compound growth rate)                                                          7%                7%
     Gross margin (% of revenue)                                                              38%               35%
     Terminal growth rate                                                                      2%                2%
     Pre-tax discount rate                                                                    19%               19%


   Revenue — the basis used to determine the budgeted revenue is based on the historical data and
   management’s expectation of the future market. The compound growth rate of revenue was estimated based
   on information available at the time of assessment, disregarding information that became available after the
   assessment. Such information includes the number of contracts signed and the progress of business under
   negotiation.




                                                                 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 111
     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2023



     16. GOODWILL (Continued)

          Impairment testing of goodwill (Continued)
          Content Monetization cash-generating unit (Continued)
          Gross margin — The basis used to determine the value assigned to the budgeted gross margin is the average
          gross margins achieved in the year immediately before the budget year for each product, increased for
          expected efficiency improvements, and expected market development.

          Terminal growth rate — The terminal growth rate is based on the historical data and management’s
          expectation on the future market.

          Pre-tax discount rate — The pre-tax discount rate used is determined using the capital asset pricing model
          with reference to the beta coefficient and debt ratio of certain publicly listed companies in the technology
          industry.

          If the pre-tax discount rate rose to 42% or the gross profit margin decreased to 25% (with other assumptions
          remaining unchanged), the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit would be decreased to the
          carrying amount of goodwill. Except for these, any reasonably possible changes in other key assumptions
          used in the value-in-use assessment model would not affect management’s view on impairment at 31
          December 2023.

          Based on the impairment assessment conducted by the Group utilising the above key assumptions, the
          recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit estimated from the cash flow forecast exceeded the
          carrying amount of goodwill and no impairment was considered necessary.

          The values assigned to the key assumptions on market development of related services and discount rates
          are consistent with external information sources.

          Content Protection cash-generating unit
          The Group acquired the business from IP-Echelon on 19 November 2018, to solidify its leadership position in
          content protection globally and strengthen its ability to provide comprehensive solutions against any
          emerging threats of content piracy online. The acquisition also enables the Group to implement its plan to
          proactively expand geographic coverage internationally. The acquired technology had been incorporated
          fully into the content protection business and those new contracts had incorporated the technology inside. In
          2021, the Group has consolidated all functions of the P2P and blockchain technology into one single product
          of content protection and started selling it in Mainland China and resulted in a significant growth of revenue.

          The recoverable amount of the CGU has been determined based on a value-in-use calculation using five-
          year cash flow projections approved by senior management. An assessment was made at the end of the
          year.




112 Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2023
             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                31 December 2023



16. GOODWILL (Continued)

   Impairment testing of goodwill (Continued)
   Content Protection cash-generating unit (Continued)
   Key assumptions used in the calculation are as follows:

                                                                                      2023              2022


     Revenue (% compound growth rate)                                                   4%                4%
     Gross margin (% of revenue)                                                       82%               74%
     Terminal growth rate                                                               2%                2%
     Pre-tax discount rate                                                             19%               19%


   Revenue — the basis used to determine the budgeted revenue is based on the historical data and
   management’s expectation of the future market. The compound growth rate of revenue was estimated based
   on information available at the time of assessment, disregarding information that became available after the
   assessment. Such information includes the number of contracts signed and the progress of business under
   negotiation.

   Gross margin — The basis used to determine the value assigned to the budgeted gross margin is the average
   gross margins achieved in the year immediately before the budget year for each product, increased for
   expected efficiency improvements, and expected market development.

   Terminal growth rate — The terminal growth rate is based on the historical data and management’s
   expectation on the future market.

   Pre-tax discount rate — The pre-tax discount rate used is determined using the capital asset pricing model
   with reference to the beta coefficient and debt ratio of certain publicly listed companies in the technology
   industry.

   If the pre-tax discount rate rose to 172% or the gross margin decreased to 28% (with other assumptions
   remaining unchanged), the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit would be decreased to the
   carrying amount of goodwill. Except for these, any reasonably possible changes in other key assumptions
   used in the value-in-use assessment model would not affect management’s view on impairment at 31
   December 2023.

   Based on the impairment assessment conducted by the Group utilising the above key assumptions, the
   recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit estimated from the cash flow forecast exceeded the
   carrying amount of goodwill and no impairment was considered necessary.

   The values assigned to the key assumptions on market development of related services and discount rates
   are consistent with external information sources.




                                                              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 113
     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2023



     16. GOODWILL (Continued)

          Impairment testing of goodwill (Continued)
          Particle Technology cash-generating unit
          The Group acquired a 61.18249% interest in the Particle Technology on 9 May 2022 to embrace market
          opportunities, further consolidate its position as the leader in online video content protection and
          monetization, and to further realise market potentials in China.

          The recoverable amount of the CGU has been determined based on a value-in-use calculation using seven-
          year cash flow projections estimated by the specialist. An assessment was made at the end of the year.

          Key assumptions used in the calculation are as follows:

                                                                                             2023             2022


            Revenue (% compound growth rate)                                                  17%              18%
            Gross margin (% of revenue)                                                       29%              27%
            Terminal growth rate                                                               2%               2%
            Pre-tax discount rate                                                             17%              17%

          Revenue — the basis used to determine the budgeted revenue is based on the historical data and
          management’s expectation of the future market. The compound growth rate of revenue was estimated based
          on information available at the time of assessment, disregarding information that became available after the
          assessment. Such information includes the number of contracts signed and the progress of business under
          negotiation.

          Gross margin — The basis used to determine the value assigned to the budgeted gross margin is the average
          gross margins achieved in the year immediately before the budget year for each product, increased for
          expected efficiency improvements, and expected market development.

          Terminal growth rate — The terminal growth rate is based on the historical data and management’s
          expectation on the future market.

          Pre-tax discount rate — The pre-tax discount rate used is determined using the capital asset pricing model
          with reference to the beta coefficient and debt ratio of certain publicly listed companies in the technology
          industry.

          If the pre-tax discount rate rose to 28% or the gross margin decreased to 21% (with other assumptions
          remaining unchanged), the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit would be decreased to the
          carrying amount of goodwill. Except for these, any reasonably possible changes in other key assumptions
          used in the value-in-use assessment model would not affect management’s view on impairment at 31
          December 2023.

          Based on the impairment assessment conducted by the Group utilising the above key assumptions, the
          recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit estimated from the cash flow forecast exceeded the
          carrying amount of goodwill and no impairment was considered necessary.

          The values assigned to the key assumptions on market development of related services and discount rates
          are consistent with external information sources.



114 Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2023
             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                             31 December 2023



17. OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                        Deferred
                                     development                                     Customer
                                            costs    Software Copyright Technology relationship      Total
                                         HK$’000      HK$’000  HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000


    31 December 2023:

    Cost at 1 January 2023, net of
      accumulated amortisation           169,327       19,521      7,576      95,329     96,303    388,056
    Additions                              71,715       7,912     96,482          —           —     176,109
    Transfer                             (98,549)     98,549          —           —           —           —
    Amortisation provided
      during the year                          —      (11,887)    (55,423)   (17,866)    (29,187) (114,363)
    Exchange realignment                   (7,601)     (1,026)         22      (2,115)    (2,386)  (13,106)


    At 31 December 2023                  134,892     113,069       48,657     75,348     64,730    436,696


    At 31 December 2023
    Cost                                 134,892     138,737      112,754    120,058     120,073   626,514
    Accumulated amortisation                  —      (25,668)     (64,097)    (44,710)   (55,343) (189,818)


    Net carrying amount                  134,892     113,069       48,657     75,348     64,730    436,696




                                                                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 115
     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2023



     17. OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Continued)

                                                Deferred
                                             development                                              Customer
                                                    costs    Software    Copyright    Technology    relationship     Total
                                                 HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000     HK$’000


            31 December 2022:

            Cost at 1 January 2022, net of
              accumulated amortisation            86,212         223           —          17,462         7,552      111,449
            Additions                             88,431        2,418       4,726             —             —        95,575
            Acquisition of subsidiaries            6,513       20,021      29,980         91,882       109,593     257,989
            Amortisation provided
              during the year                      (4,611)     (2,407)     (26,071)      (13,842)       (20,881)   (67,812)
            Exchange realignment                   (7,218)       (734)      (1,059)         (173)            39     (9,145)


            At 31 December 2022                  169,327       19,521       7,576        95,329         96,303     388,056


            At 31 December 2022
            Cost                                 177,780       25,187      18,937        118,535       122,788     463,227
            Accumulated amortisation              (8,453)      (5,666)     (11,361)      (23,206)      (26,485)     (75,171)


            Net carrying amount                  169,327       19,521       7,576        95,329         96,303     388,056




116 Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2023
                NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                           31 December 2023



18. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES

                                                                                                             2023                  2022
                                                                                                          HK$’000                HK$’000


       Share of net assets                                                                                       998                  1,111
       Share of profits and losses of associates                                                                   1                   (93)


       Total                                                                                                     999                 1,018


   As at 31 December 2023, UHD Big Data Solutions Co., Ltd and Shanghai Lijiu Network Technology Co., Ltd.
   are associates of the Group, and the proportions of the Group’s ownership are 15% and 45.9%, respectively.



19. INVENTORIES

                                                                                                             2023                  2022
                                                                                                          HK$’000                HK$’000


       Contract costs                                                                                         4,397                17,092



20. TRADE RECEIVABLES

                                                                                                             2023                  2022
                                                                                                          HK$’000                HK$’000


       Trade receivables                                                                                 1,068,916               686,954
       Impairment                                                                                           (11,669)                (803)*


       Net carrying amount                                                                               1,057,247                686,151


   *      As a results of the identification of fair values of the identifiable assets and liabilities of Particle Technology as at the date of
          acquisition, the loss allowance for impairment of trade receivables amount to HK$14,124,000 was netted against the gross trade
          receivables.


   The Group’s trading terms with its debtors are usually 10 to 180 days. The Group always recognises lifetime
   ECLs for all trade receivables and measures the lifetime ECL on a specific basis according to management’s
   assessment of the recoverability of an individual receivable. Management considers the number of days that
   an individual receivable is outstanding, historical experience and forward-looking information to determine
   the recoverability of the trade receivable. The Group does not hold any collateral or other credit
   enhancements over its trade receivables balances. Trade receivables are unsecured and non-interest-
   bearing.




                                                                                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 117
     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2023



     20. TRADE RECEIVABLES (Continued)

          An ageing analysis of the trade receivables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice date
          and net of loss allowance, is as follows:

                                                                                               2023             2022
                                                                                            HK$’000           HK$’000


            Within 1 year                                                                  1,033,610          676,358
            Over 1 years                                                                      23,637            9,793


            Total                                                                          1,057,247           686,151


          The movements in loss allowance for impairment of trade receivables are as follows:

                                                                                               2023             2022
                                                                                            HK$’000           HK$’000


            At beginning of year                                                                 803               119
            Impairment of trade receivables, net                                              10,866              684


            At end of year                                                                    11,669              803


          An impairment analysis is performed at each reporting date using a provision matrix to measure expected
          credit losses. The provision rates are based on days past due for groupings of various customer segments
          with similar loss patterns (i.e., by geographical region, service type, customer type and rating). The
          calculation reflects the probability-weighted outcome, the time value of money and reasonable and
          supportable information that is available at the reporting date about past events, current conditions and
          forecasts of future economic conditions. Generally, trade receivables are written off if past due for more than
          three years and are not subject to enforcement activity.




118 Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2023
             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                             31 December 2023



20. TRADE RECEIVABLES (Continued)

   Set out below is the information about the credit risk exposure on the Group’s trade receivables using a
   provision matrix:

   As at 31 December 2023

                                                                  Past due
                                                    Less than                         Over
                                        Current        1 year   1 to 2 years       2 years           Total


     Expected credit loss rate           0.08%          4.71%       19.46%           100%           1.09%
     Gross carrying amount
       (HK$’000)                       946,250        92,423         29,348           895      1,068,916
     Expected credit losses
       (HK$’000)                            714        4,349           5,711          895          11,669


   As at 31 December 2022

                                                                  Past due
                                                    Less than                         Over
                                        Current        1 year    1 to 2 years      2 years           Total


     Expected credit loss rate           0.03%          0.12%         4.69%            N/A          0.12%
     Gross carrying amount
       (HK$’000)                        525,931       150,748         10,275            —        686,954
     Expected credit losses
       (HK$’000)                            146           175           482             —             803




                                                            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 119
     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2023



     21. PREPAYMENTS, OTHER RECEIVABLES AND OTHER ASSETS

                                                                                               2023             2022
                                                                                            HK$’000           HK$’000


            Prepayments                                                                       91,777           99,696
            Deposits and other receivables                                                    39,128           16,734


            Total                                                                           130,905            116,430


            Portion classified as current assets                                            (128,420)         (114,479)


            Non-current portion                                                                2,485             1,951


          Other receivables and other assets mainly represent rental deposits and deposits with suppliers. The financial
          assets included in the above balances relate to deposits and receivables for which there was no recent
          history of default. The Group has thereby concluded that the expected credit loss rates for trade receivables
          are a reasonable approximation of the rates for other receivables and other assets. Since other receivables
          and other assets are related to receivables which are still in current and the payment is not due, the expected
          credit loss rates of deposits and other receivables are assessed to be minimal. Other receivable due from
          related party in 2023 is HK$2,209,000. (2022: HK$2,239,000). Details of the amounts due from related
          parties are disclosed in note 35 to the financial statements.



     22. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS

                                                                                               2023             2022
                                                                                           HK $’000          HK $’000


            Call options                                                                     137,014           134,812
            Other unlisted investments, at fair value                                         62,266            58,669


            Total                                                                           199,280            193,481


          The above equity investments were classified as financial assets at FVTPL as the Group has not elected to
          recognise the fair value gain or loss through other comprehensive income. The unlisted investments for the
          years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 were asset management schemes managed by non-
          bank financial institutions.

          On 9 May 2022, the Group acquired a 61.18249% interest in the Particle Technology, and the purchase
          agreement contains three call options. The initial amount recognised was HK$130,154,000 and the
          subsequent fair value gains in 2022 and 2023 were HK$4,769,000 and HK$2,202,000, respectively.




120 Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2023
             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                  31 December 2023



23. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND PLEDGED DEPOSITS

                                                                                      2023              2022
                                                                      Notes        HK$’000            HK$’000


     Cash and bank balances                                                         169,770           203,615
     Time deposits                                                                   85,114           230,723


     Subtotal                                                                       254,884           434,338
     Less: Pledged time deposits:
       Pledged for bank loans                                           26            14,841          207,843


     Cash and cash equivalents                                                     240,043            226,495


     Denominated in HK$                                                               4,086           292,493
     Denominated in US$                                                             126,324             20,732
     Denominated in RMB                                                             123,019            118,735
     Denominated in JPY                                                                1,102             2,149
     Denominated in AU$                                                                 353                229


     Total cash and cash equivalents and pledged time deposits                      254,884           434,338


   Cash at banks earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates. Short-term time deposits
   earn interest at deposit rates proposed by the banks. The bank balances are deposited with creditworthy
   banks with no recent history of default.

   The RMB is not freely convertible into other currencies, however, under Mainland China’s Foreign Exchange
   Control Regulations and Administration of Settlement, and Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange
   Regulations, the Group is permitted to exchange RMB for other currencies through banks authorised to
   conduct foreign exchange business.



24. TRADE PAYABLES

   An ageing analysis of the trade payables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice date, is
   as follows:

                                                                                      2023              2022
                                                                                   HK$’000            HK$’000


     Within 1 year                                                                  450,875            279,691


   The trade payables are non-interest-bearing and are normally settled on within 1-year terms.




                                                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 121
     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2023



     25. OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS

                                                                                                                        2023                  2022
                                                                                                   Notes             HK$’000                HK$’000


            Other payables                                                                           (a)               65,238                 35,926
            Accruals                                                                                                    7,886                  7,129
            Contract liabilities                                                                     (b)                3,710                  4,712
            Payroll and welfare accruals                                                                               21,353                 23,322


            Total                                                                                                       98,187                71,089


          Notes:


          (a)      Other payables are non-interest-bearing and repayable on demand.


          (b)      Details of contract liabilities are as follows:

                                                                                                                          2023                  2022
                                                                                                                       HK$’000                HK$’000


                     Short-term advances received from customers
                     Rendering of services                                                                                 3,710                 4,712


                   Contract liabilities include short-term advances received to render services. The decrease in contract liabilities in 2023 and 2022 was
                   mainly due to the decrease in short-term advances received from customers in relation to the provision of render services at the end
                   of the year.




     26. INTEREST-BEARING BORROWINGS

          As at 31 December 2023, the Group’s interest-bearing borrowings consisted of non-current interest-bearing
          borrowings with carrying amount of HK$443,951,000, which bear interest at secured overnight financing rate
          plus seven percent and secured by the shares, intellectual property, trade receivables and bank balances of
          all material subsidiaries of the Group, and current interest-bearing borrowings with carrying amount of
          HK$131,303,000, which are unsecured, bear interests at three point five percent to four point eight percent.
          HK$131,303,000 is repayable within one year, HK$195,204,000 is repayable on or before 29 March 2025 and
          HK$248,747,000 is repayable on or before 29 March 2026.

          On 2 April 2022, Vobile HK entered a senior facility (the “Senior Facility”) agreement and a mezzanine facility
          (the “Mezzanine Facility”) agreement with The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited (“HSBC”)
          as the arranger and agent for loan amount of US$75 million and US$52.5 million, respectively. The Senior
          Facility was drawn on 21 April 2022, bear interest at secured overnight financing rate plus three point seven
          five percent to five point seven five percent and is fully repayable on 29 September 2023. The Mezzanine
          Facility was drawn on 21 April 2022, bear interest at secured overnight financing rate plus nine percent and is
          fully repayable on 2 July 2024. The interest-bearing borrowings are secured by the shares, intellectual
          properties, trade receivables and bank balances of all material subsidiaries of the Group. The Senior Facility
          and Mezzanine Facility had been fully repaid in 2023.




122 Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2023
             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                 31 December 2023



26. INTEREST-BEARING BORROWINGS (Continued)

                                                                                      2023             2022
                                                                                   HK$’000           HK$’000


     Analysed into:
      Bank loans and overdrafts repayable:
        Within one year or on demand                                                131,303          652,654
        In the second year                                                          195,204          351,232
        In the third year                                                           248,747               —


     Total                                                                          575,254         1,003,886



27. CONVERTIBLE BONDS

   On 16 August 2022, the Company issued convertible bonds in an aggregate principal amount of
   HK$117,000,000 to Lucion International Investment Limited, an investment holding company incorporated in
   Hong Kong. The convertible bonds have an initial conversion price of HK$5.32 per share. The convertible
   bonds are convertible into shares of the Company. The convertible bonds bear simple interest on their
   outstanding principal amount at the rate of 4% per annum, payable annually in arrears, and will mature in the
   three years from the issue date. The annual effective interest rate of the debt component is 10.69%.

   The fair value of the liability component was estimated at the issuance date using an equivalent market
   interest rate for a similar bond without a conversion option. The residual amount is assigned as the equity
   component and is included in shareholders’ equity.




                                                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 123
     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2023



     27. CONVERTIBLE BONDS (Continued)

          The convertible bonds issued during the year have been split into the liability and equity components as
          follows :

                                                                                          2023           2022
                                                                                       HK$’000         HK$’000


            Liability component at 1 January                                           101,686                —
            Nominal value of convertible bonds issued during the year                       —           117,000
            Equity component                                                                —            (8,614)
            Direct transaction costs attributable to the equity component                   —               (706)
            Direct transaction costs attributable to the liability component                —             (9,917)


            Liability component at the issuance date                                   101,686           97,763
            Interest expense                                                            10,644            3,923
            Interest paid                                                               (4,446)              —
            Exchange realignment                                                          (204)              —


            Liability component at 31 December                                         107,680          101,686
            Interest payable classified as current liabilities                          (4,680)          (4,680)


            Non-current portion                                                        103,000           97,006




124 Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2023
             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     31 December 2023



28. DEFERRED TAX

   The movements in deferred tax liabilities and assets during the year are as follows:

   Deferred tax liabilities
                                                                Tax deduction      Right-of-use
                                                                   of goodwill           assets            Total
                                                                      HK$’000          HK$’000           HK$’000

     At 1 January 2022                                                   27,543            585             28,128
     Acquisition of subsidiaries                                         50,347             —              50,347
     Deferred tax charged/(credited) to profit or loss
       during the year (note 10)                                         (3,349)           307             (3,042)

     At 31 December 2022 and 1 January 2023                              74,541            892             75,433

     Deferred tax charged/(credited) to profit or loss
      during the year (note 10)                                           2,934            (476)            2,458

     Gross deferred tax liabilities at 31 December 2023                  77,475            416             77,891


   Deferred tax assets
                                            Losses
                                       available for
                                         offsetting
                                            against
                                             future                     Research and
                                            taxable           Lease     Development
                                             profits      liabilities          costs       Others          Total
                                           HK$’000         HK$’000          HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000

     At 1 January 2022                      52,687              505           14,657       16,339          84,188

     Deferred tax credited/(charged)
       to profit or loss during the
       year (note 10)                         1,550             361           (2,028)       4,490           4,373
     Acquisition of subsidiaries                 —               —                —          6,116           6,116

     At 31 December 2022 and
       1 January 2023                       54,237              866           12,629       26,945          94,677

     Deferred tax credited/(charged)
      to profit or loss during the
      year (note 10)                        (22,875)           (491)           4,576        11,144         (7,646)

     Gross deferred tax assets at
       31 December 2023                     31,362              375          17,205       38,089           87,031



                                                                  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 125
     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2023



     28. DEFERRED TAX (Continued)

          Deferred tax assets (Continued)
          As at 31 December 2023, deferred tax assets related to Vobile US have been calculated at a composite
          statutory tax rate of 29.61%, which consisted of a federal income tax rate of 21% and multiple state income
          tax rates.

          Deferred tax assets had been provided for the losses available for offsetting against future taxable profits.
          The Group had tax losses and unutilised deduction arising in the United States of HK$105,917,000 as at 31
          December 2023 (2022: HK$200,137,000), that will expire in twenty years from 31 December 2023 for
          offsetting against future taxable profits.

          For presentation purposes, certain deferred tax assets and liabilities have been offset in the statement of
          financial position. The following is an analysis of the deferred tax balances of the Group for financial reporting
          purposes:

                                                                                                 2023             2022
                                                                                              HK$’000           HK$’000


            Net deferred tax assets recognised in the consolidated
             statement of financial position                                                    86,615            93,785
            Net deferred tax liabilities recognised in the consolidated
             statement of financial position                                                    77,475            74,541


          The Group has tax losses arising in Hong Kong of HK$202,725,000 (2022: HK$73,184,000) that are available
          indefinitely for offsetting against future taxable profits of the companies in which the losses arose.

          The Group also has tax losses arising in Mainland China of HK$76,744,000 (2022: HK$31,764,000) that will
          expire in one to five years for offsetting against future taxable profits.

          Deferred tax assets have not been recognised in respect of these losses as they have arisen in subsidiaries
          that have been loss-making for some time and it is not considered probable that taxable profits will be
          available against which the tax losses can be utilised.

          At 31 December 2023, no deferred tax has been recognised for withholding taxes that would be payable on
          the unremitted earnings that are subject to withholding taxes of the Group’s subsidiaries established in
          Chinese Mainland. In the opinion of the directors, it is not probable that these subsidiaries and associates will
          distribute such earnings in the foreseeable future. The aggregate amount of temporary differences
          associated with investments in subsidiaries in Chinese Mainland for which deferred tax liabilities have not
          been recognised totalled approximately HK$402,202,000 as at 31 December 2023 (2022: HK$ 273,994,000).




126 Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2023
                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                                31 December 2023



29. SHARE CAPITAL

                                                                                                                 2023                  2022
                                                                                                              HK$’000                HK$’000


     Issued and fully paid (US$0.000025 per share):
       2,240,443,656 ordinary shares (2022: US$0.000025 per share
         for 2,117,596,656 ordinary shares)                                                                          441                    417


   A summary of movements in the Company’s share capital is as follows:

                                                                                                              Number of
                                                                     Number of                 Share           treasury             Treasury
                                                                 shares in issue              capital            shares               shares
                                                                                             HK$’000                                 HK$’000


     At 1 January 2022                                             2,117,596,656                    417       26,085,418              (62,437)
     Shares repurchased for share award plan (a)                              —                      —        12,566,000              (44,462)
     Transferred during the year for share
       award plan (a)                                                             —                  —        (9,772,956)              27,006


     At 31 December 2022 and
       1 January 2023                                              2,117,596,656                    417      28,878,462               (79,893)
     Shares repurchased for share award plan (a)                              —                      —          450,000                 (1,310)
     Transferred during the year for
       share award plan (a)                                                    —                     —       (17,553,194)              48,599
     Issue of shares (b)                                              114,127,000                    22               —                    —
     Exercise of share options (c)                                      8,720,000                     2               —                    —


     At 31 December 2023                                          2,240,443,656                    441        11,775,268              (32,604)


   Notes:


   (a)      On 6 May 2019, the Board adopted a 10-year share award plan (the “Plan”) to incentivise, recognise and reward the contributions of
            certain eligible persons (“Eligible Persons”) to the growth and development of the Group.


            Pursuant to the Plan, the ordinary shares of US$0.000025 each in the capital of the Company will be acquired by the trustee at the
            cost of the Company and will be held in trust for the Eligible Persons before vesting. The total number of shares granted under the
            Plan shall be limited to 10% of the total issued share capital of the Company.


            The Board has delegated the power and authority to a trustee to handle operational matters of the Plan but all major decisions in
            relation to the Plan shall be made by the Board unless expressly provided for in the Plan rules pursuant to the Plan or the Board
            resolves to delegate such power to the trustee.


            Pursuant to the Plan rules, the Board may, from time to time, at its absolute discretion and subject to such terms and conditions as it
            may think fit, select any participants for participation in the Plan as Eligible Persons and determine the number of awarded shares.


            In 2023, 450,000 shares were purchased on behalf by the trustees and 17,553,194 shares (2022: 9,772,956 shares) were granted
            and transferred under the Plan.



                                                                                    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 127
     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2023



     29. SHARE CAPITAL (Continued)

          Notes: (Continued)

          (b)   On 7 February 2023, the Company completed the placement of 114,127,000 Shares to no less than six placees at a subscription price
                of HK$4.12 per Share.

          (c)   In 2023, the subscription rights attaching to 8,600,000 and 120,000 share options were exercised at the subscription price of
                HK$0.875 and US$0.03125 per share, respectively, resulting in the issue of 8,720,000 shares for a total cash consideration, before
                expenses, of HK$7,555,000. An amount of HK$3,578,000 was transferred from the share compensation reserve to share capital upon
                the exercise of the share options.


          Share options
          Details of the Company’s share option scheme and the share options issued under the scheme are included
          in note 30 to the financial statements.


     30. SHARE OPTION SCHEME

          The Company operates a Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme and Post-IPO Share Option Scheme for the purpose
          of providing additional incentive to eligible participants of the Group and to promote the success of the
          Group’s operations. Eligible participants of the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme include employees, Directors,
          consultants and advisers of the Group, and they could exercise with prices of no less than 100% of the fair
          value of a share on the date of grant. The Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme became effective on December 30,
          2016 and, unless otherwise cancelled or amended, will remain in force for 10 years from that date. The Post-
          IPO Share Option Scheme became effective on December 8, 2017 and, unless otherwise cancelled or
          amended, will remain in force for 10 years from that date.

          Any options granted to a participant who is a director, chief executive or substantial shareholder of the
          Company or any of their respective associates under the scheme shall be approved by the independent non-
          executive directors of the Company and in the event that the proposed participant is an independent non-
          executive director of the Company, the vote of such independent non-executive director shall not be
          counted for the purpose of approving such grant.

          The following share options were outstanding under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme and the Post-IPO
          Share Option Scheme during the year:

                                                                       2023                                         2022
                                                               Weighted                                     Weighted
                                                                 average                Number                average               Number
                                                           exercise price             of options        exercise price            of options
                                                                     HK$                                          HK$
                                                               per share                     ’000           per share                     ’000


            At 1 January                                            3.8338              199,840                  3.8722              195,820
            Granted during the year                                      —                     —                 5.0000                7,320
            Exercised during the year                               0.8663                (8,720)                    —                    —
            Forfeited during the year                               8.7000              (10,000)                 8.7000               (3,300)


            At 31 December                                          3.7080               181,120                 3.8338              199,840




128 Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2023
             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                               31 December 2023



30. SHARE OPTION SCHEME (Continued)

   The exercise prices and exercise periods of the share options outstanding as at 31 December 2023 and 2022
   are as follows:

   2023

          Number of options              Exercise price                                     Exercise period
                      ’000               HK$ per share


                     32,000                       0.2698                    25 April 2019 to 25 April 2027
                     16,800                       0.8750                    30 July 2022 to 30 July 2030
                      4,000                       1.0200          9 September 2021 to 9 September 2030
                      4,000                       1.0200          9 September 2022 to 9 September 2030
                    112,000                       5.0000              12 January 2021 to 12 January 2031
                      5,000                       8.7000                     23 July 2022 to 23 July 2031
                      7,320                       5.0000                       8 July 2023 to 7 July 2032


   2022

          Number of options              Exercise price                                     Exercise period
                       ’000              HK$ per share


                     32,000                       0.2698                      25 April 2019 to 25 April 2027
                        120                       0.2453                      25 April 2019 to 25 April 2027
                     25,400                       0.8750                      30 July 2022 to 30 July 2030
                      4,000                       1.0200            9 September 2021 to 9 September 2030
                      4,000                       1.0200            9 September 2022 to 9 September 2030
                    112,000                       5.0000                12 January 2021 to 12 January 2031
                     15,000                       8.7000                      23 July 2022 to 23 July 2031
                      7,320                       5.0000                         8 July 2023 to 7 July 2032


   No share option was granted during the year.

   The 8,720,000 share options exercised during the year resulted in the issue of 8,720,000 ordinary shares of
   the Company and new share capital of HK$2,000 (before issue expenses), as further detailed in note 29 to
   the financial statements.



31. RESERVES

   The amounts of the Group’s reserves and the movements therein for the current and prior years are
   presented in the consolidated statement of changes in equity on pages 64 and 65 of the financial
   statements.




                                                              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 129
     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2023



     31. RESERVES (Continued)

          Merger reserve
          The merger reserve represents those reserves arising from the reorganisation for the purpose of listing.
          Details of the movements in the merger reserve are set out in the consolidated statement of changes in
          equity.

          Other reserve
          The other reserve of the Group represents certain assignments and share-based payments under the share
          option scheme made by the Then Ultimate Holding Company on behalf of the Group.



     32. PARTLY-OWNED SUBSIDIARIES WITH MATERIAL NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS

          Details of the Group’s subsidiaries that have material non-controlling interests are set out below:

                                                                                                 2023               2022


            Percentage of equity interest held by non-controlling interests:
              Particle Technology                                                         61.18249%             61.18249%



                                                                                                2023               2022
                                                                                              HK’000              HK’000


            Profit for the year allocated to non-controlling interests:
              Particle Technology                                                               7,608              16,101


            Accumulated balances of non-controlling interests at the reporting date:
              Particle Technology                                                            185,646              181,186




130 Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2023
            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                               31 December 2023



32. PARTLY-OWNED SUBSIDIARIES WITH MATERIAL NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS
   (Continued)

   The following tables illustrate the summarised financial information of the above subsidiaries. The amounts
   disclosed are before any inter-company eliminations:

   Particle Technology
                                                                                     2023             2022
                                                                                   HK’000            HK’000


    Revenue                                                                        702,111          424,417
    Total expenses                                                                (652,512)        (382,937)
    Profit for the year                                                             19,599           41,480
    Total comprehensive income for the year                                         11,490           30,968


    Current assets                                                                857,676          863,024
    Non-current assets                                                             284,611           77,074
    Current liabilities                                                          (623,600)         (416,291)
    Non-current liabilities                                                       (40,434)          (46,533)


    Net cash flows from operating activities                                       (34,939)          45,946
    Net cash flows used in investing activities                                      (3,891)        (93,576)
    Net cash flows from financing activities                                        31,237           29,574


    Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents                                       (7,593)         (18,056)




                                                              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 131
     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2023



     33. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

          (a) Major non-cash transactions
                During the year, the Group had non-cash additions to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities of
                HK$4,998,000 (2022: HK$5,429,000) and HK$4,998,000 (2022: HK$5,429,000), respectively, in
                respect of lease arrangements for offices.

          (b) Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities
                2023

                                                                              Other         Lease     Convertible
                                                                         borrowings     liabilities       bonds
                                                                           HK$’000      HK$’000         HK$’000


                  At 1 January 2023                                      1,003,886        21,191         101,686
                  Changes from financing cash flows                        (507,913)     (12,210)         (4,446)
                  New leases                                                      —        4,998               —
                  Interest expense                                           80,832          776          10,644
                  Interest paid classified as operation cash flows                —         (776)              —
                  Exchange realignment                                        (1,551)       (438)           (204)


                  At 31 December 2023                                      575,254        13,541         107,680


                2022

                                                                              Other        Lease      Convertible
                                                                         borrowings     liabilities       bonds
                                                                           HK$’000      HK$’000         HK$’000


                  At 1 January 2022                                               —       24,263               —
                  Changes from financing cash flows                         914,718       (11,075)       106,377
                  Equity component of convertible bonds                           —            —           (8,614)
                  New leases                                                      —         5,429              —
                  Disposal                                                        —        (1,523)             —
                  Interest expense                                           87,987           861          3,923
                  Interest paid classified as operation cash flows                —          (861)             —
                  Additions as a result of acquisition of subsidiaries         1,181        4,059              —
                  Exchange realignment                                            —            38              —


                  At 31 December 2022                                     1,003,886        21,191         101,686




132 Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2023
             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   31 December 2023



33. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (Continued)

   (c) Total cash outflow for leases

        The total cash outflow for leases included in the statement of cash flows is as follows:

                                                                                        2023             2022
                                                                                     HK$’000           HK$’000


          Within operating activities                                                     776                861
          Within financing activities                                                  12,210             11,075


          Total                                                                        12,986            11,936



34. COMMITMENTS

   The Group had the following capital commitments at the end of the reporting period:

                                                                                        2023             2022
                                                                                     HK$’000           HK$’000


    Buildings                                                                          33,958            39,256



35. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

   (a) Names and relationships of related parties:
          Name                                          Relationship


          視清雲圖大數據有限公司                                   Subsidiary of an associate of the group
          UHD Big Data Solutions Co., Ltd


   (b) Outstanding balances with related parties
        Due from related parties included in other receivables

                                                                                        2023             2022
                                                                                     HK$’000           HK$’000


          UHD Big Data Solutions Co., Ltd                                               2,209             2,239


        Amounts due from related parties are non-trade in nature, unsecured, non-interest-bearing and
        repayable within one year.




                                                                 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 133
     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2023



     36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY

          The carrying amounts of each of the categories of financial instruments as at 31 December 2023 are as
          follows:

          2023

          Financial assets
                                                                            Financial    Financial
                                                                            assets at    assets at
                                                                               FVTPL    amortised          Total
                                                                            HK$’000      HK$’000        HK$’000


            Trade receivables                                                     —     1,057,247     1,057,247
            Financial assets included in prepayments,
              other receivables and other assets                                  —       39,128         39,128
            Financial assets at FVTPL                                       199,280            —        199,280
            Pledged deposits                                                      —        14,841         14,841
            Cash and cash equivalents                                             —      240,043        240,043


            Total                                                           199,280     1,351,259     1,550,539


          Financial liabilities
                                                                                                        Financial
                                                                                                     liabilities at
                                                                                                       amortised
                                                                                                        HK$’000


            Trade payables                                                                              450,875
            Lease liabilities                                                                            13,541
            Interest bearing borrowings                                                                 575,254
            Convertible bonds                                                                           107,680
            Financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals                                73,124


            Total                                                                                     1,220,474




134 Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2023
            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                 31 December 2023



36. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY (Continued)

   2022

   Financial assets
                                                                       Financial     Financial
                                                                       assets at     assets at
                                                                         FVTPL      amortised          Total
                                                                       HK$’000       HK$’000         HK$’000


    Trade receivables                                                        —        686,151         686,151
    Financial assets included in prepayments,
      other receivables and other assets                                     —        16,734          16,734
    Financial assets at FVTPL                                           193,481           —          193,481
    Pledged deposits                                                         —       207,843         207,843
    Cash and cash equivalents                                                —       226,495         226,495


    Total                                                               193,481     1,137,223       1,330,704


   Financial liabilities
                                                                                                     Financial
                                                                                                  liabilities at
                                                                                                    amortised
                                                                                                     HK$’000


    Trade payables                                                                                    279,691
    Lease liabilities                                                                                    21,191
    Interest bearing borrowings                                                                     1,003,886
    Convertible bonds                                                                                  101,686
    Financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals                                       43,055


    Total                                                                                           1,449,509




                                                                    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 135
     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2023



     37. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

          The carrying amounts and fair values of the Group’s financial instruments, other than those with carrying
          amounts that reasonably approximate to fair values, are as follows:

                                                           Carrying amounts                      Fair values
                                                             2023             2022              2023             2022
                                                          HK$’000           HK$’000          HK$’000           HK$’000


            Financial liabilities

            Convertible bonds                              107,680           101,686          111,103          107,680


          Management has assessed that the fair values of cash and cash equivalents, pledged deposits, trade
          receivables, financial assets included in prepayments, deposits and other receivables, trade payables,
          financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals approximate to their carrying amounts largely due
          to the short-term maturities of these instruments. The carrying amount of interest bearing bank borrowings
          approximates fair value due to variable interest rate terms stick to the market interest rate.

          The Group’s finance department is responsible for determining the policies and procedures for the fair value
          measurement of financial instruments. At each reporting date, the finance department analyses the
          movements in the values of financial instruments and determines the major inputs applied in the valuation.
          The directors review the results of the fair value measurement of financial instruments periodically for annual
          financial reporting.

          The fair values of the financial assets and liabilities are included at the amount at which the instrument could
          be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties, other than in a forced or liquidation sale.

          The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values:

          The fair values of the convertible bonds and interest-bearing bank borrowings have been calculated by
          discounting the expected future cash flows using rates currently available for instruments with similar terms,
          credit risk and remaining maturities. The changes in fair value as a result of the Group’s own non-performance
          risk for interest bearing bank borrowings as at 31 December 2023 were assessed to be insignificant. The fair
          value of the liability portion of the convertible bonds is estimated by discounting the expected future cash
          flows using an equivalent market interest rate for a similar convertible bond with consideration of the Group’s
          own non-performance risk.

          For the unlisted investment fund measured at FVTPL, management assessed the fair value based on the
          expected future cash flows using rates currently available for instruments with similar terms, credit risk.




136 Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2023
             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   31 December 2023



37. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

   For the call options measured at FVTPL, management assessed the fair value based on the expected future
   cash flows using rates currently available for instruments with similar terms, credit risk and remaining
   maturities.

   Significant unobservable valuation inputs for the fair value measurement of the call options are as follows:

                                                                                                       As at the
                                                                                                     acquisition
                                                                        2023              2022             date


     Discount rate                                                     14.2%            15.30%           14.90%
     Terminal growth rate                                                 2%                2%               2%


   A significant increase (decrease) in the profit before tax of the Particle Technology would result in a
   significant increase (decrease) in the fair value of the call options. A significant increase (decrease) in the
   discount rate would result in a significant decrease (increase) in the fair value of the call options.

   Fair value hierarchy
   The following tables illustrate the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s financial instruments:

   Assets measured at fair value:
   As at 31 December 2023

                                                     Fair value measurement using
                                             Quoted prices        Significant     Significant
                                                  in active       observable    unobservable
                                                  markets             inputs          inputs
                                                  (Level 1)         (Level 2)       (Level 3)             Total
                                                 HK$’000            HK$’000         HK$’000            HK$’000


     Financial assets at FVTPL                            —                —          199,280          199,280


   As at 31 December 2022

                                                      Fair value measurement using
                                              Quoted prices       Significant      Significant
                                                   in active      observable     unobservable
                                                    markets            inputs           inputs
                                                   (Level 1)        (Level 2)        (Level 3)           Total
                                                  HK$’000           HK$’000          HK$’000           HK$’000


     Financial assets at FVTPL                            —                —           193,481          193,481




                                                                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 137
     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2023



     37. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

          Fair value hierarchy (Continued)
          Assets measured at fair value: (Continued)

          The movements in fair value measurements within Level 3 during the year are as follows:

                                                                                               2023      2022
                                                                                            HK$’000    HK$’000


            Financial assets at FVTPL
            At 1 January                                                                    193,481      48,316
            Purchases                                                                         2,003          —
            Total profit recognised in the statement of profit or loss
              included in other income and gains                                              7,006      17,039
            Acquisition of subsidiaries                                                           —     130,154
            Exchange realignment                                                             (3,210)     (2,028)


            At 31 December                                                                  199,280     193,481


          Liabilities measured at fair value:
          The Group did not have any financial liabilities measured at fair value as at 31 December 2023 and 31
          December 2022.

          Liabilities for which fair values are disclosed:
          As at 31 December 2023

                                                             Fair value measurement using
                                                     Quoted prices       Significant     Significant
                                                          in active      observable    unobservable
                                                          markets            inputs          inputs
                                                          (Level 1)        (Level2)        (Level 3)      Total
                                                         HK$’000           HK$’000         HK$’000     HK$’000


            Convertible bonds                                     —              —           111,103    111,103




138 Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2023
             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                      31 December 2023



37. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

   Fair value hierarchy (Continued)
   Liabilities for which fair values are disclosed: (Continued)
   As at 31 December 2022

                                                        Fair value measurement using
                                               Quoted prices        Significant      Significant
                                                    in active       observable     unobservable
                                                     markets            inputs            inputs
                                                    (Level 1)         (Level2)         (Level 3)            Total
                                                   HK$’000            HK$’000          HK$’000            HK$’000


     Convertible bonds                                      —                 —          107,680           107,680



38. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES

   The Group’s principal financial instruments comprise other borrowings, convertible bonds and cash and cash
   equivalents. The main purpose of these financial instruments is to raise finance for the Group’s operations.
   The Group has various other financial assets and liabilities such as trade receivables and trade payables,
   which arise directly from its operations.

   The main risks arising from the Group’s financial instruments are interest rate risk, foreign currency risk, credit
   risk and liquidity risk. The directors review and agree policies for managing each of these risks and they are
   summarised below.

   Interest rate risk
   The Group’s exposure to the risk of changes in market interest rates relates primarily to the Group’s long term
   bank borrowings with a floating interest rate.




                                                                  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 139
     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2023



     38. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)

          Interest rate risk (Continued)
          The following table demonstrates the sensitivity to a reasonably possible change in interest rates, with all
          other variables held constant, of the Group’s profit before tax (through the impact on floating rate
          borrowings) and the Group’s equity.

                                                                     Increase/          Increase/        Increase/
                                                                  (decrease) in    (decrease) in      (decrease) in
                                                                   basis points profit before tax          equity*
                                                                                          HK$’000          HK$’000


            2023
            Other borrowings                                                100             (8,926)         (8,926)
            Other borrowings                                               (100)             8,926           8,926


            2022
            Other borrowings                                                 100            (4,053)          (4,053)
            Other borrowings                                                (100)            4,053            4,053




140 Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2023
                NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   31 December 2023



38. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)

   Foreign currency risk
   The Group has transactional currency exposures. Such exposures arise from sales or purchases by operating
   units and investing and financing activities by investment holding units in currencies other than the units’
   functional currencies. The following table demonstrates the sensitivity at the end of the reporting period to a
   reasonably possible change in the major foreign currency exchange rates, with all other variables held
   constant, of the Group’s profit before tax arising from USD and RMB denominated financial instruments and
   the Group’s equity due to the changes of exchange fluctuation reserves of certain overseas subsidiaries of
   which the functional currencies are currencies other than HK$.

                                                                                                      Increase/
                                                                                 (Decrease)/      (Decrease) in
                                                                                  increase in      profit before
                                                                               USD/RMB rate                  tax
                                                                                           %            HK$’000


       2023
       If the Hong Kong dollar weakens against the USD                                      (5)             466
       If the Hong Kong dollar strengthens against the USD                                   5             (466)

       If the Hong Kong dollar weakens against the RMB                                      (5)           7,350
       If the Hong Kong dollar strengthens against the RMB                                   5           (7,350)


       2022
       If the Hong Kong dollar weakens against the USD                                      (5)           3,209
       If the Hong Kong dollar strengthens against the USD                                   5           (3,209)

       If the Hong Kong dollar weakens against the RMB                                      (5)           4,386
       If the Hong Kong dollar strengthens against the RMB                                   5           (4,386)


   *      Excluding retained profits




                                                                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 141
     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2023



     38. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)

          Credit risk
          The Group trades only with recognised and creditworthy third parties. It is the Group’s policy that all
          customers who wish to trade on credit terms are subject to credit verification procedures. In addition,
          receivable balances are monitored on an ongoing basis and the Group’s exposure to bad debts is not
          significant. For transactions that are not denominated in the functional currency of the relevant operating
          unit, the Group does not offer credit terms without the specific approval from management.

          Maximum exposure and year-end staging
          The table below shows the credit quality and the maximum exposure to credit risk based on the Group’s
          credit policy, which is mainly based on past due information unless other information is available without
          undue cost or effort, and year-end staging classification as at 31 December 2023. The amounts presented
          are gross carrying amounts for financial assets and the exposure to credit risk for the financial guarantee
          contracts.

          As at 31 December 2023

                                              12-month
                                                  ECLs                   Lifetime ECLs
                                                                                          Simplified
                                                Stage 1        Stage 2       Stage 3      approach          Total
                                               HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000


            Trade receivables*                        —              —             —      1,068,916     1,068,916
            Financial assets included
              in prepayments, other
              receivables and other
              assets — Normal**                  39,128              —             —              —        39,128
            Pledged deposits
              — not yet past due                 14,841              —             —              —         14,841
            Cash and cash equivalents
              — not yet past due               240,043               —             —              —      240,043


            Total                               294,012              —             —      1,068,916     1,362,928




142 Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2023
                 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                                  31 December 2023



38. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)

   Credit risk (Continued)
   Maximum exposure and year-end staging (Continued)

   As at 31 December 2022

                                                       12-month
                                                           ECLs                            Lifetime ECLs
                                                                                                                    Simplified
                                                          Stage 1             Stage 2             Stage 3           approach            Total
                                                         HK$’000             HK$’000             HK$’000             HK$’000          HK$’000


        Trade receivables*                                       —                    —                   —           686,954         686,954
        Financial assets included
          in prepayments, other
          receivables and other
          assets — Normal**                                16,734                     —                   —                   —         16,734
        Pledged deposits
          — not yet past due                             207,843                      —                   —                   —       207,843
        Cash and cash equivalents
          — not yet past due                             226,495                      —                   —                   —       226,495


        Total                                             451,072                     —                   —           686,954        1,138,026


   *       For trade receivables to which the Group applies the simplified approach for impairment, information based on the provision matrix is
           disclosed in note 20 to the financial statements.


   **      The credit quality of the financial assets included in prepayments, other receivables and other assets is considered to be “normal”
           when they are not past due and there is no information indicating that the financial assets had a significant increase in credit risk
           since initial recognition. Otherwise, the credit quality of the financial assets is considered to be “doubtful”.


   The credit risk of the Group’s other financial assets, which mainly comprise cash and cash equivalents,
   pledged deposits, other receivables and amounts due from and to related parties, arises from default of the
   counterparty, with a maximum exposure equal to the carrying amounts of these instruments. In addition,
   trade receivable are monitored on an ongoing basis and the Group’s exposure to bad debt is not significant.

   Further quantitative data in respect of the Group’s exposure to credit risk arising from trade receivables are
   disclosed in note 20 to the financial statements.

   At the end of the reporting period, the Group had certain concentrations of credit risk as 16.6% (2022:26.4%)
   and 52.4% (2022: 77.4%) of the Group’s trade receivables were due from the Group’s largest customer and
   five largest customers, respectively.




                                                                                     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 143
     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2023



     38. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)

          Liquidity risk
          The Group monitors its risk to a shortage of funds using a recurring liquidity planning tool. This tool considers
          the maturity of both its financial instruments and financial assets and projected cash flows from operations.

          The maturity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities as at the end of the reporting period, based on the
          contractual undiscounted payments, is as follows:

          2023

                                                               On             Within            Over
                                                           demand             1 year           1 year             Total
                                                          HK$’000           HK$’000          HK$’000           HK$’000


            Trade payables                                        —         450,875                 —          450,875
            Lease liabilities                                     —           8,780             5,396            14,176
            Convertible bonds                                     —           4,680           121,680          126,360
            Interest bearing borrowings                           —         193,048           516,599          709,647
            Financial liabilities included in other
              payables and accruals                          73,124                —                 —           73,124


            Total                                            73,124         657,383           643,675         1,374,182


          2022

                                                                On             Within            Over
                                                           demand              1 year           1 year           Total
                                                           HK$’000           HK$’000          HK$’000          HK$’000


            Trade payables                                        —          279,691                 —          279,691
            Lease liabilities                                     —           12,672             10,148          22,820
            Convertible bonds                                     —            4,680           126,360          131,040
            Interest bearing borrowings                           —          961,944            63,835        1,025,779
            Financial liabilities included in other
              payables and accruals                          43,055                —                 —           43,055


            Total                                            43,055        1,258,987          200,343         1,502,385




144 Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2023
             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                  31 December 2023



38. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)

   Capital management
   The primary objectives of the Group’s capital management are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as
   a going concern and to maintain healthy capital ratios in order to support its business and maximise
   shareholders’ value.

   The Group manages its capital structure and makes adjustments to it in light of changes in economic
   conditions and the risk characteristics of the underlying assets. To maintain or adjust the capital structure,
   the Group may adjust the dividend payment to shareholders, return capital to shareholders or issue new
   shares. The Group is not subject to any externally imposed capital requirements. No changes were made in
   the objectives, policies or processes for managing capital during the years ended 31 December 2023 and 31
   December 2022.

   The Group monitors capital using a gearing ratio, which is net debt divided by the total capital plus net debt.
   Net debt includes other borrowings and convertible bonds less cash and cash equivalents. Capital includes
   equity attributable to owners of the Company. The gearing ratios as at the end of the reporting periods were
   as follows:

                                                                                       As at             As at
                                                                                31 December       31 December
                                                                                       2023              2022
                                                                                    HK$’000           HK$’000


     Interest-bearing bank borrowing                                                 575,254         1,003,886
     Convertible bonds, the liability component                                      107,680            101,686
     Less: Cash and cash equivalents and pledged deposits                           (254,884)         (434,338)


     Net debt                                                                        428,050           671,234
     Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                   1,954,166        1,492,449


     Net debt and equity                                                            2,382,216        2,163,683


     Gearing ratio                                                                        18%              31%




                                                                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 145
     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2023



     39. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY

          Information about the statement of financial position of the Company at the end of the reporting period is as
          follows:

                                                                                             2023             2022
                                                                                          HK$’000           HK$’000


            NON-CURRENT ASSETS
            Investments in subsidiaries                                                    163,326           131,962


            CURRENT ASSETS
            Prepayments                                                                      2,124             3,284
            Due from subsidiaries                                                        2,567,359         1,637,966
            Cash and cash equivalents                                                       14,985             14,117


            Total current assets                                                         2,584,468         1,655,367


            CURRENT LIABILITIES
            Due to subsidiaries                                                            268,749          189,846
            Other payables and accruals                                                      4,961            8,717
            Convertible bonds                                                                4,680            4,680


            Total current liabilities                                                      278,390          203,243


            NET CURRENT ASSETS                                                           2,306,078         1,452,124


            TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                       2,469,404          1,584,086


            NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
            Interest-bearing borrowings                                                    443,951               —
            Convertible bonds                                                              103,000           97,006


            Total non-current liabilities                                                  546,951           97,006


            Net assets                                                                   1,922,453         1,487,080


            EQUITY
            Share capital                                                                      441               417
            Treasury shares                                                                (32,604)          (79,893)
            Reserves (note)                                                              1,954,616         1,566,556


            Total equity                                                                 1,922,453         1,487,080




146 Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2023
                NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                            31 December 2023



39. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY (Continued)

   Note:


   A summary of the Company’s reserves is as follows:


                                                                                Attributable to owners of the Company

                                                                                          Equity
                                                                                     component            Share
                                                           Share       Other       of convertible compensation      Accumulated
                                                        premium      reserve              bonds         reserve          losses         Total
                                                         HK$’000     HK$’000            HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000      HK$’000


     At 1 January 2022                                  1,414,421     199,151                 —          34,718          (81,625)   1,566,665


     Loss for the year                                         —          —                   —               —          (34,271)     (34,271)
     Issue of convertible bonds                                —          —                8,614              —               —         8,614
     Equity-settled share compensation arrangement         (8,823)        —                   —          34,371               —       25,548


     At 31 December 2022 and 1 January 2023             1,405,598     199,151              8,614         69,089         (115,896)   1,566,556
     Loss for the year                                         —          —                   —               —          (77,074)     (77,074)
     Issue of shares                                     471,835          —                   —               —               —      471,835
     Equity-settled share compensation arrangement          1,373         —                   —           (8,074)             —        (6,701)


     At 31 December 2023                                1,878,806     199,151              8,614          61,015        (192,970)   1,954,616




40. APPROVAL OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

   The financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 25 March
   2024.




                                                                                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 147
     FIVE YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY

     A summary of the results and of the assets, liabilities and non-controlling interests of the Group for the last five
     financial years, as extracted from the published audited financial statements and restated/reclassified as
     appropriate, is set out below.

                                                                     Year ended 31 December
                                                    2023           2022            2021          2020            2019
                                                 HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000


       Results

       Revenue                                 2,000,989       1,442,670        686,528        340,294         147,137

       Profit/(loss) before tax                    47,141         92,542         (14,876)        67,138        (63,310)

       Income tax (expense)/credit                (47,351)       (34,439)         (7,801)        14,049         14,658


       (Loss)/profit for the year                     (210)        58,103        (22,677)        81,187       (48,652)



     CONSOLIDATED ASSETS AND LIABILITIES AND NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS

                                                                        As at 31 December
                                                    2023           2022            2021          2020            2019
                                                 HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000


       Total assets                            3,506,108       3,260,325       1,770,150      1,153,538       903,009

       Total liabilities                       (1,366,296)     (1,586,690)     (233,827)      (364,672)      (629,679)

       Non-controlling interests                 (185,646)       (181,186)            —              —              —


       Total equity                             1,954,166      1,492,449      1,536,323        788,866        273,330




148 Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2023
                                                                                           DEFINITIONS

In this report, unless the context otherwise requires, the following expressions shall have the following meanings:

“Adviser”                       internal control review adviser

“AGM”                           annual general meeting

“Articles”                      the Company’s articles of association

“Audit Committee”               the audit committee of the Company

“Board”                         the board of Directors

“Bondholder”                    Lucion International Investment Limited, a company incorporated under the laws of
                                Hong Kong with limited liability

“CG Code”                       the corporate governance code as set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules

“Company”                       Vobile Group Limited, an exempted company incorporated with limited liability
                                under the laws of the Cayman Islands and the shares of which are listed on the
                                Stock Exchange

“CPD”                           continuous professional development

“Determination Date”            a date on which the exercisability of the Share Options is determined, which shall
                                be a day on which the Stock Exchange is open for trading

“Directors”                     the directors of the Company

“DTC”                           direct-to-consumer

“EBITDA”                        earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation

“FVTPL”                         fair value through profit or loss

“Group”                         the Company and its subsidiaries

“HK$” or “HKD”                  Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong

“Hong Kong”                     the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People’s Republic of China

“IAS”                           International Accounting Standards

“IFRS”                          International Financial Reporting Standards

“IP”                            Intellectual property

“Latest Practicable Date”       25 March 2024, being the latest practicable date prior to the publication of this
                                annual report for the purpose of ascertaining of certain information contained
                                therein

“Listing Rules”                 the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange

“Market Capitalisation of the   the lower of the six-month market capitalisation of the Company on the
  Company on a Determination    Determination Date or the thirty-day market capitalisation on the Determination
  Date”                         Date

“Market Capitalisation          the milestones for exercisability of the tranches of the share options comprising
  Milestone”                    the achievement of increases in Market Capitalisation of the Company on a
                                Determination Date in nine US$1 billion increments

“Model Code”                    the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers as set
                                out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules


                                                                                                        Definitions 149
     DEFINITIONS

     “Mr. Chan”                 Mr. CHAN Ching Yan Daniel

     “Mr. Chu”                  Mr. Alfred Tsai CHU

     “Mr. Eesley”               Mr. Charles Eric EESLEY

     “Mr. Ho”                   Mr. HO Sai Hong Vincent

     “Mr. Kwan”                 Mr. KWAN Ngai Kit

     “Mr. Matsuzawa”            Mr. MATSUZAWA Masaaki

     “Mr. Wargo”                Mr. J David WARGO

     “Mr. Wong”                 Mr. WONG Wai Kwan

     “Operational Milestones”   the vesting criteria for a tranche of the share option relating to annual revenue of
                                the Company on a Determination Date or annual adjusted EBITDA of the Company
                                on a Determination Date

     “Particle Technology”      Hangzhou Particle Culture Technology Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries and Hangzhou
                                New Particle Culture Technology Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries

     “PRC” or “China”           the People’s Republic of China. For the purposes of this annual report only and
                                except where the context requires otherwise, excludes Hong Kong, Macau and
                                Taiwan

     “Pre-IPO Share Option      the share option scheme of the Company adopted on 30 December 2016
       Scheme”

     “Post-IPO Share Option     the share option scheme of the Company adopted on 8 December 2017
       Scheme”

     “RMB” or “Renminbi”        the lawful currency of the PRC

     “SaaS”                     Software as a Service

     “SFO”                      the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong)

     “Share(s)”                 ordinary share(s) of US$0.000025 each in the share capital of the Company

     “Share Award Plan”         the share award plan adopted by the Company on 6 May 2019, as amended from
                                time to time

     “Stock Exchange”           The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

     “US$” or “USD”             the lawful currency of the United States

     “Vobile HK”                Vobile Group (HK) Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company




150 Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2023
