Vobile Group Limited 阜博集團有限公司   Annual Report 2022 年報
CONTENTS

    02   Corporate Information

    04   Chairman’s Statement

    06   Management Discussion and Analysis

    20   Directors and Senior Management

    24   Directors’ Report

    39   Corporate Governance Report

    50   Independent Auditor’s Report

    56   Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss

    57   Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive
         Income

    58   Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

    60   Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

    62   Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

    64   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

   145   Five Year Financial Summary

   146   Definitions
     CORPORATE INFORMATION

     EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                          NOMINATION COMMITTEE

     Mr. Yangbin Bernard WANG                     Mr. Alfred Tsai CHU (Chairperson)
      (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)      Mr. CHAN Ching Yan Daniel
     Mr. MATSUZAWA Masaaki                        Mr. Charles Eric EESLEY
                                                  Mr. KWAN Ngai Kit
                                                  Mr. Yangbin Bernard WANG
     NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

     Mr. J David WARGO                            REGISTERED OFFICE
     Mr. WONG Wai Kwan
     Mr. CHAN Ching Yan Daniel                    Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive
      (appointed on 30 June 2022)                 P.O. Box 2681
                                                  Grand Cayman KY1-1111
                                                  Cayman Islands
     INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE
     DIRECTORS
                                                  HEADQUARTERS AND PRINCIPAL PLACE
     Mr. Alfred Tsai CHU                          OF BUSINESS IN HONG KONG
     Mr. Charles Eric EESLEY
     Mr. KWAN Ngai Kit                            Suite 3712, 37/F
     Mr. CHAN King Man Kevin                      Tower 2, Times Square
      (retired on 30 June 2022)                   1 Matheson Street
                                                  Causeway Bay
                                                  Hong Kong
     COMPANY SECRETARY

     Mr. HO Sai Hong Vincent                      PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN THE US

                                                  2880 Lakeside Drive, Suite 360
     AUDIT COMMITTEE                              Santa Clara, CA 95054
                                                  United States
     Mr. KWAN Ngai Kit (Chairperson)
     Mr. Alfred Tsai CHU
     Mr. Charles Eric EESLEY                      PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN THE PRC
     Mr. J David WARGO
     Mr. WONG Wai Kwan                            Building 17-1, Headquarters Economy Park
                                                  for Alumni Corporation of Zhejiang University
                                                  397 Cangxing Street
     REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                       Yuhang District, Hangzhou

     Mr. Charles Eric EESLEY (Chairperson)
     Mr. Alfred Tsai CHU                          AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES
     Mr. KWAN Ngai Kit
     Mr. Yangbin Bernard WANG                     Mr. HO Sai Hong Vincent
     Mr. J David WARGO                            Mr. WONG Wai Kwan




02      Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                          CORPORATE INFORMATION

AUDITOR                                                 HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR
                                                        AND TRANSFER OFFICE
Ernst & Young
27/F, One Taikoo Place                                  Tricor Investor Services Limited
979 King’s Road                                         17/F, Far East Finance Centre
Quarry Bay, Hong Kong                                   16 Harcourt Road
                                                        Hong Kong

LEGAL ADVISERS
                                                        COMPANY WEBSITE
As to Hong Kong law:
Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer                          vobile.com
55th floor, One Island East
Taikoo Place, Quarry Bay, Hong Kong
                                                        STOCK CODE
As to US law:
Pillsbury Winthrop Shaw Pittman LLP                     3738
2550 Hanover Street,
Palo Alto, CA 94304-1115
United States

As to PRC law:
Fangda Partners
24/F, HKRI Centre Two, HKRI Taikoo Hui
288 Shi Men Yi Road
Shanghai 200041, China



PRINCIPAL BANKERS

The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited
Shanghai Pudong Development Bank Co., Ltd.



PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND
TRANSFER OFFICE

Conyers Trust Company (Cayman) Limited
Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive
P.O. Box 2681
Grand Cayman KY1-1111
Cayman Islands




                                                                                       Corporate Information 03
     CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT

     Dear Shareholders:

     2022 is the fifth year after Vobile went public. In the past five years, Vobile has committed to its mission of “making
     creative content more valuable”. We firmly believe in the prospects of the digital economy and continue to expand
     our core capabilities of digital rights identification. With the rapid evolution of global media ecosystem, we actively
     innovate to provide better digital asset protection and transaction services for content creators and rights holders.
     Vobile offers a combination of subscription and value-added SaaS services, forming a solid business model. Our
     total revenue has increased from 120 million HK dollars in 2018 to 1.44 billion HK dollars in 2022 with a compound
     annual growth rate of over 86%. We have achieved substantial growth in performance.

     Our foresight of the industry trends has been validated repeatedly by the results of our performance in the past
     five years. Following the media industry’s Direct-to-Consumer (DTC) trend, we have established as a leading
     provider of digital content asset protection and transaction services by focusing on the massive digital content
     industry. The continued transformation of the media industry has provided certainty for Vobile’s sustained growth
     in the future. We will continue to cooperate with major platforms and explore opportunities to take our business to
     the next level, becoming a crucial player in supporting more efficient distribution of creative content.

     With the development of the vibrant digital economy, Vobile’s service experience in digital content rights
     identification, data element management and digital asset distribution will produce vast growth potential in the
     future. The development of Web3 and AIGC has brought new changes to the production and distribution of
     creative content. It also provided more application scenarios for Vobile. When UGC (User-Generated-Content)
     became popular, it triggered widespread online copyright infringements. The deployment of digital content
     protection technology enabled UGC platforms to improve their business model and enhanced the digital content
     ecosystem to better realize the value of copyrights. Nowadays, the rapid rise of AIGC (AI Generated Content) will
     dramatically increase the production capacity of digital content, enable creators to focus more on their creativity,
     and spur new content monetisation business models. This highlights the importance of our digital rights
     identification and transaction technologies.

     During the past five years of growth, Vobile has broadened its development scope, expanded its business territory,
     and continued to grow its customer base. The long-term stable cooperation with top-tier content providers and
     platforms is an important foundation for our continued business growth. At the same time, Vobile has been
     tracking the market and industry trends worldwide. It remains ready to seize any good opportunities and make
     important acquisitions to accelerate the implementation of our strategy.

     The development of our business in China is particularly encouraging. The cooperation between Vobile and
     Particle Technology teams has produced significant synergy effect, creating a new engine for us to further expand
     our business in China.

     We chose to list on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and selected Hong Kong as our main capital platform. After
     five years of consistent efforts, Vobile has been included in the MSCI Index, Hang Seng Indexes, Shenzhen-Hong
     Kong Stock Connect and Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect. We have received numerous coverages and
     recognitions from research analysts and institutional investors, resulting in a significant increase in the
     shareholdings by institutional investors. As a result, our shareholders structure has been improved substantially.




04      Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                                 CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT

The rapid growth of an enterprise is based on its ability to help solve key problems in the industry. Our core value
proposition is to continuously create value for customers and investors. Vobile’s past performance is the best
validation of our strategy and execution.

In today’s world, more and more countries and regions have taken the creator economy as an integral part of
cutting-edge economies. The next five years will be a critical period for Vobile to realize its leapfrog in
development. And we are ready to make it happen.

Besides, we will actively practice corporate social responsibility, by giving what we take from the society back to
the society, and more.



THANK YOU

On behalf of the board of directors, I would like to thank our customers, shareholders and investors for their
continued trust and support, as well as all our employees, experts, consultants and business partners for their
dedication and excellent services. We will continue to pursue innovation and work hard pursuing our strategy, and
will reward our stakeholders with greater value creation.




Yangbin Bernard WANG
Chairman, Executive Director, and Chief Executive Officer
Vobile Group Limited

31 March 2023




                                                                                           Chairman’s Statement 05
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

     BUSINESS OVERVIEW

     1.    Company Overview
           Vobile Group Limited is a leading global provider of digital content asset protection and transaction software
           as a service (SaaS). Vobile develops a series of software services based on its core patented VDNA
           fingerprinting and watermarking technologies to protect copyrights and increase distribution revenue for
           digital content asset owners, such as movie studios, TV networks, and streaming platforms. The Group also
           offers digital infrastructure services for digital asset protection and transaction related in the Web3 era. The
           Group provides customers with efficient professional solutions through business models of subscription
           services and value-added services.

           Based on the accumulated core capabilities of digital rights identification, Vobile aims to build the essential
           technology infrastructure for digital content assets protection and transaction, promoting efficient value
           distribution across the ecosystem. We believe the protection and transaction of creative content have always
           been core to the value of the content industry, regardless of how distribution technologies and models have
           evolved. We provide technology and services that are integral to the industry, making creative content more
           valuable.

     2. Industry Ecosystem
           Over the past two decades, the digital content industry evolved from limited content distribution to
           interactive digital media distribution, and the demand for digital rights identification has been increasing due
           to the need for the protection of creative content and IP monetization. Given the context, Vobile has
           gradually developed its digital content asset protection and transaction capabilities based on the core
           capability of digital rights identification. Our product portfolio expanded from film and television content
           protection and distribution to the identification and monetization of diversified digital content, and services
           for emerging digital assets in the future.

           Within the trillion-dollar digital economy landscape, Vobile has always been focused on the digital content
           sector, with its robust economic value of IP and rapidly evolving digitalisation and economic models.
           According to a report on the digital economy, the total market size of the global entertainment and media
           industry grew by 10.4% in 2021, far exceeding the overall growth of the global economy. In 2022, the industry
           is expected to grow by 7.3% YoY to reach US$2.5 trillion with a CAGR of 4.6% to 2026. This developed and
           still growing ecosystem provides a positive environment for Vobile’s continuous growth.

           In the next five years, digital content is likely to gradually enter the “data element” stage, and the “data
           element” will become a new driver to facilitate significant innovation and productivity. In China, the digital
           economy has been highlighted as a core component of national strategy, and “data element” a key catalyst
           for economic growth. This provides Vobile a unique opportunity since we have been developing digital rights
           identification capabilities as a cored business since our founding, and the accurate identification of asset
           rights is the prerequisite for the sustainable development our industry. We anticipate that in the evolution
           and rapid development of “data elements”, every digital asset and “data element” will create needs for rights
           identification. Rights identification provides the prerequisite for every transaction. Therefore, Vobile is a
           critical and unique player in this ecosystem, with tremendous business opportunities.




06        Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

   Given the unprecedented opportunity, Vobile will play a more critical role in the ecosystem to empower the
   industry. As an independent third party in the industry, Vobile will continue to promote the distribution of
   digital assets in the ecosystem. With the continuous improvement of data service capability, Vobile will
   further deepen our penetration in client and content coverage and promote us as an essential participant in
   building the data-driven ecosystem.

3. Our Businesses
   Currently, our SaaS platform provides customers and partners with subscriptions and a variety of value-
   added products and services:

   Subscription Services
   Our subscription-based business model ensures long-term and stable relationships with the world’s top
   content platforms and holders, by providing IP protection services for content clients and platform clients.
   With our essential proprietary VDNA digital fingerprint and watermark technologies, we provide content rights
   identification and infringement filtering services to online video websites and platforms, empowering them to
   trace infringements under different scenarios for diverse content formats. We not only help content parties
   to trace infringements but also preserve timely and powerful evidence, by charging a customised
   subscription service fee according to our client’s needs.

   We continue to improve our subscription services to provide comprehensive copyright protection to content
   customers from streaming, user-generated content sites to NFT marketplaces. With the precision and
   efficiency of our protection ability, we are able to serve different types of content platforms across various
   content portfolios, such as movies, live events, sports, music and etc. Since 2021, we implemented a new
   protection business model in China by empowering the content platforms through our APIs. This helps us to
   quickly expand our local service and business scale coverage, accessing more content owners in China.

   Meanwhile, as our clients expand into proprietary streaming platforms, we saw an increase in the demand for
   relevant IP protection and developed customised direct-to-consumer (“DTC”) protection solutions to help our
   clients address more demographics. In 2022, the revenue from Vobile’s subscription services was
   approximately HK$549 million, representing an increase of approximately 166.8% as compared to 2021,
   accounting for 38.1% of the total revenue.

   Value-added Services
   We have established long-term relationships with major Hollywood studios, TV networks, streaming
   platforms, and other content holders through our subscription services. With the growth of most important
   global clients, we leverage our IP protection technology to drive diverse value-added services and help them
   maximise the value of their IPs. Through enhancing our coverage of clients’ content assets and expanding
   our portfolio of value-added services, we continue to monetize our client’s creative content and reclaim
   revenue on more different platforms. For example:

   •    As our clients distribute their content on social media platforms, such as YouTube, Instagram, and
        Facebook, Vobile identifies and monetizes instances of user-uploaded IP on these platforms through
        proprietary claiming technology and services and expanding the influence of our clients’ IPs.




                                                                      Management Discussion and Analysis 07
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

       •    If our clients distribute their content on video-on-demand platforms, such as IPTV and OTT platforms in
            China, Vobile could provide local resources and services to distribute the content to over 130 platforms.

       •    With the upgrade of exploration and innovation of major clients, Vobile also actively works side by side
            with them to develop our portfolio to address their evolving needs. As clients are exploring unique ways
            to engage with their customers through NFT and Web3, Vobile will leverage our industrial advantages
            and resources to create new products for them. As our clients experiment with blockchain solutions to
            distribute content and market their IPs to unique demographics, we could utilise our research and
            development capabilities to support their transformation.

       During the reporting period, the revenue from Vobile’s value-added services was approximately HK$892
       million, representing 61.8% of our total revenue and an increase of 85.6% as compared with the revenue of
       our value-added services in 2021. We envision our service and product portfolio will continue to grow as the
       digital content industry grows.

       Sustained Strong Growth in Our Major Business Regions
       In the challenging year of 2022, Vobile was able to achieve a total revenue of HK$1,443 million, with an
       annual growth rate of about 110.1%. The adjusted EBITDA for the year was HK$299 million, representing an
       annual increase of approximately 163.9%. Revenue from China reached approximately HK$698 million and
       increased by about 319.8%, accounting for about 48.4% of the total revenue. The strong combination of
       Particle Technology and Vobile has become an important catalyst and greatly enhanced Vobile’s execution
       and implementation of our strategy in China.

       During the year, Vobile established new partnerships with leading content providers and content platforms in
       China as the synergies of powerful content distribution and edge computing business gradually took effect.
       We continued our solid performance in the US market, with the regional revenues amounting to approximately
       HK$740 million in 2022, representing a year-on-year growth of approximately 43.6% and a share of total
       revenues of approximately 51.3%. During the period, we continued to work steadily with leading content
       providers around the world and consistently provided them with quality services. The consistent and strong
       client stickiness in our business demonstrates the continued trust and the recognition our client’s place in
       Vobile’s products and services.

       Completed the Acquisition and Integration of Particle
       After the completion of the acquisition on 9 May 2022, Vobile Group and Particle Technology rapidly
       completed integration in the team, product, technology, operation, and other aspects to jointly promote
       technology and product innovation and enhance the development in the China market.

       On the technology level, Vobile and Particle Technology integrated our technology and capabilities to provide
       industry solutions and serve digital content platforms. By developing and improving our product portfolio, we
       aim to enhance the competitiveness of our products across the board. Regarding content platform
       expansion, we developed cooperation with various major internet video platforms, radio and television
       operators to connect more featured content targeting the younger Gen Z demographic. We also developed
       new products and launched the converged video cloud service, “Mingjing Cloud”, and deepened our
       partnerships with major telecom operators to further improve the product offerings and enhance our
       converged video services competitiveness.




08    Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

4. Research and Development
     We continue to reiterate core patented technologies such as VDNA and watermarks, and improve the
     precision and accuracy of infringement identification. At the same time, to catch up with the trend of Web3
     and Artificial Intelligence development, Vobile is working with major partners to carry out technology research
     and development, exploring new applications and technologies in the protection and transaction of digital
     content assets, rights identification, and transaction platforms, deepening our technological advantages and
     increasing our competitive advantages.

5. Environmental, Social and Governance Responsibilities
     Vobile has always emphasised and actively fulfilled its corporate social responsibilities. In 2022, Vobile
     devotedly promoted social welfare. As a year-round sponsor of Hong Kong’s leading charity, Po Leung Kuk,
     Vobile is committed to providing concern and care for minorities, creating a harmonic society for the
     disabled, the elderly and the young, as well as promoting post-pandemic societal development.

     At the same time, Vobile leveraged our resources and strengths to actively participate in cultural and
     technological universal education. We participated in charity projects in cooperation with organisations,
     including the Zhejiang Women’s and Children’s Foundation, China Resources Group, and the Hong Kong
     Federation of Education Workers, to popularise the concept of Web3. We led thousands of students of all
     ages to experience the brand-new digital culture and create through technology, encouraging more
     teenagers and adolescents to participate in innovations.



Strategy and Prospects

Vobile’s mission is to make creative content more valuable. We aim to provide a full suite of solutions for content
rights holders to maximise the value of their IPs. In the continuous process of business promotion and value
creation, Vobile will play an increasingly critical role in the development of the digital content ecosystem.

Our strategic growth priorities are:

1.   The demand for digital rights identification services for content transaction and
     distribution continues to explode.
     The breakthroughs in Internet communication technology have promoted a revolutionary change in the
     dissemination of information. The production and consumption of digital content experienced explosive
     growth, which has brought a significant growing demand of digital content rights identification and
     transactions.

     During the evolvement of the digital content industry from limited content distribution to interactive media
     distribution, Vobile has always been building its core technical capabilities in digital rights identification,
     which can effectively improve the efficiency of digital content distribution and lower the distribution barriers.
     The capabilities protect the rights of creative content owners and enable creative content to achieve a
     greater realisation of value.




                                                                          Management Discussion and Analysis 09
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

        More importantly, the high level of industry digitalisation has resulted in changes in business models, and the
        direct-to-customer (DTC) model has demonstrated stronger competitiveness. In comparison to the traditional
        business model, the DTC model breaks through many original limitations and more closely connects the
        producers with the consumers. The DTC model was first proven in the e-commerce industry as brand owners
        accelerate and complete the transactions of a large number of goods efficiently through the DTC business
        model, thus making e-commerce a nonnegligible part of the global economy. We believe the DTC model has
        the same potential in the digital content industry. By reducing the intermediaries, the DTC model will drive
        more efficient content distribution and transactions for more creative content, further activating the creative
        economy. Vobile will play an essential role as a service provider in digital content rights identification and
        transaction infrastructure based on our core capabilities.

        In the last few years, the rapid rise of streaming media has proven the DTC business model as an industry
        trend. Streaming media has continuously attracted and acquired more traditional TV users given its
        advantages such as convenience, content diversity, and more options. Vobile’s technology and services can
        ensure the exclusivity of content distribution to avoid loss of viewers, which is critical to the revenue
        protection and customer retention of DTC platforms.

        Based on Vobile’s core technology, we provide customers with one-stop digital content rights identification
        and transaction solutions of digital rights identification, and will steadily complete its transformation into a
        service provider of digital content rights identification and transaction infrastructure. By evolving with the
        industry simultaneously, Vobile empowers ecosystem development and continues to satisfy our clients’
        emerging demands, opening up a greater opportunity.

     2. The fast development of China’s digital culture industry creates an increasingly
        favourable industrial environment
        In China, the digital content industry is also developing vigorously, with a prosperous content production
        ecosystem and a large content consumption demand. The demand for digital content rights identification,
        distribution, transaction, and monetization is becoming more and more urgent. Vobile has quickly identified
        emerging market opportunities and will continue to capture those.

        In January 2022, the Chinese State Council released the Plan for Development of the Digital Economy during
        the “14th Five-Year”. The plan stressed the importance of the digital economy as a national strategy. Within
        the year, the implementation of a series of policies was accelerated to support the development of the
        Chinese digital economy. “Data element” is regarded as the core for digital economy development regarding
        the dominant value of data in driving productivity. In December of the same year, the issue of the Twenty
        Data Measures established the fundamental structure of the data infrastructure system for the first time and
        provided a long-term blueprint for the development of “data elements” and the empowerment of economic
        development. These policies have created a favourable environment for the development of the industry and
        proved that Vobile’s strategy in digital content assets is a historical choice, demonstrating Vobile’s unique
        foresight in strategic development.

        According to statistics on the scale of data in China, the country would be the fastest growing region in
        terms of data volume, with the increase in internet users and the rate of digital infrastructure penetration.
        The expected increase rate is 30% per year, from 7.6 ZB (approximately 23.4% of the global share) in 2018 to
        48.6 ZB (approximately 27.8% of the global share) in 2025, and China would become the largest data region
        in the world.




10     Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                             MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

   However, the value of the data itself is limited. Only by ongoing distribution, aggregation, and processing of
   data, the value of data could be realised. Vobile will be benefited from data rights protection, profit
   distribution, and other potential opportunities brought by it. As a leading player in digital content assets
   transaction and monetization, Vobile is equipped with outstanding service capabilities to build the digital
   infrastructure required for data management. Vobile also has rich service experience in rights identification,
   data management, and digital asset distribution to maximise the value of customers’ digital rights and protect
   them from infringements. Especially in the area of digital content transactions, we will continue to explore
   and empower content transaction platforms with our essential technologies and to innovate new
   monetization models of content transaction and licensing based on IP derivative work. Vobile hopes to
   provide a new technology service and business model to connect industry stakeholders including content
   owners, content transaction platforms, creators, and monetization platforms.

   Vobile enjoys an inherited advantage to participate in the data elements industry given that we have the
   world’s largest VDNA database authorised by content owners. Based on rich multi-dimensional data, we will
   empower creator platforms. We aim to maximise the value of audiovisual data and to improve the productivity
   of content creators. With support from policies and accelerated industrial development, Vobile will better
   grasp the unprecedented opportunity and continue to explore business innovations while achieving our own
   leap and upgrade.

3. Drive Cutting Edge Product Development Adaptation to Emerging Technologies
   and Platforms
   As the world gradually moves towards the era of Web3, an immense spectrum of information, data, and
   digital assets will be distributed more rapidly and freely with minimal costs. Thus, content creators will face
   new production and distribution landscapes and business models, as well as new value distribution policies.
   Faced with the new and evolving landscape, Vobile will continue to establish partnerships and serve the
   world’s leading content creators and stand at the forefront of pioneering applications of Web3 technologies
   to refine technical algorithms and strengthen business adaptability. Together with our clients, Vobile is
   exploring and developing new applications and possibilities of digital asset protection and transaction in
   Web3 based on the valuable mutual trust established with creators, so as to strengthen Vobile’s digital
   infrastructure service. We seek to upgrade creators’ service experience, help the industry’s innovation and
   development, and maximise digital content assets’ value.

   The development of virtual assets (“VA”) in Hong Kong also presents significant development opportunities.
   Earlier, Hong Kong Financial Services and the Treasury Bureau published a policy statement on the
   development of virtual assets in Hong Kong and the Hong Kong Government is positive and open to service
   providers engaged in the virtual asset industry worldwide. There are also a large number of premier content
   companies in the virtual reality industry. The relevant policy support from Hong Kong Government will further
   confirm the value of Vobile in digital asset infrastructure, especially with its capability in digital content rights
   identification, and unleash the potential of digital content value.




                                                                           Management Discussion and Analysis 11
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

        In terms of the AIGC area, which has received widespread market attention, human creativity is still the main
        subject protected by copyright law for a foreseeable period of time. The industry has begun to address the
        risks associated with AIGC’s copyright infringements of human original content. The infrastructure service
        capabilities provided by Vobile are necessary. At the same time, the development of AIGC has also promoted
        the explosive growth of creative content, bringing more industry opportunities to Vobile. In addition, we are
        actively carrying out exploration and research in related fields with industry-leading partners.

     4. Expand Product Portfolio for Value-added Services and New Products
        Enhancements
        We are fully leverage our leading technology and operational experiences in serving our global IP customers.
        By partnering with industry partners, we aim to build a one-stop service platform to distribute Chinese IPs
        globally, providing a full suite of services to enable the distribution and growth of Chinese IP and culture to
        be shared globally. Vobile aims to empower small and medium-sized individual creators and content creation
        platforms to build a global content distribution ecosystem for different IPs.

        Globally, leading social media platforms such as YouTube have started to explore different digital content
        business models, such as e-commerce, short videos, and live-stream commerce, in addition to advertising.
        These innovations, coupled with the vast amount of content being created, will drive new possibilities for
        Vobile’s existing and future suite of products and services. Vobile is actively engaged with major platforms
        and committed to cultivating new products and value-added services in order to maintain our position as a
        leading solution provider for clients and platforms.

        With the end of the pandemic in sight, we are confident and well-positioned for continuous growth in 2023
        and beyond. We will continue strengthening our standing as a global industry leader and continue to navigate
        the profound and exciting changes in the industry, fully embracing our vision and mission of “making creative
        content more valuable”.




12     Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                             MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

FINANCIAL REVIEW

Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss Highlights
                                                                                       2022             2021
                                                                                    HK$’000          HK$’000


 Revenue                                                                           1,442,670         686,528
 Gross profit                                                                        590,712         348,771
 Profit/(loss) before tax                                                             92,542          (14,876)
 Profit/(loss) for the year                                                           58,103          (22,677)
 Non-IFRS Adjusted Net Profit                                                         89,896           63,600
 Non-IFRS Adjusted EBITDA                                                            299,464          113,474


Non-IFRS Adjusted Net Profit
Adjusted Net Profit is earnings before equity settled share option expenses and other one-off expenses. This is
not a IFRSs measure. Adjusted net profit is presented exclusively as a supplemental disclosure because our
Directors believe that it is widely used to measure the performance, and as a basis for valuation. The Group has
presented this item because the Group considers it an important supplemental measure of the Group’s operational
performance used by the Group’s management as well as analysts or investors.

                                                                                       2022             2021
                                                                                    HK$’000          HK$’000


 Profit/(loss) for the year                                                           58,103          (22,677)
 Add/(less):
   Equity-settled share compensation expense                                          52,554           67,387
   Transaction costs for acquisition of subsidiaries                                   3,240           14,262
   Changes in fair value of investment properties                                     (6,962)            (447)
   Changes in fair value of financial assets at FVTPL                                (17,039)           5,075


 Adjusted Net Profit                                                                  89,896           63,600




                                                                       Management Discussion and Analysis 13
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

     Non-IFRS Adjusted EBITDA
     Adjusted EBITDA is earnings before finance costs, finance revenues, income taxes, depreciation and amortisation,
     equity settled share option expenses, and other one-off expenses. This is not a IFRSs measure. Adjusted EBITDA
     is presented exclusively as a supplemental disclosure because our Directors believe that it is widely used to
     measure the performance, and as a basis for valuation. Our Group has presented this item because our Group
     considers it an important supplemental measure of our Group’s operational performance used by our Group’s
     management as well as analysts or investors.

     The following table sets forth a quantitative reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to its most directly comparable IFRS
     measurement and profit/(loss) before tax.

                                                                                               2022              2021
                                                                                            HK$’000           HK$’000


       Profit/(loss) before tax                                                               92,542           (14,876)
       Add/(less):
         Depreciation and amortisation                                                        86,222           23,449
         Equity-settled share compensation expense                                            52,554           67,387
         Bank interest income                                                                 (4,549)           (1,615)
         Finance costs                                                                        92,772           20,174
         Impairment on financial assets                                                          684                65
         Transaction costs for acquisition of subsidiaries                                     3,240           14,262
         Changes in fair value of investment properties                                       (6,962)            (447)
         Changes in fair value of financial assets at FVTPL                                  (17,039)           5,075


       Adjusted EBITDA                                                                      299,464            113,474


     Revenue
     The following table shows our revenue breakdown by each product in our subscription-based SaaS business and
     transaction-based SaaS business:

                                                                                               2022              2021
                                                                                            HK$’000           HK$’000


       Subscription services                                                                549,005           205,786
       Value-added services                                                                 892,107           480,742
       Others                                                                                 1,558                —


       Total revenue                                                                       1,442,670          686,528




14      Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                              MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Our revenue in 2022 amounted to approximately HK$1,443 million, representing an increase of approximately
HK$756 million, or approximately 110.1% as compared with the revenue of 2021 of approximately HK$687 million.
The increase was mainly attributed by (a) continued growth in our business in the US; and (b) the expansion of our
business in the Mainland China, driven by strategic and commercial partnerships.

Gross profit and gross profit margin
Our gross profit in 2022 amounted to approximately HK$591 million, representing an increase of approximately
HK$242 million as compared to 2021 of approximately HK$349 million. Our gross profit margin decreased from
50.8% in 2021 to 40.9% in 2022. The decrease in gross profit margin was mainly due to the acquisition of Particle
Technology during the year which yield a lower gross profit margin than the other businesses.

Selling and marketing expenses
Our selling and marketing expenses in 2022 amounted to approximately HK$152 million, representing an increase
of approximately HK$54 million as compared to 2021 of approximately HK$98 million. The increase was mainly due
to the increase of sales and marketing initiatives during the year.

Administrative expenses
Our administrative expenses in 2022 amounted to approximately HK$163 million, representing an increase of
approximately HK$34 million as compared to 2021 of approximately HK$129 million. The increase was mainly due
to the incurrence of transaction costs for the acquisition of Particle Technology and the additional administrative
expenses from Particle Technology following the completion of acquisition during the year.

Research and development expenses
Our research and development expenses in 2022 amounted to approximately HK$133 million, representing an
increase of approximately HK$21 million as compared to 2021 of approximately HK$112 million. The increase was
mainly due to the increase of research and development activities in the current year.

Other income and gains
In 2022, other income mainly consisted of fair value gain on investment properties, financial assets at FVTPL and
government grants. In 2021, other income mainly consisted of bank interest income.

Finance costs
Finance costs mainly consisted of interest expense on convertible bonds and interest-bearing borrowings of
approximately HK$92 million and interest expense on lease liabilities of approximately HK$1 million.

Income tax expense
Our income tax expense mainly comprised of tax expense in the Mainland China and deferred tax expense.

Profit/(loss) for the year
The profit for 2022 amounted to approximately HK$58 million, representing an increase of profit of approximately
HK$81 million as compared to the loss for 2021 of approximately HK$23 million. The increase in profit was mainly
attributable to the continued growth in our business in the US and the expansion of our business in the Mainland
China, driven by strategic and commercial partnerships.




                                                                        Management Discussion and Analysis 15
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

     Basic earnings per share for 2022 was approximately HK$0.0198 (basic loss per share for 2021: HK$0.0119) and
     diluted earnings per share for 2022 was approximately HK$0.0196 (diluted loss per share for 2021: HK$0.0119).

     Dividends
     The Board does not recommend any payment of dividends for 2022 (2021: nil).

     Consolidated Statement of Financial Position Highlights
                                                                                               2022              2021
                                                                                            HK$’000           HK$’000


       Total assets                                                                       3,260,325          1,770,150
       Total liabilities                                                                  1,586,690           233,827
       Net assets                                                                         1,673,635         1,536,323
       Total equity                                                                       1,673,635         1,536,323


     Goodwill
     Our goodwill amounted to HK$1,184 million as at 31 December 2022, representing an increase of HK$577 million
     as compared to 31 December 2021 of HK$607 million. Goodwill is tested for impairment periodically and no
     impairment loss is considered necessary as at 31 December 2022. The increase was attributable to the acquisition
     of Particle Technology.

     Intangible assets
     Our intangible assets amounted to HK$388 million as at 31 December 2022, representing an increase of HK$277
     million as compared to 31 December 2021 of HK$111 million. The increase was attributable to the acquisition of
     Particle Technology.

     Interest-bearing borrowings
     On 2 April 2022, Vobile HK entered a senior facility (the “Senior Facility”) agreement and a mezzanine facility (the
     “Mezzanine Facility”) agreement with The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited (“HSBC”) as the
     arranger and agent for loan amount of US$75 million and US$52.5 million, respectively. The Senior Facility was
     drawn on 21 April 2022, bear interest at secured overnight financing rate plus three point seven five percent to
     five point seven five percent and is fully repayable on 29 September 2023. The Mezzanine Facility was drawn on
     21 April 2022, bear interest at secured overnight financing rate plus nine percent and is fully repayable on 2 July
     2024. The interest-bearing borrowings are secured by the shares, intellectual properties, trade receivables and
     bank balances of all material subsidiaries of the Group.

     Convertible bonds
     On 16 August 2022, the Company issued convertible bonds in the aggregate principal amount of HK$117,000,000,
     with an initial conversion price of HK$5.32 per Share, to the Bondholder. The convertible bonds are convertible
     into Shares of the Company.




16      Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

LIQUIDITY AND FINANCIAL RESOURCES

Working capital
As of 31 December 2022, our cash and cash equivalents and pledged deposits in aggregate amounted to
approximately HK$434 million, representing a decrease of HK$63 million as compared to 2021 of approximately
HK$497 million. As of 31 December 2022, our current ratio, which is equivalent to the current assets divided by
the current liabilities, was 1.2 times as compared with 4.3 times as at 31 December 2021.

Significant investments, acquisitions and disposal
We did not have any significant investment nor material disposal during 2022.

Capital expenditures
In 2022, our capital expenditures primarily included purchases of property, plant and equipment, investment
properties and intangible assets. The amount of our capital expenditures in 2022 was HK$123 million.

Foreign exchange exposure
In light of the nature of our business, we are exposed to various foreign currencies, among which, USD and RMB
are mostly used apart from HK$. To minimise the impact of foreign currency rate volatility, we monitor foreign
currency risk at operational level closely on an ongoing basis to ensure that the net exposure is at an acceptable
level.

Gearing ratio
Our Group monitors capital using gearing ratio, which is net external debt divided by the capital (equity attributable
to owners of the Company) plus net debt. Net debt includes convertible bonds and interest-bearing borrowings,
less cash and cash equivalents. As of 31 December 2022, our gearing ratio, calculated as net debt divided by the
equity attributable to owners of the Company plus net debt, was 31%. As of 31 December 2021, our gearing ratio,
calculated as net debt divided by the capital (equity attributable to owners of the Company) plus net debt, was
not applicable as our balance of cash and cash equivalents exceeded the balance of net external debt.

Contingent liabilities, off balance sheet commitments and arrangements and pledge
of assets
As of 31 December 2022, we did not have (i) any material contingent liabilities or guarantees, (ii) any liabilities
under acceptance trade receivables or acceptable credits, debentures, mortgages, charges, finance leases or hire
purchase commitments, guarantee material covenants, or other material contingent liabilities, (iii) any material off-
balance sheet arrangements, or (iv) any unutilised banking facilities.




                                                                          Management Discussion and Analysis 17
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

     Use of proceeds from convertible bonds and subscription of shares
     In May 2021, the Company completed the placement of 21,500,000 Shares and raised net proceeds of
     approximately HK$630 million. As at 31 December 2021, the Company has utilised HK$249 million of the net
     proceeds as intended. As at 31 December 2022, the Company had fully utilised the net proceeds as intended. The
     table below sets out the details of actual usage of the net proceeds as at 31 December 2022.

                                                  Net proceeds                   Net proceeds
                                                 utilised during Unutilised net utilised during Unutilised net
                                        Initial the year ended proceeds as at the year ended proceeds as at Expected
      Intended use of               intended 31 December 31 December 31 December 31 December timeline of
        proceeds                   allocation              2021           2021            2022           2022 full utilisation
                                 (HK$ million)     (HK$ million)  (HK$ million)   (HK$ million)  (HK$ million)


      Investment in technology           284              112             172              172               — N/A
      Global expansion of the
        Group’s customers                221               91             130              130               — N/A
      General corporate
        purposes                         125              46               79              79                — N/A


                                         630              249             381              381               —


     On 16 August 2022, the Company issued convertible bonds in the aggregate principal amount of HK$117,000,000,
     raised net proceeds of HK$106 million. As at 31 December 2022, the Company has utilised HK$84 million of the
     net proceeds as intended. The table below sets out the details of actual usage of the net proceeds as at 31
     December 2022.

                                                                           Net proceeds
                                                                          utilised during Unutilised net
                                                                 Initial the year ended proceeds as at Expected
                                                             intended 31 December 31 December timeline of
      Intended use of proceeds                              allocation              2022           2022 full utilisation
                                                          (HK$ million)     (HK$ million)  (HK$ million)


      Investment in technology relating to                          69                47                22 On or before
        (i) digital asset protection and digital asset                                                      31 December
        transactions, and/or (ii) software as a service                                                     2023
        (SaaS) relating to YouTube shopping
      General working capital                                       37                37                 — N/A


                                                                   106                84                22




18     Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICY

As at 31 December 2022, we employed a total of 572 staff (as at 31 December 2021: 293 staff). Salaries, bonuses
and benefits are determined with reference to market terms and performance, qualifications and experience of
each individual employee, and are subject to review from time to time.

The remuneration of the Directors is reviewed by the remuneration committee of the Company and approved by
the Board. The relevant Director’s experience, duties and responsibilities, time commitment, the Company’s
performance and the prevailing market conditions are taken into consideration in determining the emolument of
the Directors.



FINAL DIVIDEND

The Board does not recommend the payment of a final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2022.



EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

Completion of placing of new shares
On 7 February 2023, an aggregate of 114,127,000 new Shares have been allotted and issued to no less than six
placees at the subscription price of HK$4.12 per Share. The placing shares represent approximately 5.11% of the
issued share capital of the Company as enlarged by the placing. The net proceeds to the Group from the placing
are approximately HK$463,653,000. The Group intends to use the net proceeds for repayment of interest-bearing
borrowings in order to further position the balance sheet for strategic growth and financial flexibility. Please refer
to the Company’s announcements dated 31 January 2023 and 8 February 2023 for further details.

Silicon Valley Bank incident
The Board noted that the Silicon Valley Bank (“SVB”) was closed on 10 March 2023 by the California Department
of Financial Protection and Innovation, which appointed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (“FDIC”) as
receiver. The Group took necessary measures timely to minimise potential impact of the situation. As of the date
of this annual report, the Group holds less than US$250,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$1,962,500) total
cash balance in aggregate across multiple accounts with SVB. Because SVB is an FDIC-insured bank, deposits are
insured up to at least US$250,000 per depositor, per FDIC-insured bank, per ownership category. As a result, the
Group has no risk of any potential loss of its cash deposits at SVB. Please refer to the Company’s announcement
dated 13 March 2023 for additional information.

Repayment of interest-bearing borrowings
On 29 March 2023, the Group has drawn an interest-bearing borrowing of US$60,000,000 (equivalent to
approximately HK$471,000,000) from a multi-national financial institution and the Group’s interest-bearing
borrowing of HK$1,003,886,000 as at 31 December 2022 had been fully repaid, mainly by utilising the proceeds
from the placing of new shares on 7 February 2023 and proceeds from the financing on 29 March 2023.




                                                                          Management Discussion and Analysis 19
     DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

     EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

     Mr. Yangbin Bernard WANG (“Mr. Wang”), aged 54, is an executive Director, the chairman of our Board and our
     chief executive officer. He is also a member of our nomination committee and remuneration committee. Being the
     founder of our Group, Mr. Wang joined our Group as the chief executive officer on 20 May 2005 when our first
     subsidiary Vobile, Inc. was established. He has been leading our Group for over 15 years, and has been responsible
     for corporate vision, product strategy and development, business development and operations of our Group since
     its founding. Mr. Wang obtained a Master of Science in Electrical Engineering from the University of Florida,
     Gainesville, United States in August 1993. He graduated with a Bachelor’s degree in Engineering from Zhejiang
     University in Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province, the PRC in July 1991.

     Mr. MATSUZAWA Masaaki (“Mr. Matsuzawa”), aged 50, is an executive Director since June 2021. He is currently
     the President of Strategy and Investments. From 2014 to 2021, Mr. Matsuzawa served as the Senior Vice President
     of Global Strategy at the National Basketball Association (“NBA”) and Chief Strategy Office for NBA China. In 2001
     to 2014, Mr. Matsuzawa was a Managing Director at Goldman Sachs, where he was an investment banker from
     2001 to 2014 in New York and Hong Kong offices, specialising in merged, acquisitions and financings. While at
     Goldman Sachs, Mr. Matsuzawa held numerous leadership positions such as Chief Operating Officer of the Asia
     Mergers & Acquisitions Group as well as the Co-Head of the Asia Industrials Investment Banking Group. Mr.
     Matsuzawa graduated with a Masters in Business Administration from the Wharton School at the University of
     Pennsylvania in 2001, and a Bachelor of Art in Economics (Cum Laude) from Washington University in St. Louis in
     1994.



     NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

     Mr. CHAN Ching Yan Daniel (“Mr. Chan”), aged 61, is a non-executive Director since June 2022. He is also a
     member of our nomination committee. He has been serving Po Leung Kuk since 2010 and becomes the Chairman
     of Po Leung Kuk 2022-2023 terms and is currently appointed as an advisor. Mr. Chan is currently the Chairman of
     the Board of Trustees of the Lord Wilson Heritage Trust, HKSAR, a member of the Independent Police Complaints
     Council (IPCC), HKSAR, a member of the Advisory Committee of Admission of Quality Migrants and Professionals,
     Immigration Department of the HKSAR, a Governing Committee Member of The Hong Kong Polytechnic University
     Foundation, an Honorary Director of The University of Hong Kong Foundation, a standing/executive director of
     Hong Kong Chiu Chow Chamber of Commerce, a member of the Chinese Entrepreneurs Organization and the
     founder and Managing Director of Paragon International Ltd. In July 2019, Mr. Chan was awarded the Medal of
     Honour (MH) by the Government of the Hong Kong Special Administration Region in recognition of his dedicated
     public and community service, particularly his valuable contributions to charitable work and committees related to
     immigration matters. In 2015, Mr. Chan received the 14th World Outstanding Chinese Award granted by the World
     Chinese Business Investment Foundation. Mr. Chan obtained a Bachelor of Science in Computer Science from The
     University of Western Ontario, Canada in June 1983 and an Honorary Doctorate Degree in Business Administration
     conferred by Sabi University in September 2015.




20      Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                     DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Mr. J David WARGO (“Mr. Wargo”), aged 69, is a non-executive Director since January 2017. He is also a member
of our audit committee and remuneration committee. In 1993, Mr. Wargo founded Wargo & Company, Inc., where
he currently serves as President. Mr. Wargo has over 40 years of experience in the telecommunications, media,
and technology industries. Since March 2015, Mr. Wargo has been a director of Liberty Broadband Corporation
(NASDAQ: LBRDA). Since August 2014, Mr. Wargo has been a director of Liberty TripAdvisor Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ:
LTRPA). From September 2008 through April 2022, he was a director of Discovery Communications, Inc. (NASDAQ:
DISCA). Since June 2005, Mr. Wargo has been a director of Liberty Global plc (NASDAQ: LBTYK). From May 2005
to September 2008, he served as a director of Discovery Holding Company. From August 2002 to June 2007, Mr.
Wargo served as a director of OpenTV Corp. From 2001 until 2019 he served as a director he served as a director
of Strayer Education, Inc. (NASDAQ: STRA). Mr. Wargo graduated with a Masters in Management from the Sloan
School of Management at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Cambridge, Massachusetts, United States in
1978, and a Masters in Engineering majoring in nuclear engineering in 1976. He has also obtained a Bachelor of
Science majoring in Physics from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in Cambridge, Massachusetts, United
States in 1976.

Mr. WONG Wai Kwan (“Mr. Wong”), aged 55, is a non-executive Director since June 2017. He is also a member of
our audit committee. From December 2011 to June 2016, Mr. Wong served as the General Manager of the Financial
Audit Department and the Managing Director of the Internal Audit Department of Shanghai Fosun High Technology
(Group) Co., Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Fosun International Limited (Stock Code: 00656). From August
1992 to March 2000, Mr. Wong was employed by Ernst & Young and his last position was Manager in its Assurance
Department. Mr. Wong has over 30 years of experience in finance, accounting, and financial management.
Currency, Mr. Wong is an independent non-executive director of Starlight Culture Entertainment Group Limited
(Stock Code: 01159) and Green Economy Development Limited (Stock Code: 01315). Mr. Wong is a fellow member
of Certified Practising Accountants (Australia), a member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
Accountants and a member of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants. Mr. Wong graduated with a
Master of Business Administration from Washington University in St. Louis, Missouri, United States in December
2009. He obtained a Bachelor of Arts with Honours in Accountancy from the City University of Hong Kong in Hong
Kong in November 1992.



INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. Alfred Tsai CHU (“Mr. Chu”), aged 48, is an independent non-executive Director since June 2020. He is also
the chairman of our nomination committee and a member of our audit committee and remuneration committee. Mr.
Chu is the Founding Partner of Starlite Investment Group since 2010. From 2015 to 2017, Mr. Chu is the founder of
Starlite Investment Group and has worked with several venture capital firms for the last two decades including
Yimei Capital, IPV Capital, Tiandi Capital, and Panasonic Venture Capital. Mr. Chu completed his Master of
Business Administration in Finance from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania in 2006 and his
Bachelor of Science in Business Administration from the University of California, Berkeley in 1996.




                                                                           Directors and Senior Management 21
     DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

     Mr. Charles Eric EESLEY (“Mr. Eesley”), aged 43, is an independent non-executive Director since December
     2017. He is also the chairman of our remuneration committee and a member of our audit committee and
     nomination committee. Mr. Eesley has over ten years of experience in education and research focusing on
     technology and entrepreneurship. Since 2009, Mr. Eesley has worked at Stanford University, and is currently an
     Associate Professor in the School of Engineering and the W.M. Keck Foundation Faculty Scholar in the Department
     of Management Science and Engineering. As part of the Stanford Technology Ventures Program, he conducts
     research on technology entrepreneurship, specifically the impact of institutions and university environment on high
     growth technology entrepreneurship. In 2020, he received the Third Annual IACMR-RRBM Responsible Research in
     Management Award and in 2018, he was the recipient of the TUM Research Excellence Award from the Technical
     University of Munich. Mr. Eesley obtained a Doctor of Philosophy in Management from the Massachusetts Institute
     of Technology in Cambridge, Massachusetts, United States in June 2009 and a Bachelor of Science from Duke
     University in Durham, North Carolina, United States in May 2002.

     Mr. KWAN Ngai Kit (“Mr. Kwan”), aged 43, is an independent non-executive Director since June 2021. He is also
     the chairman of our audit committee and a member of our nomination committee and remuneration committee. Mr.
     Kwan is the chief financial officer, authorised representative and the company secretary of Modern Dental Group
     Limited (stock code: 3600) since October 2016. Mr. Kwan has over 15 years of experience in auditing, accounting
     and corporate management. Prior to March 2014, he worked as a senior manager in both the assurance
     department and the technical department of Ernst & Young during which he acquired intensive capital market
     transactions experience. Mr. Kwan is currently an independent non-executive director of A & S Group (Holdings)
     Limited (stock Code: 1737) which is listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange. Mr. Kwan is currently a fellow
     member of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants and a member of the Hong Kong Institute of
     Certified Public Accountants. Mr. Kwan obtained a master’s degree in business administration from the Chinese
     University of Hong Kong in November 2014 and a bachelor’s degree in accountancy from The Hong Kong
     Polytechnic University in November 2002.



     SENIOR MANAGEMENT

     Mr. Benjamin Russell SMITH (“Mr. Smith”), alias Ben Smith, aged 47, is our Senior Vice President of Business
     Development. He joined our Group in February 2014 as Senior Vice President of Business Development and is
     responsible for overseeing our ReClaim product sales and other related business development activities. From
     April 2012 to January 2014, Mr. Smith was the chief executive officer at Blayze Inc. From September 2003 to
     October 2009, he served as Strategic Partner Development Senior Associate at Google Inc., where he acquired
     experience in business development. Mr. Smith graduated with a Bachelor of Arts, majoring in Political Science and
     minoring in Legal Studies from Beloit College in Beloit, Wisconsin, United States in December 1997.

     Mr. Christopher Mark MARSHALL (“Mr. Marshall”), alias Chris Marshall, aged 42, is our Senior Vice President of
     Business Operations. He joined our Group in November 2019 as Vice President of Channel ID upon the completion
     of our acquisition of Rights ID and Channel ID businesses from ZEFR, Inc. From 2012 to November 2019, Mr.
     Marshall worked at ZEFR, Inc. and led the Channel ID business. From 2006 to 2012, Mr. Marshall worked at Select
     Staffing as National Account Manager. He graduated from Brigham Young University with a Bachelor of Arts,
     majoring in Marketing Communication and minoring in Creative Advertising in 2005.




22      Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                     DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Dr. Jian ZHAO (“Dr. Zhao”), aged 59, is our Chief Technology Officer since March 2021. He is responsible for
overseeing the development and dissemination of technology for clients to improve and increase business. Prior
to joining the Vobile Group, Dr. Zhao was Vice President of Advanced Technologies at Verance Corporation from
2010 to 2022. He served as CTO at Thomson Software and Technology Solutions from 2005 to 2009. Dr. Zhao
was also a Founder, President and CTO of MediaSec Technologies, Inc. from 2000 to 2005. He obtained a Doctor
of Philosophy in Computer Science from Technology University Darmstadt in Germany and a Master of Computer
Science from East China Normal University in Shanghai, China.

Mr. Mark Woodrow HALL (“Mr. Hall”), aged 56, alias Mark Hall, is our Senior Vice President of Products and
Innovation. He joined our group in March 2020 and is currently responsible for overseeing the products and
innovation function. Prior to joining our Group, Mr. Hall served in Paramount Pictures for 14 years from February
2006 to March 2020 and his last position was Vice President of Digital Content Monetization. He was employed by
DreamWorks Studios as an information technologist from July 2005 to February 2006. From December 2003 to
June 2005, he was an CTO of Merchants Billing Services. Mr. Hall served as the Director of Network of Cars Direct
from 1999 to 2003. From 1996 to 1999, he served as an Infrastructure Engineer of Delaware North. Mr. Hall studied
English Literature at San Diego State University from 1989 to 1992.

Mr. Michael Paul WITTE (“Mr. Witte”), alias Mike Witte, aged 64, is an executive Director of our Company from
June 2017 to June 2021. He joined our Group in January 2008 as our Executive Vice President of Business
Development and Sales and is responsible for overseeing all sales and customer success of our content protection
products in the US and other related business development activities, including sourcing new clients and
managing and growing our existing client relationships, performing after-sales services and providing ongoing
support to our customers, and manages our sales team in Silicon Valley. Mr. Witte has over ten years of experience
in the SaaS business since joining our Group. Mr. Witte obtained a Bachelor of Arts majoring in English from the
University of California in Santa Barbara, California, US in March 1982.

Mr. HO Sai Hong Vincent (“Mr. Ho”), aged 37, is our Financial Controller and company secretary since November
2016. He is responsible for overseeing overall accounting and financial reporting functions. Mr. Ho has over 10
years of experience in the auditing and accounting fields. From September 2008 to September 2015, Mr. Ho
worked at the Assurance Department of Ernst & Young where he last served as Manager. Mr. Ho is currently a
fellow member of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants and a member of the Hong Kong Institute of
Certified Public Accountants. He graduated with a Bachelor of Business Administration in Economics and
Accounting from the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology in Hong Kong in May 2008.




                                                                            Directors and Senior Management 23
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     The Directors present their report and the audited financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2022.



     HEADQUARTERS AND PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN HONG KONG

     The Company is a limited liability company incorporated in the Cayman Islands and its headquarters and principal
     place of business in Hong Kong is Suite 3712, 37/F, Tower Two, Times Square, 1 Matheson Street, Causeway Bay,
     Hong Kong.



     PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES AND BUSINESS REVIEW

     The principal activities of the Group comprise of the provision of software as a service. The principal activities and
     other particulars of the subsidiaries of the Company are set out in note 1 to the financial statements. Further
     discussion and analysis of these activities as required by Schedule 5 to the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance,
     including a description of the principal risks and uncertainties facing the Group and an indication of likely future
     developments in the Group’s business, can be found in the sections headed “Chairman’s Statement” and the
     “Management Discussion and Analysis” set out on pages 4 to 5 and pages 6 to 19 of this annual report,
     respectively. This discussion forms part of this directors’ report.



     FIVE YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY

     A summary of the published results and assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years is set out
     in the section headed “Five Year Financial Summary” on page 145 of this annual report. The summary does not
     form part of the audited financial statements.



     RESULTS AND DIVIDEND

     The Group’s loss for the year ended 31 December 2022 and the Group’s financial position as at 31 December 2022
     are set out in the financial statements on pages 56 to 144.

     The Board does not recommend payment of any dividend in respect of the year ended 31 December 2022 (2021:
     Nil).



     SHARE CAPITAL, SHARE OPTION AND CONVERTIBLE BONDS

     Details of movements in the Company’s share capital, share options and convertible bonds are set out in note 29,
     30 and 27 to the financial statements, respectively.




24      Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                                          DIRECTORS’ REPORT

PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Articles or the laws of the Cayman Islands, being the
jurisdiction in which the Company was incorporated, which would oblige the Company to offer new shares on a
pro rata basis to existing shareholders.



TAX RELIEF AND EXEMPTION

The Directors are not aware of any tax relief and exemption available to the Shareholders by reason of their
holding of the Company’s securities.



PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF LISTED SECURITIES OF THE COMPANY

During the year ended 31 December 2022, except for the purchase of 12,566,000 Shares on behalf by the trustees
of the share award plan adopted by the Group on 6 May 2019, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries had
purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities.



DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES

As at 31 December 2022, the Company’s reserves available for distribution mainly represent the share premium
account, retained profits, merger reserve and other reserves, amounted to approximately HK$1,567 million.



CHARITABLE DONATIONS

During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group made charitable donations totalling HK$920,000 (2021: Nil).



MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

The Group’s top five customers accounted for approximately 46.6% of the total revenue. The top five suppliers
accounted for approximately 39.6% of the total purchases for the year. In addition, the Group’s largest customer
accounted for approximately 21.0% of the total revenue and the Group’s largest supplier accounted for
approximately 19.7% of the total purchases for the year.

None of the directors of the Company or any of their associates or any shareholders (which, to the best knowledge
of the directors, own more than 5% of the Company’s share capital) had any beneficial interest in the Group’s five
largest customers and suppliers.




                                                                                               Directors’ Report 25
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     DIRECTORS

     The Directors during the year ended 31 December 2022 and up to the date of this report are:

     Executive Directors:
     Mr. Yangbin Bernard WANG (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)
     Mr. MATSUZAWA Masaaki

     Non-executive Directors:
     Mr. CHAN Ching Yan Daniel (appointed on 30 June 2022)
     Mr. J David WARGO
     Mr. WONG Wai Kwan

     Independent Non-executive Directors:
     Mr. Alfred Tsai CHU
     Mr. Charles Eric EESLEY
     Mr. KWAN Ngai Kit
     Mr. CHAN King Man Kevin (retired on 30 June 2022)



     APPOINTMENTS, RE-ELECTION AND REMOVAL OF DIRECTORS

     Each of the executive Directors, non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors has entered
     into a service contract or letter of appointment with the Company for a specific term. The non-executive Directors
     and independent non-executive Directors have been appointed for a term of 3 years. The term of appointment of
     each Director is subject to retirement by rotation and re-election at each AGM in accordance with the Articles and
     the Listing Rules.

     Under the Articles, one-third of all Directors are subject to retirement by rotation and re-election at each AGM
     provided that every Director shall be subject to retirement at least once every three years. A retiring Director is
     eligible for re-election and continues to act as a Director throughout the meeting at which he/she retires.

     The Articles provide that any Director appointed by the Board, either to fill a casual vacancy in the Board or as an
     addition to the existing Board, shall hold office only until the next following AGM of the Company and shall then be
     eligible for re-election.

     Shareholders of the Company may, at any general meeting convened and held in accordance with the Articles,
     remove a Director at any time before the expiration of his period of office notwithstanding anything to the contrary
     in the Articles or in any agreement between the Company and such Director.




26      Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                                           DIRECTORS’ REPORT

PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION

Permitted indemnity provisions (as defined in section 469 of the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws
of Hong Kong) for the benefit of the Directors are currently in force and was in force during the year and at the
date of this report.



DIRECTORS’ SERVICE AGREEMENTS

Each of the Directors has entered into a service agreement or letter of appointment with the Company for a term
of three years, which may be terminated by either party by giving one-week written notice or otherwise in
accordance with the terms of the service agreement.

Saved as disclosed above, none of the Directors proposed for re-election at the forthcoming AGM has a service
contract or letter of appointment with any member of the Group which is not determinable by the employer within
one year without payment of compensation (other than statutory compensation).



EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICIES

As at 31 December 2022, the Group employed a total of 572 staff as compared to 293 staff as at 31 December
2021. Salaries, bonuses and benefits are determined with reference to market terms and performance,
qualifications and experience of each individual employee, and are subject to review from time to time.

The remuneration of the Directors is reviewed by the Remuneration Committee and approved by the Board. The
relevant Director’s experience, duties and responsibilities, time commitment, the Company’s performance and the
prevailing market conditions are taken into consideration in determining the emolument of the Directors. Particulars
of the remuneration of employees of the Group during the year ended 31 December 2022 are set out in note 6 to
the financial statements.

The Company also adopted a Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme, a Post-IPO Share Option Scheme and a Share Award
Plan.



EMOLUMENTS OF DIRECTORS AND THE FIVE HIGHEST PAID INDIVIDUALS

Particulars of the emoluments of the Directors and the five highest-paid individuals of the Group during the year
ended 31 December 2022 are set out in notes 8 and 9 to the financial statements.




                                                                                                 Directors’ Report 27
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     PRE-IPO SHARE OPTION SCHEME AND POST-IPO SHARE OPTION SCHEME

     The following is a summary of all the principal terms of the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme.

     (a) Purpose of the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme
          The purpose of the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme is to offer to employees, Directors (i.e. a member of the
          Board who is not an employee), consultants or advisers who perform bona fide services for, our Company or
          its subsidiary the opportunity to acquire equity in our Company through awards of Pre-IPO Share Option
          Scheme.

     (b) Exercise Price and Purchase Price of the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme
          Minimum exercise price for Pre-IPO Share Option: The exercise price per Share of a Pre-IPO Share Option
          shall not be less than 100% of the fair market value of a Share on the date of grant; provided, however that
          the exercise price per share of a Pre-IPO Share Option granted to an individual holding more than 10% of the
          voting power of our Company shall not be less than 110% of the fair market value of a share on the date of
          grant.

     (c) Lapse of Option or Right
          An option may be exercised in accordance with the terms of the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme at any time
          during a period as the Board may determine which shall not exceed 10 years from the date of grant subject
          to the provisions of early termination thereof.

     (d) Total Number of Shares Available for Issue under the Pre-IPO Share Option
         Scheme
          As at 31 December 2022, the outstanding share option granted under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme is
          32,120,000 Shares (after pro-rata adjustments upon the Share Subdivision), representing 1.52% of the issued
          share capital of the Company as at 31 December 2022.

     (e) Duration of the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme
          The Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme will remain in force for a period of 10 years commencing on the adoption
          date of Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme.




28      Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                                           DIRECTORS’ REPORT

POST-IPO SHARE OPTION SCHEME

The following is a summary of all the principal terms of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme.

(a) Purpose of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme
     The purposes of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme are to attract and retain the best available personnel, to
     provide additional incentive to employees, directors, consultants and advisers of our Group and to promote
     the success of the business of our Group.

(b) Exercise Price and Purchase Price of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme
     The amount payable for each Share to be subscribed for under an option in the event of the option being
     exercised shall be determined by the Board and shall be not less than the greater of

     (i)     the closing price of the Shares on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange as stated in the Stock
             Exchange’s daily quotations sheet on the date of grant;

     (ii)    the average closing price of the Shares on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange as stated in the Stock
             Exchange’s daily quotations sheets for the five business days immediately preceding the date of grant;
             and

     (iii)   the nominal value of the Shares.

(c) Lapse of Option or Right
     An option shall lapse forthwith (to the extent not already exercised) on the earliest of expiry of the exercise
     period and under the other provisions as set out in the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme.

(d) Total Number of Shares Available for Issue under the Post-IPO Share Option
    Scheme
     The maximum number of Shares which may be issued upon the exercise of all outstanding options granted
     and yet to be exercised under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme and any other schemes of our Company
     shall not exceed such number of Shares as shall represent 30% of the issued share capital of our Company
     from time to time. The total number of Shares issued and to be issued upon the exercise of the options
     granted to each eligible person (including exercised, cancelled and outstanding options) under the Post-IPO
     Share Option Share in any 12-month period shall not exceed 1% of the relevant class of securities of our
     Company in issue.

     As at 31 December 2022, the outstanding number of options available for issue under the Post-IPO Share
     Option Scheme is 154,975,020 Shares, representing 7.32% of the issued share capital of the Company.

(f) Duration of the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme
     The Share Option Scheme will remain in force for a period of 10 years commencing on the adoption date of
     the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme.




                                                                                                 Directors’ Report 29
30
                                          Details of the options granted pursuant to the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme and Post-IPO Share Option Scheme to the grantees are set at
                                          below:

                                                                                                                                                                                                         No. of share options
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Expired/
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            lapsed/
                                                                                                                        Exercise                                      Outstanding Outstanding                                      Expired/                     Granted   Exercised       cancelled
                                                                                                                        price per Outstanding    Granted Exercised immediately immediately       Granted Exercised                  lapsed/ Outstanding       during the  during the      during the Outstanding
                                                                                                                      share after        as at before the before the before the      after the  after the   after the             cancelled        as at     year ended  year ended      year ended         as at
                                           Name of                                                                     the Share    1 January      Share       Share        Share       Share      Share       Share                 during 31 December    31 December 31 December     31 December 31 December
                                           Grantee          Date of grant Vesting period       Exercise period       Subdivision1        2021 Subdivision Subdivision Subdivision Subdivision Subdivision Subdivision              the year        2021            2022        2022            2022        2022


                                           Directors
                                           Mr. Wang         25 April 2017 Four years from      25 April 2019 to      US$0.0344     8,000,000          —            —       8,000,000 32,000,000             —             —             —     32,000,000            —             —              —     32,000,000
                                                                              date of grant2       25 April 2027
                                                            12 January Ten years from          12 January 2021 to      HK$5.00            — 28,000,000             —      28,000,000 112,000,000            —             —             —    112,000,000            —             —              —     112,000,000
                                                                2021          date of grant3       12 January 2031
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

                                           Mr. Matsuzawa    23 July 2021 Five years from       23 July 2022 to         HK$8.70            —           —            —              —            —    10,000,0007           —             —     10,000,000            —             —              —      10,000,000
                                                                              date of grant5       23 July 2032
                                           Mr. Wong         25 April 2017 Four years from      25 April 2019 to      US$0.0313      600,000           —     (600,000)8            —            —            —             —             —             —             —             —              —              —
                                                                              date of grant2       25 April 2027
                                                                                                                                                                                                                              9
                                           Mr. Witte        25 April 2017 Four years from      25 April 2019 to      US$0.0313      400,000           —            —        400,000     1,600,000           —     (1,600,000)           —             —             —             —              —              —
Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2022



                                                                              date of grant2       25 April 2027


                                           Sub-total                                                                               9,000,000 28,000,000     (600,000) 36,400,000 145,600,000        10,000,000    (1,600,000)           —    154,000,000            —             —              —     154,000,000


                                           Employees
                                           Other employees 25 April 2017 Four years from       25 April 2019 to      US$0.0313     4,174,000          —   (3,397,000)       777,000     3,108,000           —     (2,988,000)           —        120,000            —             —              —        120,000
                                                                             date of grant2        25 April 2027
                                           Other employees 30 July 2020 Two years from         30 July 2022 to        HK$0.875     9,500,000          —            —       9,500,000 38,000,000             — (15,600,000)              —     22,400,000            —             —              —     22,400,000
                                                                             date of grant4        30 July 2032
                                           Other employees 23 July 2021 Five years from        23 July 2022 to         HK$8.70            —           —            —              —            —    8,300,000             —             —      8,300,000            —             —      (3,300,000)     5,000,000
                                                                             date of grant5        23 July 2032
                                           Other employees 8 July 2022 Five years from         8 July 2023 to          HK$5.00            —           —            —              —            —            —             —             —             —      7,320,000            —              —       7,320,000
                                                                             date of grant5        7 July 2032


                                           Sub-total                                                                              13,674,000          —   (3,397,000)10 10,277,000     41,108,000 8,300,0007 (18,588,000)10             —     30,820,000     7,320,00012          —      (3,300,000)   34,840,000


                                           Consultants
                                           Consultants      25 April 2017 Four years from 25 April 2019 to           US$0.0313      600,000           —     (600,000)             —            —            —             —             —             —             —             —              —              —
                                                                              date of grant2  25 April 2027
                                           Consultants      30 July 2020 Two years from 30 July 2022 to               HK$0.875     1,750,000          —            —       1,750,000   7,000,000            —     (4,000,000)           —      3,000,000            —             —              —      3,000,000
                                                                                            4
                                                                              date of grant   30 July 2032
                                           Kevin A. Mayer   9 September Two years from 9 September 2021 to              HK$1.02    2,000,000          —            —       2,000,000   8,000,000            —             —             —      8,000,000            —             —              —      8,000,000
                                                                2020          date of grant4  9 September 2031


                                           Sub-total                                                                               4,350,000          —     (600,000)11    3,750,000   15,000,000           —     (4,000,000)11         —     11,000,000            —             —              —      11,000,000


                                           Total                                                                                  27,024,000 28,000,000   (4,597,000) 50,427,000 201,708,000        18,300,000 (24,188,000)             —    195,820,000            —             —      (3,300,000) 199,840,000
                                                                                              DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Notes:


1        The exercise price has been adjusted to reflect the effect of the Share Subdivision.


2        50% of the share options shall vest on the second anniversary of the date of grant and 50% shall vest in 24 equal monthly instalments
         following the second anniversary.


3        The share options have an exercise period of ten years and the vesting periods of ten years from the date of grant. All nine tranches
         of the 112,000,000 share options in aggregate will become fully vested when the Market Capitalisation of the Company on a
         Determination Date reaches at least US$10 billion and the Company has achieved at least nine of the Operational Milestones in any
         combination. Please refer to the circular of the Company dated 1 March 2021 for further details.


         The table below shows the Operational Milestones:


                                                Operational Milestone comprised of                     Operational Milestone comprised of
                                                   Annual Revenue of the Company                 Annual Adjusted EBITDA of the Company
                                               on a Determination Date in Excess of                   on a Determination Date on Excess of


                                                                        US$50 Million                                            US$10 Million
                                                                        US$75 Million                                            US$15 Million
                                                                       US$100 Million                                            US$20 Million
                                                                       US$125 Million                                            US$25 Million
                                                                       US$150 Million                                            US$30 Million
                                                                       US$175 Million                                            US$35 Million
                                                                      US$200 Million                                             US$40 Million
                                                                      US$225 Million                                             US$45 Million
                                                                      US$250 Million                                             US$50 Million


         The table below shows the vesting conditions for each Tranche of the Share Options:


                                                                      Market Capitalisation Milestone Vesting
                                                                   Condition comprised of Market Capitalisation              Number of vested
           Cumulative Number of Operational                              of the Company on a Determination                    Share Options in
           Milestones Required to be Achieved                                     Date in Excess of                               the Tranche
                                                                                        US$                         HK$


           One                                                                    2 billion                 15.50 billion      3,111,111 Shares
           Two                                                                    3 billion              23.25 billion         3,111,111 Shares
           Three                                                                  4 billion                 31.00 billion      3,111,111 Shares
           Four                                                                   5 billion                 38.75 billion      3,111,111 Shares
           Five                                                                   6 billion              46.50 billion         3,111,111 Shares
           Six                                                                    7 billion              54.25 billion         3,111,111 Shares
           Seven                                                                  8 billion              62.00 billion         3,111,111 Shares
           Eight                                                                  9 billion                 69.75 billion      3,111,111 Shares
           Nine                                                                  10 billion                 77.50 billion      3,111,112 Shares


4        50% of the share options shall vest on the first anniversary of the date of grant and 50% shall vest in 12 equal monthly instalments
         following the second anniversary.




                                                                                                                            Directors’ Report 31
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

          5    20% of the share options shall vest on the first anniversary of the date of grant and 80% shall vest in 48 equal monthly instalments
               following the second anniversary.


          6    The closing price of the Shares on 11 January 2021, being the trading date immediately before the relevant date of the grant, was
               HK$4.78 (adjusted to reflect the effect of the Share Subdivision).


          7    The closing price of the Shares on 22 July 2021, being the trading date immediately before the relevant date of the grant, was
               HK$8.30.


          8    The weighted average closing price of the Shares immediately before the date of exercise by Mr. WONG Wai Kwan was HK$8.25 (adjusted
               to reflect the effect of the Share Subdivision).


          9    The weighted average closing price of the Shares immediately before the date of exercise by Mr. Michael Paul WITTE was HK$6.63.


          10   The weighted average closing price of the Shares immediately before the date of exercise by the participants was HK$8.50 (adjusted
               to reflect the effect of the Share Subdivision).


          11   The weighted average closing price of the Shares immediately before the date of exercise by the participants was HK$8.58 (adjusted
               to reflect the effect of the Share Subdivision).


          12   The closing price of the Shares on 7 July 2022, being the trading date immediately before the relevant date of the grant, was
               HK$4.43.




     SHARE AWARD SCHEME

     On 6 May 2019, the Board adopted a 10-year share award plan (the “Share Award Plan”) to (a) incentivize,
     recognize and reward the contributions of certain Eligible Persons to the growth and development of the Group; (b)
     attract and retain personnel to promote the long-term growth and development of the Group; and (c) align the
     interests of the Award Holders with those of the Shareholders to promote the long-term financial performance of
     the Company. Details of the Share Award Plan was announced in the Company’s announcements dated 6 May
     2019 and 25 July 2021. A summary of the Share Award Plan is set out below:

     (a) Purpose
          The purpose of the Share Award Plan is to (a) incentivize, recognize and reward the contributions of certain
          Eligible Persons to the growth and development of the Group; (b) attract and retain personnel to promote the
          long-term growth and development of the Group; and (c) align the interests of the Award Holders with those
          of the Shareholders to promote the long-term financial performance of the Company.

     (b) Participants
          Under the Share Award Plan Rules, any person being (a) an employee, a director (including, without limitation,
          an executive, non-executive or independent non-executive director) or officer of any member of the Group;
          or (b) a consultant or advisor of any member of the Group, is eligible for participation in the Share Award
          Plan.

     (c) Duration
          Subject to early termination by the Board, the Share Award Plan shall be valid and effective for a term of ten (10)
          years commencing from the date of adoption of the Share Award Plan, being 6 May 2019, and ending on the
          Business Day immediately preceding the tenth (10th) anniversary of the date of adoption of the Share Award
          Plan.



32      Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                                                              DIRECTORS’ REPORT

(d) Share Award Plan Limit
   The Board shall not make any further Award if to do so would result in the aggregate number of the Shares
   awarded under the Share Award Plan exceed 10% of the issued share capital of the Company at any given
   time.

   Where any grant of Award to a Selected Person would result in the aggregate of (a) the number of Awarded
   Shares underlying all Awards (whether vested or not); and (b) the number of Shares issued and to be issued
   upon exercise of options (whether exercised or outstanding) under any share option scheme adopted by the
   Company from time to time, granted to such Eligible Person in the 12-month period up to and including the
   date of grant of such Award exceeding 1% of the Shares in issue as at the date of grant of such Award, the
   Award shall be subject to approval by the Shareholders in a general meeting.

(e) Vesting
   Awarded Shares and the Related Income shall be vested in an Award Holder in accordance with the Vesting
   Date(s) specified in the Award and upon the satisfaction of the vesting criteria and conditions (if any)
   specified by the Board in the offer of grant of the relevant Award.

   Details of the share awards granted pursuant to the Share Award Plan to the grantees are set at below:

                                     Unvested                                                                  Unvested
                                          as at      Granted         Vested      Cancelled       Lapsed            as at
                                     1 January     during the     during the     during the    during the   31 December
        Name of Grantees                 2022           year           year           year          year           2022     Date of grant


        Directors
        Mr. Matsuzawa                        —        178,571       (178,571)            —              —              —    8 July 2022
        Mr. Wargo                            —         79,165        (79,165)            —              —              —    8 July 2022
        Mr. Wong                             —         79,165        (79,165)            —              —              —    8 July 2022
        Mr. Alfred Chu                       —         79,165        (79,165)            —              —              —    8 July 2022
        Mr. Chan King Man Kevin              —         79,165        (79,165)            —              —              —    8 July 2022
        Mr. Eesley                           —         79,165        (79,165)            —              —              —    8 July 2022


        Sub-total                            —       653,5612      (653,561)             —              —              —


        Employees                            —      9,119,3953   (9,119,395)             —              —              —    13 October 2022


        Total 1                              —     9,772,956     (9,772,956)             —              —              —


   Notes:

    1       No grant has been made to (i) any related entity participant or service provider with options and awards granted in excess of 0.1% of
            the Company’s issued shares over the 12-month period, and (ii) any other participant with options and awards granted in excess of
            the 1% individual limit, as such terms are used in the Listing Rules. During the year ended 31 December 2022, there were no
            cancellations of share awards. There are no vesting period, performance target and clawback mechanism in relation to the grants
            during the year ended 31 December 2022, and no consideration is required from the relevant grantees at the time of vesting.

   2        The weighted average closing price of the Shares immediately before the date of exercise by the participants was HK$4.52. Fair
            value of the share awards granted during the year was approximately HK$2,954,000.

   3        The weighted average closing price of the Shares immediately before the date of exercise by the participants was HK$1.67. Fair
            value of the share awards granted during the year was approximately HK$15,229,000.


                                                                                                                         Directors’ Report 33
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     RETIREMENT BENEFITS PLANS

     Particulars of retirement benefits plans of the Group as at 31 December 2022 are set out in note 2.4 to the
     financial statements.



     DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES,
     UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY OR ITS ASSOCIATED
     CORPORATIONS

     As of 31 December 2022, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company in
     the Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (within the meaning
     of Part XV of the SFO which were required (a) to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to
     Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they have taken or deemed
     to have under such provisions of the SFO); or (b) to be recorded in the register required to be kept pursuant to
     Section 352 of the SFO; or (c) as otherwise to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the
     Model Code were as follows:

                                                                                                                               Approximate
                                                                                                                              percentage of
                                                                                                                   Number of     the issued
           Name of Directors                                    Capacity                                             Shares    share capital
                                                                                                                     (note 1)


           Mr. Wang (note 2)                                    Beneficial owner; trustee of                      415,161,920                 19.61%
                                                                  a trust; beneficiary of a trust
           Mr. Wargo                                            Beneficial owner                                   91,829,521                  4.34%
           Mr. Matsuzawa (note 3)                               Beneficial owner                                   10,178,571                  0.48%
           Mr. Wong                                             Beneficial owner                                    2,523,165                  0.12%
           Mr. Chu                                              Beneficial owner                                      123,165                  0.01%
           Mr. Eesley                                           Beneficial owner                                      123,165                  0.01%
           Mr. Kwan                                             Beneficial owner                                       79,165                  0.00%

     Notes:


     (1)      All interests stated are long positions.


     (2)      Mr. Wang is a settlor, a trustee and a beneficiary of the JYW Trust. Mr. Wang and the JYW Trust are the settlors and Mr. Wang is the trustee
              and beneficiary of the YBW Trust. Mr. Wang is interested in 31,200,000 Shares beneficially owned by him, 208,761,920 Shares held by him
              in his capacity as trustee and beneficiary of the JYW Trust, 32,000,000 Shares in his capacity as trustee and beneficiary of the YBW Trust,
              32,000,000 Shares which may be issued pursuant to the exercise of options granted under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme and
              112,000,000 Shares which may be issued pursuant to the exercise of options granted under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme.


     (3)      Mr. Matsuzawa is interested in 178,571 Shares beneficially owned by him and 10,000,000 Shares which may be issued pursuant to the
              exercise of options granted under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme.




34          Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                                            DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Save as disclosed above, as of 31 December 2022, so far as is known to the Directors or chief executive of the
Company, none of the Directors or chief executive of the Company had interests or short positions in the Shares,
underlying Shares and debentures of the Company or its associated corporations which (a) were required to be
notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including
interests and short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO); or (b)
were required, pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, to be recorded in the register referred to therein; or (c) were
required, pursuant to the Model Code, to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange.



DIRECTORS’ RIGHT TO ACQUIRE SHARES

Save as disclosed in this report, at no time during the year ended 31 December 2022 was the Company, or any of
its subsidiaries or its fellow subsidiaries a party to any arrangement to enable the Directors and chief executives of
the Company (including their spouses and children under 18 years of age) to hold any interest or short positions in
the Shares, or underlying shares, or debentures, of the Company or its associated corporations (within the
meaning of Part XV of the SFO).




                                                                                                  Directors’ Report 35
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES,
     UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES

     As of 31 December 2022, so far as was known to any Director or chief executive of the Company, the following
     persons (other than the Directors and chief executive of the Company) had interests and/or short positions in the
     Shares or underlying Shares which would fall to be disclosed to the Company pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3 of Part
     XV of the SFO or as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under section 336 of the SFO:

                                                                                                                           Approximate
                                                                                                                          percentage of
                                                                                                             Number of       the issued
           Name of shareholder                                Capacity                                         Shares (1)
                                                                                                                           share capital


           Poly Platinum Enterprises Limited(2)               Beneficial owner                             176,464,432                    8.33
           Greater Bay Area Homeland Development              Interest in a controlled                     176,464,432                    8.33
             Fund (GP) Limited(2)                               corporation
           Greater Bay Area Homeland                          Interest in a controlled                     176,464,432                    8.33
             Investments Limited(2)                             corporation
           LU Jian                                            Beneficial owner                              127,011,920                   6.00
           Antfin (Hong Kong) Holding Limited(3)              Beneficial owner                              115,606,936                   5.46
           Hangzhou Yunqiang Enterprise                       Interest in a controlled                      115,606,936                   5.46
             Management Consulting Co., Ltd(3)                  corporation
           Ant Group Co., Ltd.(3)                             Interest in a controlled                      115,606,936                   5.46
                                                                corporation
           Ma Yun(3)                                          Interest in a controlled                      115,606,936                   5.46
                                                                corporation
           Eric Xiandong Jing(3)                              Person acting in concert                     115,606,936                    5.46
           Simon Xiaoming Hu(3)                               Person acting in concert                     115,606,936                    5.46
           Fang Jiang(3)                                      Person acting in concert                     115,606,936                    5.46
           Navibell Venture Corp.(4)                          Beneficial owner                             108,884,000                    5.14
           Tricor Equity Trustee Limited(4)                   Interest in a controlled                     108,884,000                    5.14
                                                                corporation, Trustee of a trust
           XIE Shihuang(4)                                    Interest in a controlled                     108,884,000                    5.14
                                                                corporation

     Notes:


     (1)      All interests stated are long positions.


     (2)      Poly Platinum Enterprise Limited is wholly owned by Greater Bay Area Homeland Development Fund LP, which is managed by Greater Bay
              Area Development Fund Management Limited. Greater Bay Area Homeland Development Fund (GP) Limited is the general partner of Greater
              Bay Area Homeland Development Fund LP. Greater Bay Area Homeland Development Fund (GP) Limited is in turn wholly owned by Greater
              Bay Area Homeland Investments Limited as at 31 December 2022. Under the SFO, Greater Bay Area Homeland Development Fund (GP)
              Limited and Greater Bay Area Homeland Investments Limited are deemed to be interested in the Shares held by Poly Platinum Enterprise
              Limited.




36          Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                                                              DIRECTORS’ REPORT

(3)   The 115,606,936 Shares are held by Antfin (Hong Kong) Holding Limited. Antfin (Hong Kong) Holding Limited is wholly-owned by Hangzhou
      Yunqiang Enterprise Management Consulting Co., Ltd., which is in turn wholly-owned by Ant Group Co., Ltd. Ant Group Co., Ltd. is owned as
      to approximately 20.66% by Hangzhou Junao Equity Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership) and approximately 29.86% by Hangzhou
      Junhan Equity Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership), which are both wholly-owned by Hangzhou Yunbo Investment Consultancy Co.,
      Ltd, which is in turn owned as to 34% by Ma Yun. Pursuant to the concert party agreement executed by Mr. Ma Yun, Mr. Eric Xiandong Jing,
      Mr. Simon Xiaoming Hu and Ms. Fang Jiang, each of them is a party acting in concert (having the meaning ascribed to it under the Takeovers
      Code). As such, each of Mr. Eric Xiandong Jing, Mr. Simon Xiaoming Hu and Ms. Fang Jiang is deemed to be interested in 115,606,936
      shares held by Mr. Ma Yun under the SFO.


(4)   Navibell Venture Corp. is wholly owned by Tricor Equity Trustee Limited. Xie Shihuang is a trustee and a beneficiary of The XIE Family Trust
      which is the beneficiary of Equity Trustee Limited.


Save as disclosed above, as of 31 December 2022, the Directors have not been notified by any person (other than
the Directors or chief executive of the Company) who had interests or short positions in the Shares or underlying
Shares which shall be disclosed to the Company pursuant to Division 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or as recorded
in the register required to be kept pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO.



DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS OF
SIGNIFICANCE

Save as disclosed in this report, no transaction, arrangement or contract of significance subsisted in which a
Director or an entity connected with a Director was materially interested, whether directly or indirectly, during or
as at 31 December 2022.



MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

No contract concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business
of the Company was entered into or existed during the year ended 31 December 2022.



DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS

As at 31 December 2022, none of the Directors or their respective associates had any business or interests in a
business which competes or is likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with the business of the Group.



CONFIRMATION OF INDEPENDENCE

The Company has received from each of the independent non-executive Directors during the reporting period
namely, Mr. Chan, Mr. Chu, Mr. Eesley and Mr. Kwan, an annual confirmation of independence pursuant to Rule 3.13
of the Listing Rules and considers all of them were independent during the year ended 31 December 2022.




                                                                                                                          Directors’ Report 37
     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

     There was no connected transaction during the year ended 31 December 2022.



     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

     The Corporate Governance Report is set out on pages 39 to 49 of this annual report.



     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

     The environmental, social and governance report of the Company prepared in accordance with Appendix 27 to the
     Listing Rules will be published within two months after the publication of this report on the websites of the
     Company and the Stock Exchange.



     SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT

     Based on the information publicly available to the Company and within the Directors’ knowledge, at least 25% of
     the Company’s total issued share capital was held by the public as at the latest practicable date prior to the issue
     of this report.



     AUDITOR

     Ernst & Young retires and a resolution for Ernst & Young’s reappointment as auditor of the Company will be
     proposed at the forthcoming AGM.

     On behalf of the Board




     Yangbin Bernard WANG
     Chairman, Executive Director and Chief Executive Officer

     Hong Kong, 31 March 2023




38      Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                             CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES

The Board is committed to maintaining high corporate governance standards. The Board believes that good
corporate governance standards are essential in providing a framework for the Group to formulate its business
strategies and policies, and to enhance its transparency and accountability.

During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Company has applied the principles as set out in the CG Code
which are applicable to the Company.

In the opinion of the Directors, during the year ended 31 December 2022, the Company has complied with all
applicable code provisions as set out in the CG Code, save and except for code provision A.2.1 which states that
the roles of chairman and chief executive officer should be separate and should not be performed by the same
individual, details of which are set out in the paragraph headed “Chairman and Chief Executive Officer” of this
report.



MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS

The Company has adopted the Model Code as its code of conduct regarding securities transactions by the
Directors. The Company has also set guidelines, at least as strict as the Model Code, on transactions of the
Company’s securities for relevant employees (as defined in the Listing Rules).

The Company has made specific inquiries to all Directors about their compliance with the Model Code, and they all
confirmed that they complied with the standards specified in the Model Code during the year ended 31 December
2022. The Company has made specific inquiries of relevant employees about their compliance with the guidelines
on transactions of the Company’s securities, without noticing any violation of the guidelines.



BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Composition of the Board of Directors
As at the date of this report, the Board consisted of eight members comprising two executive Directors, three non-
executive Directors and three independent non-executive Directors. The composition of the Board is as follows:

Executive Directors:
Mr. Yangbin Bernard WANG (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)
Mr. MATSUZAWA Masaaki

Non-executive Directors:
Mr. CHAN Ching Yan Daniel
Mr. J David WARGO
Mr. WONG Wai Kwan

Independent Non-executive Directors:
Mr. Alfred Tsai CHU
Mr. Charles Eric EESLEY
Mr. KWAN Ngai Kit



                                                                                Corporate Governance Report 39
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

     The biographical details of all current Directors and senior management of the Company are set out on pages 20
     to 23 of this annual report. To the best knowledge of the Company, save as disclosed under the section headed
     “Directors and Senior Management” on pages 20 to 23 of this annual report, there are no financial, business, family
     or other material or relevant relationships among the members of the Board and/or the senior management during
     the reporting period.

     Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
     Code provision A.2.1 of the CG Code states that the roles of chairman and chief executive officer should be
     separate and should not be performed by the same individual. Mr. Yangbin Bernard WANG is both our Chairman
     and Chief Executive Officer, and is responsible for the overall management of our Group and directing the strategic
     development and business plans of our Group. We believe Mr. Wang is instrumental to our growth and business
     expansion since our establishment in 2005. Our Board considers that the roles of chairman and chief executive
     officer being vested in the same person is beneficial to the business prospects, management and overall strategic
     direction of our Group by ensuring consistent leadership within our Group and facilitating more effective and
     efficient overall strategic planning and decision-making for our Group. In addition, the Board meets regularly to
     consider major matters affecting the operations of the Group and all Directors are properly and promptly briefed
     on such matters with adequate, complete and reliable information. In addition, under the supervision of the Board
     which is comprised of two executive Directors, two non-executive Director and four independent non-executive
     Directors as at the date of this report, the Board is appropriately structured with balance of power to provide
     sufficient checks to protect the interests of the Company and its shareholders. After considering all the corporate
     governance measures that have been taken, the Board considers that the balance of power and authority will not
     be impaired by the present arrangement and the current structure will enable the Company to make and
     implement decisions more promptly and effectively. Thus, the Company does not segregate the roles of Chairman
     and Chief Executive Officer.

     Independent Non-executive Directors
     During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Board at all times met the requirements of the Listing Rules relating
     to the appointment of at least three independent non-executive Directors representing one-third of the Board with
     one of whom possessing appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or related financial management
     expertise.

     The Company has received written annual confirmation from each of the independent non-executive Directors in
     respect of his/her independence in accordance with the independence guidelines set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing
     Rules. The Company is of the view that all independent non-executive Directors are independent.



     NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS AND DIRECTORS’ RE-ELECTION

     Code provision A.4.1 of the CG Code stipulates that non-executive directors shall be appointed for a specific term,
     subject to re-election, whereas code provision A.4.2 states that all directors appointed to fill a casual vacancy
     shall be subject to election by shareholders at the first general meeting after appointment and that every director,
     including those appointed for a specific term, shall be subject to retirement by rotation at least once every three
     years.




40      Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Each of the executive Directors, non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors is appointed
under a service contract for a term of three years which is determinable either party by giving one week’s written
notice to the other party.

In accordance with the Articles, all Directors are subject to retirement by rotation and re-election at an AGM at
least once every three years. Any Director appointed by the Board to fill a casual vacancy shall hold office until the
first general meeting and any Director appointed by the Board as an addition to the Board shall hold office until the
next following AGM after his/her appointment and they will be subject to re-election at such meeting.

Responsibilities, Accountabilities and Contributions of the Board and Management
The Board is responsible for leadership and control of the Company and oversees the Group’s businesses,
strategic decisions and performance and is collectively responsible for promoting the success of the Company by
directing and supervising its affairs. The Directors take decisions objectively in the interests of the Company.

All Directors, including non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors, have brought a wide
spectrum of valuable business experience, knowledge and professionalism to the Board for its efficient and
effective functioning.

All Directors have full and timely access to all the information of the Company as well as the services and advice
from the senior management. The Directors may, upon request, seek independent professional advice in
appropriate circumstances, at the Company’s expenses for discharging their duties to the Company.

The Directors shall disclose to the Company details of other offices held by them and the Board regularly reviews
the contribution required from each Director to perform his/her responsibilities to the Company.

The Board reserves for its decision all major matters relating to policy matters, strategies and budgets, internal
control and risk management, material transactions (in particular those that may involve conflict of interests),
financial information, appointment of Directors and other significant operational matters of the Company.
Responsibilities relating to implementing decisions of the Board, directing and coordinating the daily operation and
management of the Company are delegated to the management.

Continuous Professional Development of Directors
Directors keep abreast of responsibilities as a director of the Company and of the conduct, business activities and
development of the Company.

Every newly appointed Director will receive formal and comprehensive induction on the first occasion of his/her
appointment to ensure appropriate understanding of the business and operations of the Company and full
awareness of director’s responsibilities and obligations under the Listing Rules and relevant statutory requirements.

Directors should participate in appropriate CPD to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills to ensure that
their contribution to the Board remains informed and relevant. All Directors are encouraged to attend relevant
training courses.




                                                                                   Corporate Governance Report 41
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

     The Directors and senior management have also reviewed the performance of the Company and the sales strategy
     of the industry and have also discussed the market condition of the industry. All the Directors received from time
     to time CPD and updates relating to Director’s duties and regulatory and business development relevant to the
     Company and their CPD record for the year ended 31 December 2022 is received and summarised as follows.

     Executive Directors:                                                      Type of training(1)
     Mr. Yangbin Bernard WANG                                                  A and B
     Mr. MATSUZAWA Masaaki                                                     A and B

     Non-executive Directors:
     Mr. CHAN Ching Yan Daniel                                                 A and B
     Mr. J David WARGO                                                         A and B
     Mr. WONG Wai Kwan                                                         A and B

     Independent Non-executive Directors:
     Mr. Alfred Tsai CHU                                                       A and B
     Mr. Charles Eric EESLEY                                                   A and B
     Mr. KWAN Ngai Kit                                                         A and B
     Mr. CHAN King Man Kevin (retired on 30 June 2022)                         A and B

     (1)    Type of training


     A      Attending training sessions, including but not limited to, briefings, seminars, conferences and workshops


     B      Reading relevant news alerts, newspapers, journals, magazines and relevant publications




     BOARD COMMITTEES

     The Board has established three committees, namely, the audit committee, the remuneration committee and the
     nomination committee for overseeing particular aspects of the Company’s affairs. All Board committees of the
     Company are established with defined written terms of reference. The terms of reference of the Board committees
     are posted on the Company’s website (vobile.com) and the Stock Exchange’s website (www.hkexnews.hk) and are
     available to shareholders upon request.

     The majority of the members of each Board committee are independent non-executive Directors and the list of the
     chairman and members of each Board committee is set out in the section headed “Corporate Information” in this
     report.




42         Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                             CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Audit Committee
As at the date of this annual report, the Audit Committee comprises two non-executive Directors, being Mr. J
David WARGO and Mr. WONG Wai Kwan and three independent non-executive Directors, being Mr. Alfred Tsai
CHU, Mr. Charles Eric EESLEY and Mr. KWAN Ngai Kit. The chairman of the Audit Committee is Mr. KWAN Ngai Kit.
The terms of reference of the Audit Committee are available on the respective websites of the Stock Exchange
and the Company.

The primary duties of the audit committee are to review, supervise, and assist our Board in providing an
independent view of, our financial reporting processes, and internal control and risk management systems, as well
as to oversee the audit process, review our annual and interim financial statements, provide advice and comments
to the Board on matters related to corporate governance, and perform other duties and responsibilities as
assigned by our Board from time to time.

The Audit Committee held three meetings during the year ended 31 December 2022 to review the interim and
annual financial results and reports and significant issues on the financial reporting, operational and compliance
controls, the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems and internal audit function,
appointment of external auditors and relevant scope of work.

The Audit Committee also met the external auditors twice without the presence of the Executive Directors during
the year ended 31 December 2022.

Remuneration Committee
As at the date of this annual report, the Remuneration Committee comprises an executive Director, being Mr.
Yangbin Bernard WANG, a non-executive Director, being Mr. J David WARGO and three independent non-
executive Directors, being Mr. Alfred Tsai CHU, Mr. Charles Eric EESLEY and Mr. KWAN Ngai Kit. The chairman of
the Remuneration Committee is Mr. Charles Eric EESLEY. The terms of reference of the Remuneration Committee
are available on the respective websites of the Stock Exchange and the Company.

The primary duties of the remuneration committee are to (i) develop and review the policies the structure of the
remuneration for our Directors and senior management; (ii) evaluate the performance of, and make
recommendations on the remuneration packages and long-term incentive compensation or equity plans for, our
Directors and senior management; and (iii) evaluate and make recommendations on employee benefit
arrangements.

The Remuneration Committee held two meetings during the year ended 31 December 2022 to determine the
remuneration packages of Executive Directors and senior management and to review and make recommendation
to the Board on the remuneration policy and structure of the Company, and other related matters.

Details of the fees and other emoluments paid or payable to the Directors and the details of the remuneration by
band of the members of the senior management (excluding Directors) for the year ended 31 December 2022 are
set out in details in notes 8 and 9 to the audited financial statements contained in this report.




                                                                                Corporate Governance Report 43
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

     Nomination Committee
     As at the date of this annual report, the Nomination Committee comprises an executive Director, being Mr.
     Yangbin Bernard WANG, a non-executive Director, being Mr. CHAN Ching Yan Daniel and three independent non-
     executive Directors, being Mr. Alfred Tsai CHU, Mr. Charles Eric EESLEY and Mr. KWAN Ngai Kit. The chairman of
     the Nomination Committee is Mr. Alfred Tsai CHU. The terms of reference of the Nomination Committee are
     available on the respective websites of the Stock Exchange and the Company.

     The primary functions of the nomination committee are to make recommendations to our Board in relation to the
     appointment and removal of Directors and senior management, and on matters of succession planning.

     The duties and authorities of the Nomination Committee are contained in its terms of reference, which fully comply
     with code provision A.5.2 of the CG Code and are available on the websites of the Stock Exchange and the
     Company.

     The Nomination Committee has formulated and set out its nomination policy in its terms of reference. The
     objective of the nomination policy is to ensure that the Board has a balance of skills, experience and diversity of
     perspectives appropriate to the requirements of the Company’s businesses. To ensure changes to the Board
     composition can be managed without undue disruption, a formal, considered and transparent procedure is in place
     for selection, appointment and re-appointment of Directors, as well as plans in place for orderly succession (if
     considered necessary), including periodical review of such plans. The appointment of a new Director (to be an
     additional Director or fill a casual vacancy as and when it arises) or any re-appointment of Directors is a matter for
     decision by the Board upon the recommendation of the proposed candidate by the Nomination Committee.

     Before making recommendation to the Board, the criteria to be applied in considering whether a candidate is
     qualified shall be his or her ability to devote sufficient time and attention to the affairs of the Company, character,
     qualifications, experience, independence and contribution to the diversity of the Board and ability to effectively
     carry out the Board’s responsibilities. Further details of the selection criteria and the procedure are set out in the
     terms of reference of the Nomination Committee.

     The Board adopts a Board diversity policy which sets out its approach to achieve and maintain its diversity through
     consideration of a number of measurable objectives including but not limited to professional qualifications, regional
     and industry experience, educational and cultural background, skills, industry knowledge, reputation and gender,
     as well as other attributes and strengths that are required for the Company’s business from time to time. In
     assessing the Board composition, the nomination committee would take into account various aspects set out in
     the Board diversity policy. The nomination committee would discuss and agree on measurable objectives for
     achieving diversity on the Board, where necessary, and recommend them to the Board for adoption.

     The Nomination Committee held two meetings during the year ended 31 December 2022 to review the structure,
     size and composition of the Board and the independence of the Independent Non-executive Directors and to
     consider the qualifications of the retiring Directors standing for election at the AGM. The Nomination Committee
     considered an appropriate balance of diversity perspectives of the Board is maintained and has not set any
     measurable objective implementing the Board diversity policy.




44      Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                             CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Corporate Governance Functions
The Board is responsible for performing the functions set out in the code provision D.3.1 of the CG Code.

The Board reviewed the Company’s corporate governance policies and practices, training and continuous
professional development of Directors and senior management, the Company’s policies and practices on
compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, the compliance of the Model Code and the guidelines, and the
Company’s compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in this corporate governance report.



ATTENDANCE RECORD OF DIRECTORS AND COMMITTEE MEMBERS

The attendance record of each Director at the Board and Board Committee meetings and AGM of the Company
held during the year ended 31 December 2022 is set out in the table below:

                                                            Audit Remuneration Nomination
  Name of Director                             Board    Committee   Committee Committee                     AGM


  Executive Directors
  Mr. Yangbin Bernard WANG                      13/13          N/A              2/2           2/2            1/1
  Mr. MATSUZAWA Masaaki                         13/13          N/A              N/A           N/A            1/1

  Non-executive Directors
  Mr. J David WARGO                             13/13          2/2              2/2           N/A            1/1
  Mr. WONG Wai Kwan                             13/13          2/2              N/A           N/A            1/1
  Mr. CHAN Ching Yan Daniel                       8/8          N/A              N/A            1/1           1/1
   (Appointed on 30 June 2022)

  Independent Non-executive
    Directors
  Mr. Alfred Tsai CHU                           13/13          2/2               2/2           2/2           1/1
  Mr. Charles Eric EESLEY                       13/13          2/2               2/2           2/2           1/1
  Mr. KWAN Ngai Kit                             13/13          2/2                1/1          2/2           1/1
  Mr. CHAN King Man Kevin                         5/5          N/A                1/1           1/1          1/1
    (retired on 30 June 2022)


During the year, apart from the Board meetings, consents and/or approvals of the Board were also obtained by
way of written resolutions on a number of matters/transactions. The Chairman of the Board met all the
independent non-executive Directors without the presence of the other Directors after the Board meeting held on
31 March 2023 in compliance with code provision A.2.7 of the CG Code.




                                                                                 Corporate Governance Report 45
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

     DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY IN RESPECT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for preparing the financial statements of the Company for the year
     ended 31 December 2022.

     The Directors are not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may cast significant
     doubt upon the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern.

     The statement of the independent auditor of the Company about their reporting responsibilities on the financial
     statements is set out in the section headed “Independent Auditor’s Report” on pages 50 to 55 of this annual report.



     AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION

     An analysis of the remuneration that should be paid to the external auditor of the Company, Ernst & Young, for the
     audit of the year ended 31 December 2022 and non-audit services is set out below:

         Service Category                                                                             Fee Paid/Payable
                                                                                                               HK$’000


         Audit services of annual report                                                                          4,530
         Non-audit services                                                                                         495



     RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS

     The Board is responsible for maintaining an effective risk management and internal control systems and reviewing
     their effectiveness to safeguard the Company’s assets and the interests of Shareholders. The Audit Committee
     assists the Board in leading the management and overseeing their design, implementation and monitoring of the
     risk management and internal control systems.

     In order to achieve effective and efficient operations and reliable financial reporting and compliance with
     applicable laws and regulations, the Company has adopted various internal control rules and procedures, including
     the following:

     •      To adopt the internal control management measures, which sets out the procedures for effective
            implementation of internal control measures.

     •      To engage external professional advisers as necessary and work with our legal teams to conduct review to
            ensure that all registrations, licenses, permits, filings and approvals are valid and that the renewals of such
            documents are made in a timely manner.




46        Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The Board has engaged an external professional service firm as its risk management and internal control review
adviser (the “Adviser”) to conduct the annual review of the risk management and internal control systems for the
year ended 31 December 2022 as there is no internal audit function within the Group and the Directors considered
it to be more cost effective to appoint external independent professionals to perform internal audit functions for
the Group. The Directors will continue to review at least annually the need for an internal audit function. Such
review is conducted annually and cycles reviewed are under rotation basis. The scope of review was previously
determined and approved by the Board. The Adviser has reported findings and areas for improvement to the Audit
Committee and management. The Audit Committee are of the view that there are no material internal control
defeats noted. All recommendations from the Adviser are properly followed up by the Group to ensure that they
are implemented within a reasonable period of time. The Board therefore considered that the risk management
and internal control systems are effective and adequate.



SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS

The Company engages with shareholders through various communication channels and a shareholders’
communication policy is in place to ensure that shareholders’ views and concerns are appropriately addressed.
The policy is regularly reviewed to ensure its effectiveness.

To safeguard shareholders’ interests and rights, separate resolution should be proposed for each substantially
separate issue at general meetings, including the election of individual Directors. All resolutions put forward at
general meetings will be voted on by poll pursuant to the Listing Rules and poll results will be posted on the
websites of the Company and of the Stock Exchange after each general meeting.

Convening an Extraordinary General Meeting by Shareholders
Under Article 12.3 of the Articles, any two or more shareholders holding at the date of the deposit of the requisition
not less than one-tenth of the paid-up capital of the Company carrying the right of voting at general meetings of
the Company may at all times have the right, by a written requisition to the Board or the company secretary of the
Company, to require the convening of an extraordinary general meeting to be called by the Board for the
transaction of any business specified in such requisition; and such meeting shall be held within 42 days after the
deposit of such requisition. If, within 21 days of such deposit, the Board fails to proceed to convene such meeting,
the requisitionists themselves may do so in the same manner, and all reasonable expenses incurred by the
requisitionists as a result of the failure of the Board shall be reimbursed to the requisitionists by the Company.

Putting Forward Proposals at General Meetings
The Board is not aware of any provisions allowing the shareholders of the Company to put forward proposals at
general meetings of the Company under the Articles and the Companies Law of the Cayman Islands Law.
Shareholders who wish to put forward proposals at general meetings may refer to the preceding paragraph to
make a written requisition to require the convening of an extraordinary general meeting of the Company.

Detailed procedures for shareholders to propose a person for election as a director of the Company are published
on the Company’s website.




                                                                                   Corporate Governance Report 47
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

     Putting Forward Enquiries to the Board
     For putting forward any enquiries to the Board, Shareholders may send written enquiries to the Company. The
     Company will not normally deal with verbal or anonymous enquiries.

     Contact Details
     Shareholders may send their enquiries or requests as mentioned above to the following:

     Address:       Suite 3712, 37/F, Tower Two,
                    Times Square,
                    1 Matheson Street,
                    Causeway Bay, Hong Kong
                    (For the attention of the Board of Directors/Company Secretary)
     Email:         ir@vobilegroup.com

     For the avoidance of doubt, shareholder(s) must deposit and send the original duly signed written requisition,
     notice or statement, or enquiry (as the case may be) to the above address and provide their full name, contact
     details and identification in order to give effect thereto. The information of the shareholder(s) may be disclosed as
     required by law.



     COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTOR RELATIONS

     The Company considers that effective communication with shareholders is essential for enhancing investor
     relations and investor understanding of the Group’s business performance and strategies. The Company
     endeavours to maintain an on-going dialogue with shareholders and in particular, through annual general meetings
     and other general meetings. At annual general meetings, Directors (or their delegates as appropriate) are available
     to meet shareholders and answer their enquiries.

     During the year under review, the Company has not made any changes to its Articles. An up to date version of the
     Articles is available on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange.

     The Company has in place a Shareholders’ Communication Policy to ensure that shareholders’ views and concerns
     are appropriately addressed. The policy is regularly reviewed to ensure its effectiveness.




48      Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

DIVIDEND POLICY

Pursuant to Code provision E.1.5 of the CG Code, the Company has adopted a dividend policy as set forth below:

Following completion of the global offering, we may distribute dividends by way of cash or by other means that
our Directors consider appropriate. A decision to distribute any interim dividend or recommend any final dividend
would require the approval of our Board and will be at its discretion. In addition, any final dividend for a financial
year will be subject to Shareholders’ approval. Our Board will review our Company’s dividend policy from time to
time in light of the following factors in determining whether dividends are to be declared and paid:

—    our financial results;

—    Shareholders’ interests;

—    general business conditions, strategies and future expansion needs;

—    the Group’s capital requirements;

—    the payment by its subsidiaries of cash dividends to the Company;

—    possible effects on liquidity and financial position of the Group;

—    other factors the Board may deem relevant.

Our Directors may declare dividends after taking into account, among other things, our results of operations,
financial condition and position, the amount of distributable profits, our Articles, the Companies Law of the
Cayman Islands Law, applicable laws and regulations and other factors that our Directors deem relevant.
Prospective investors should note that historical dividend distributions are not indicative of our future dividend
distribution policy.



COMPANY SECRETARY

Mr. Ho Sai Hong Vincent, aged 37, is the financial controller and company secretary of our Company. He has
complied with requirements set out in Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules by receiving relevant professional training for
not less than 15 hours during the year ended 31 December 2022.




                                                                                   Corporate Governance Report 49
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




     To the shareholders of Vobile Group Limited
     (Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)



     Opinion

     We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Vobile Group Limited (the “Company”) and its
     subsidiaries (the “Group”) set out on pages 56 to 144, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial
     position as at 31 December 2022, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss, the consolidated statement of
     comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash
     flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of
     significant accounting policies.

     In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position
     of the Group as at 31 December 2022, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash
     flows for the year then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”) issued by
     the International Accounting Standards Board (the “IASB”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with
     the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.



     Basis for opinion

     We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the Hong Kong
     Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”). Our responsibilities under those standards are further
     described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements section of our
     report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional
     Accountants (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We
     believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.




50      Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                  INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

Key audit matters

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of
the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our
audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not
provide a separate opinion on these matters. For each matter below, our description of how our audit addressed
the matter is provided in that context.

We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated
financial statements section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit included
the performance of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of material misstatement of
the consolidated financial statements. The results of our audit procedures, including the procedures performed to
address the matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the accompanying consolidated financial
statements.

  Key audit matter                                              How our audit addressed the key audit matter


  Major acquisition

  During the year, the Group completed a major acquisition      Our audit procedures included, among others,
  and acquired 61.18% interests in Hangzhou Particle            reading the SPA in relation to the acquisition to
  Culture Technology Co., Ltd. (“Particle”) and its             obtain an understanding of the transaction and
  subsidiaries as well as Hangzhou New Particle Culture         the key terms, and evaluating if it fulfils the
  Technology Co., Ltd. (“New Particle”) and its subsidiaries    definition of a business combination.
  (collectively referred to as the “Particle Technology”)
  with a cash consideration of RMB854,107,561. The Group        We discussed with management regarding the
  performed purchase price allocation and recognised            SPA, the identification of assets acquired and the
  goodwill of HK$569,950,000, intangible assets of              valuation of the call options.
  HK$257,989,000 and call options of HK$130,154,000.
                                                                We involved our internal valuation specialists to
  The sales and purchase agreement (“SPA”) contains             evaluate the valuation methodology and
  three call options, pursuant to which the Group has the       assumptions used by management and the
  right, but not an obligation, to acquire 9.09%, 9.09%         external valuation expert in the fair valuation of
  and 20.64% of the equity interest in Particle and New         the acquired assets and call options.
  Particle in the future with maximum considerations of
  RMB126,935,000, RMB126,935,000 and RMB288,023,000             We assessed the valuation assumptions such as
  with adjustment on a pro rata basis, respectively.            discount rate and growth rate by comparing
  Management recorded the call options as financial             these assumptions to market data and historical
  assets.                                                       experiences of the Group in respect of
                                                                companies in the same business.
  It requires estimations and judgements from the Group
  management in terms of the purchase price allocation          We assessed the objectivity, independence,
  and call options. We deemed this acquisition a key audit      competence and relevant experience of the
  matter.                                                       external valuation expert.

  Related disclosures are included in notes 2.4, 3 and 33       We also assessed the adequacy of related
  to the consolidated financial statements.                     disclosures in the consolidated financial
                                                                statements.


                                                                                   Independent Auditor’s Report 51
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

     Key audit matter                                           How our audit addressed the key audit matter


     Impairment of goodwill

     As at 31 December 2022, the Group’s goodwill amounted      We obtained an understanding of the process in
     to HK$1,184,396,000, of which HK$555,169,000,              place in the impairment assessment of goodwill.
     HK$52,957,000 and HK$576,270,000 were allocated to
     the Content Monetization cash-generating unit (“CGU”),     We discussed with management and assessed
     the Content Protection CGU and the Particle Technology     the allocation of goodwill to different CGUs.
     CGU, respectively.
                                                                We involved our internal specialists to evaluate
     The recoverable amounts of the Content Monetization        the assumptions and methodologies used by the
     CGU and the Content Protection CGU has been                Group, such as the pre-tax discount rate and
     determined based on a value-in-use calculation using       terminal growth rate. We discussed with our
     five-year cash flow projections, and the recoverable       internal specialists regarding their valuation
     amount of the Particle Technology CGU have been            results.
     determined based on a value-in-use calculation using
     eight-year cash flow projections. Considering different    We assessed the recoverable amount of goodwill
     nature of business, the management believes that the       by reviewing the operating cash flows of the
     time period mentioned above is appropriate to each CGU     cash-generating unit, management’s forecasts,
     to reflect continuous revenue growth up to terminal        and the underlying assumptions.
     growth rate. This process involves management to
     estimate a projected number of viewership on videos, a     We also focused on the adequacy of the Group’s
     projected amount of advertisement insert on videos, the    disclosures concerning those assumptions to
     expected future market demand as a result of changes       which the outcome of the impairment test is
     in current market conditions and technology, and the       most sensitive, such as the revenue growth rate,
     latest invoice prices. An assessment was made at the       gross profit margin and the discount rate. They
     end of the reporting period.                               have the most significant effect on the
                                                                determination of the recoverable amount of
     We focused on this area because it requires a high level   goodwill. We assessed the sufficiency of the
     of management judgement and the amount involved is         sensitivity analysis performed by the directors of
     significant.                                               the Company.

     Related disclosures are included in notes 2.4, 3 and 16
     to the consolidated financial statements.




52    Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                   INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

  Key audit matter                                              How our audit addressed the key audit matter


 Recognition of deferred tax assets

  The balance of deferred tax assets as at 31 December          We obtained an understanding of the deferred
  2022 amounted to HK$93,785,000. Deferred tax assets           tax asset calculation and performed substantive
  had been provided for the losses available for offsetting     audit procedures on the recognition of deferred
  against future taxable profits and temporary differences      tax balances based on local tax regulations, and
  arising between the tax bases of assets and liabilities       on the analysis of the recoverability of the
  and their carrying amounts in the financial statements.       deferred tax assets.
  The Group had tax losses and unutilised deduction
  arising in the United States of HK$200,137,000 as at 31       We evaluated the Group’s assumptions and
  December 2022 that will expire in twenty years for            estimates in relation to the likelihood of
  offsetting against future taxable profits. The deferred tax   generating sufficient future taxable income
  assets were calculated at a composite statutory tax rate      based on budgets and plans, principally by
  of 27.10%, which consisted of a federal income tax rate       performing sensitivity analyses and evaluating
  and multiple state income tax rates. The assessment of        and testing the key assumptions used to
  future taxable income and the recognition of deferred         determine the amounts recognised.
  tax assets requires judgement and estimates such as
  forecasted profits and the impact of potential future tax     We also involved our internal specialists to
  reforms on the deferred tax asset amounts and was             support us in these procedures in order to assess
  therefore significant to our audit.                           the accuracy of the deferred tax asset
                                                                recognition.
  Related disclosures are included in notes 2.4, 3 and 28
  to the consolidated financial statements.                     We also assessed the adequacy of related
                                                                disclosures in the consolidated financial
                                                                statements.



Other information included in the Annual Report

The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
information included in the Annual Report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report
thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express
any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the
consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially
misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this
other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.




                                                                                   Independent Auditor’s Report 53
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

     Responsibilities of the directors for the consolidated financial
     statements

     The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that
     give a true and fair view in accordance with IFRSs issued by the IASB and the disclosure requirements of the Hong
     Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors of the Company determine is necessary
     to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether
     due to fraud or error.

     In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Company are responsible for assessing the
     Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and
     using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors of the Company either intend to liquidate the
     Group or to cease operations or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

     The directors of the Company are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for
     overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.



     Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial
     statements

     Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole
     are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes
     our opinion. Our report is made solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility
     towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.

     Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance
     with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error
     and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the
     economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

     As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional
     scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

     •    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due
          to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence
          that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material
          misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion,
          forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

     •    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
          appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of
          the Group’s internal control.

     •    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates
          and related disclosures made by the directors.




54       Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                   INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

•    Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based
     on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that
     may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a
     material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures
     in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our
     conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future
     events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

•    Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including
     the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions
     and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

•    Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business
     activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible
     for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit
     opinion.

We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the
audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during
our audit.

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be
thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards
applied.

From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key
audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public
disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be
communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to
outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Siu Fung Terence Ho.




Ernst & Young
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong

31 March 2023




                                                                                     Independent Auditor’s Report 55
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
     Year ended 31 December 2022



                                                               2022        2021
                                                   Notes    HK$’000     HK$’000


       REVENUE                                      5      1,442,670     686,528
       Cost of services provided                            (851,958)   (337,757)


       Gross profit                                          590,712     348,771
       Other income and gains                       5         53,491        5,516
       Selling and marketing expenses                       (151,951)     (97,862)
       Administrative expenses                              (162,912)   (128,840)
       Research and development expenses                    (133,129)    (111,840)
       Finance costs                                 7       (92,772)     (20,174)
       Share of losses of an associate              18           (93)        (108)
       Other expenses                                        (10,804)     (10,339)


       PROFIT/(LOSS) BEFORE TAX                     6        92,542      (14,876)

       Income tax expense                           10      (34,439)      (7,801)


       PROFIT/(LOSS) FOR THE YEAR                            58,103      (22,677)


       Attributable to:
         Owners of the Company                               42,002      (22,677)
         Non-controlling interests                            16,101          —


                                                             58,103      (22,677)


       EARNINGS/(LOSS) PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO
         OWNERS OF THE COMPANY
       Basic
       — for profit/(loss) for the year (HK$)       12       0.0198      (0.0119)


       Diluted
       — for profit/(loss) for the year (HK$)       12       0.0196      (0.0119)




56      Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2022
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                               Year ended 31 December 2022



                                                                               2022              2021
                                                                            HK$’000           HK$’000


PROFIT/(LOSS) FOR THE YEAR                                                    58,103           (22,677)


OTHER COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS)/INCOME
Other comprehensive (loss)/income that may be reclassified to
  profit or loss in subsequent periods:
  Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                 (106,662)           12,706


OTHER COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS)/INCOME FOR THE YEAR, NET OF TAX                  (106,662)           12,706


TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE LOSS FOR THE YEAR                                        (48,559)            (9,971)


Attributable to:
  Owners of the Company                                                     (60,580)             (9,971)
  Non-controlling interests                                                   12,021                 —


                                                                             (48,559)            (9,971)




                                                      Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 57
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
     31 December 2022



                                                                           2022         2021
                                                               Notes    HK$’000      HK$’000


       NON-CURRENT ASSETS
       Property, plant and equipment                            13        47,140       26,190
       Investment properties                                    14        66,446      45,328
       Right-of-use assets                                     15(a)      20,129      23,239
       Goodwill                                                 16     1,184,396     607,297
       Other intangible assets                                  17      388,056       111,449
       Investment in associates                                 18          1,018          —
       Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss    22       193,481       48,316
       Deferred tax assets                                      28        93,785      83,603
       Prepayments and deposits                                 21          1,951       1,986


       Total non-current assets                                        1,996,402     947,408


       CURRENT ASSETS
       Inventories                                              19        17,092          —
       Trade receivables                                        20      686,151      269,637
       Prepayments, other receivables and other assets          21       114,479      50,877
       Tax recoverable                                                    11,863       5,363
       Pledged deposits                                         23      207,843           —
       Cash and cash equivalents                                23      226,495      496,865


       Total current assets                                            1,263,923     822,742


       CURRENT LIABILITIES
       Trade payables                                           24      279,691      136,218
       Other payables and accruals                              25       71,089       25,709
       Interest-bearing bank borrowing                          26      652,654           —
       Lease liabilities                                       15(b)      11,496       9,473
       Tax payable                                                       34,606       20,094
       Convertible bonds                                        27         4,680          —


       Total current liabilities                                       1,054,216     191,494


       NET CURRENT ASSETS                                               209,707      631,248


       TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                           2,206,109    1,578,656




58      Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2022
            CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                              31 December 2022



                                                                     2022            2021
                                                       Notes      HK$’000         HK$’000


 NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
 Convertible bonds                                      27          97,006              —
 Interest-bearing borrowings                            26         351,232              —
 Lease liabilities                                     15(b)         9,695          14,790
 Deferred tax liabilities                               28          74,541          27,543


 Total non-current liabilities                                    532,474           42,333


 Net assets                                                      1,673,635       1,536,323


 EQUITY
 Equity attributable to owners of the Company
 Share capital                                          29             417              417
 Treasury shares                                        29         (79,893)         (62,437)
 Equity component of convertible bonds                  27           8,614               —
 Reserves                                               31       1,563,311       1,598,343


                                                                 1,492,449       1,536,323
 Non-controlling interests                                          181,186             —


 Total equity                                                    1,673,635       1,536,323




Yangbin Bernard WANG                            KWAN Ngai Kit
Director                                        Director




                                                Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 59
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
     Year ended 31 December 2022



                                                                                           Attributable to owners of the parent

                                                                  Equity
                                                            component of                                           Share    Exchange                                   Non-
                                        Share Treasury        convertible     Share    Merger      Other compensation fluctuation Accumulated                     controlling      Total
                                       capital    shares          bonds     premium*   reserve*   reserve*       reserve*     reserve*      losses*      Total     interests      equity
                                      HK$’000 HK$’000           HK$’000     HK$’000 HK$’000 HK$’000             HK$’000     HK$’000        HK$’000    HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000


       At 1 January 2022                  417    (62,437)              — 1,414,421      2,916     199,151         34,718          10,471   (63,334) 1,536,323             — 1,536,323
       Profit for the year                 —                           —                    —                          —                    42,002     42,002         16,101     58,103
       Exchange differences related
          to foreign operations            —          —                —         —          —          —               —    (102,582)           —     (102,582)      (4,080) (106,662)


       Total comprehensive loss
          for the year                     —          —                —         —          —          —               —    (102,582)       42,002    (60,580)        12,021    (48,599)
       Acquisition of subsidiaries         —          —                —         —          —          —               —              —         —           —       169,165     169,165
       Equity-settled share option
          arrangements                     —     27,006                —     (8,823)        —          —          34,371              —         —      52,554             —      52,554
       Issue of convertible bonds          —          —            8,614         —          —          —               —              —         —        8,614            —       8,614
       Shares repurchased under
          Share Award Plan                 —     (44,462)              —         —          —          —               —              —         —     (44,462)            —     (44,462)


       As at 31 December 2022             417    (79,893)          8,614 1,405,598      2,916     199,151        69,089       (92,111)     (21,332) 1,492,449        181,186 1,673,635




60       Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                                                                  Year ended 31 December 2022



                                                                                  Attributable to owners of the Company

                                                                   Equity
                                                             component of                                             Share    Exchange
                                        Share    Treasury      convertible      Share     Merger      Other compensation       fluctuation Accumulated       Total
                                       capital    shares           bonds     premium*    reserve*   reserve*        reserve*     reserve*       losses*    equity
                                      HK$’000    HK$’000         HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000    HK$’000        HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000


    At 1 January 2021                    359      (21,984)         11,590     610,933      2,916     199,151         28,793       (2,235)      (40,657)   788,866
    Loss for the year                      —           —               —           —          —          —                —           —        (22,677)   (22,677)
    Exchange differences related
       to foreign operations               —           —               —           —          —          —                —       12,706            —      12,706


    Total comprehensive loss
       for the year                        —           —               —           —          —          —                —       12,706       (22,677)     (9,971)
    Issue of shares                        17          —               —     629,685          —          —                —           —             —     629,702
    Equity-settled share option
       arrangements                        11      18,991              —       65,221         —          —            5,925           —             —      90,148
    Issue of shares upon conversion
       of convertible bonds                30          —          (11,590)    108,582         —          —                —           —             —      97,022
    Shares repurchased under
       Share Award Plan                    —     (59,444)              —           —          —          —                —           —             —     (59,444)


    As at 31 December 2021                417    (62,437)              —     1,414,421     2,916     199,151         34,718       10,471      (63,334) 1,536,323


*        These reserve accounts comprise the consolidated other reserves of HK$1,563,311 (2021: HK$1,598,343,000) in the consolidated statement
         of financial position.




                                                                                            Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 61
     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
     Year ended 31 December 2022



                                                                                2022          2021
                                                                    Notes    HK$’000       HK$’000


       CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
       Profit/(loss) before tax                                                92,542       (14,876)

       Adjustments for:
       Finance costs                                                  7        92,772        20,174
       Interest income                                                5        (4,549)        (1,615)
       Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                 13         6,523         1,028
       Changes in fair value of investment properties                14        (6,962)         (447)
       Depreciation of right-of-use assets                          15(a)      11,887        10,676
       Loss on disposal of items of property, plant and equipment
         and right-of-use assets                                    13,15         460           —
       Amortisation of other intangible assets                       17        67,812       11,745
       Impairment of financial assets                                20           684           65
       Changes in fair value of financial assets at FVTPL                     (17,039)       5,075
       Share of losses of an associate                               18            93          108
       Equity-settled share compensation expense                               52,554       67,387


                                                                              296,777       99,320

       Increase in inventories                                                   (9,701)         —
       Increase in trade receivables                                          (163,641)    (200,183)
       (Increase)/decrease in prepayments and other assets                     (56,339)       3,242
       Decrease/(increase) in deposits and other receivables                  267,085        (2,086)
       (Decrease)/increase in other payables                                 (243,682)        4,496
       (Decrease)/increase in trade payables                                   (22,579)      85,257


       Cash generated from/(used in) operations                                67,920        (9,954)
       Interest received                                                        4,549          1,615
       Interest paid                                                             (861)          (877)
       Overseas taxes (paid)/refunded                                         (34,000)           443


       Net cash flows from/(used in) operating activities                      37,608        (8,773)


       CASH FLOWS USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES
       Purchases of items of property, plant and equipment                      (9,511)    (25,852)
       Purchases of items of other intangible assets                          (95,575)     (40,430)
       Purchases of investment properties                                     (17,466)      (44,881)
       Acquisition of a subsidiary                                   33      (919,149)           —
       Purchase of a shareholding in an associate                                   —          (108)
       Proceed from disposal of financial assets at FVTPL                      13,782            —
       Purchases of financial assets                                                —       (53,391)


       Net cash flows (used in) investing activities                        (1,027,919)    (164,662)


62      Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                         CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                                     Year ended 31 December 2022



                                                                                    2022               2021
                                                                      Notes      HK$’000            HK$’000


CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Proceeds from issue of convertible bonds                             27, 34(b)    106,377                  —
Issue of shares                                                                          —           629,702
New bank loans                                                        34(b)        914,718                 —
Pledged for bank loans                                                           (207,843)                 —
Purchase of shares held under the Share Award Plan                      29          44,462           (59,444)
Interest paid                                                                      (44,169)           (6,308)
Repayment of other borrowings                                                            —          (155,050)
Principal portion of lease payments                                   34(b)         (11,075)          (10,191)


Net cash flows from financing activities                                          713,546           398,709


NET (DECREASE)/INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                             (276,765)          225,274
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                          23        496,865           262,362
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net                                        6,395             9,229


CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF YEAR                                         226,495            496,865


ANALYSIS OF BALANCES OF CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
Cash and bank balances                                                            203,615           429,157
Time deposits with original maturity of less than
  three months when acquired                                                       22,880             67,708


Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the statement of cash flows      23       226,495            496,865




                                                                     Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 63
     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2022



     1.    CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION

           Vobile Group Limited was incorporated as an exempted company with limited liability in the Cayman Islands
           on 28 July, 2016 under the Companies Law, Chapter 22 of the Cayman Islands. The registered address of
           the office of the Company is Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive, P.O. Box 2681, Grand Cayman KY1-1111, Cayman
           Islands.

           The Company is an investment holding company. During the year, the Group is principally engaged in
           providing Software as a Service (“SaaS”).

           Information about subsidiaries
           Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are as follows:

                                                                      Place and date of        Nominal value of Percentage of equity
                                                                         incorporation/        issued ordinary/     attributable
                                                                       registration and             registered    to the company            Principal
                Name                                                  place of business           share capital    Direct    Indirect       activities

                Vobile, Inc. (“Vobile US”)*                                United States             US$80,000             —        100%         SaaS
                                                                           20 May, 2005

                Vobile Japan, Inc. (“Vobile Japan”)*                             Japan           JPY20,000,000       99.75%            —         SaaS
                                                                     5 September, 2009

                Vobile Group (HK) Limited (“Vobile HK”)                     Hong Kong             HK$1,000,000          100%           —         SaaS
                                                                     18 December, 2014

                Hangzhou Vobile Technology Co. Ltd.                 PRC/Mainland China         RMB200,000,000              —        100%         SaaS
                  (“Vobile Hangzhou”)                                 8 February, 2018

                Vobile Australia PTY., Ltd.                                    Australia                   AUD1            —        100%         SaaS
                  (“Vobile Australia”)                                 23 October, 2018

                Guangzhou Vobile Technology Co. Ltd.                PRC/Mainland China          RMB50,000,000              —        100%         SaaS
                  (“Vobile Guangzhou”)                                  25 March, 2019

                Hangzhou Particle Culture Technology Co., Ltd.      PRC/Mainland China           RMB41,523,808             —      61.18%         SaaS
                  (“Particle”)                                       15 December 2014

                Hangzhou New Particle Culture Technology Co.,       PRC/Mainland China           RMB41,523,808             —      61.18%         SaaS
                  Ltd. (“New Particle”)**                             28 January 2022

                Wuhan Vobile Technology Co. Ltd.                    PRC/Mainland China          RMB50,000,000              —        100%         SaaS
                 (“Vobile Wuhan”)                                        24 June, 2021

                Zhejiang Shanxun Network Technology Co. Ltd.        PRC/Mainland China          RMB 20,000,000             —      61.18%         SaaS
                                                                       13 October 2015

                Zhejiang Vobile Media Technology Co. Ltd.           PRC/Mainland China         RMB100,000,000              —        100%         SaaS
                  (“Vobile Zhejiang”)                                      5 July, 2021

                Zhejiang Yanhua Culture Technology Co. Ltd.         PRC/Mainland China         RMB100,000,000              —      61.18%         SaaS
                                                                          6 June 2016


           Note:

           *        As at the date of this report, no audited financial statements of Vobile US and Vobile Japan have been prepared since the date of
                    incorporation as these entities were not subject to any statutory audit requirements under the relevant rules and regulations in the
                    jurisdictions of incorporation.

           **       No audited financial statements have been prepared for these entities for the years ended 31 December 2022, as these entities were
                    newly registered in 2022.




64        Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2022
               NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                         31 December 2022



1.   CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION (Continued)

     During the year, the Group acquired 61.18% interest in the Particle Technology. Further details of this
     acquisition are included in notes 32 and 33 to the financial statements.

     The above table lists the subsidiaries of the Company which, in the opinion of the directors, principally
     affected the results for the year or formed a substantial portion of the net assets of the Group. To give
     details of other subsidiaries would, in the opinion of the directors, result in particulars of excessive length.



2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION

     These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting
     Standards (“IFRSs”), which comprise all standards and interpretations approved by the International
     Accounting Standards Board (the “IASB”) and International Accounting Standards (“IASs”) and Standing
     Interpretations Committee interpretations approved by the International Accounting Standards Committee
     that remain in effect, and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. They have
     been prepared under the historical cost convention, except for investment properties and financial assets at
     fair value through profit or loss which have been measured at fair value.

     Basis of consolidation
     The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries
     (collectively referred to as the “Group”) for the year ended 31 December 2022. A subsidiary is an entity
     (including a structured entity), directly or indirectly, controlled by the Company. Control is achieved when the
     Group is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee and has the ability
     to affect those returns through its power over the investee (i.e., existing rights that give the Group the
     current ability to direct the relevant activities of the investee).

     Generally, there is a presumption that a majority of voting rights results in control. When the Company has,
     directly or indirectly, less than a majority of the voting or similar rights of an investee, the Group considers all
     relevant facts and circumstances in assessing whether it has power over an investee, including:

     (a)   the contractual arrangement with the other vote holders of the investee;

     (b)   rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and

     (c)   the Group’s voting rights and potential voting rights.

     The financial statements of the subsidiaries are prepared for the same reporting period as the Company,
     using consistent accounting policies. The results of subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on which the
     Group obtains control, and continue to be consolidated until the date that such control ceases.

     Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the
     Company. All intra-group assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to
     transactions between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.




                                                                     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 65
     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2022



     2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION (Continued)

          Basis of consolidation (Continued)
          The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there
          are changes to one or more of the three elements of control described above. A change in the ownership
          interest of a subsidiary, without a loss of control, is accounted for as an equity transaction.

          If the Group loses control over a subsidiary, it derecognises (i) the assets and liabilities of the subsidiary, (ii)
          the carrying amount of any non-controlling interest and (iii) the cumulative translation differences recorded in
          equity; and recognises (i) the fair value of the consideration received, (ii) the fair value of any investment
          retained and (iii) any resulting surplus or deficit in profit or loss. The Group’s share of components previously
          recognised in other comprehensive income is reclassified to profit or loss or retained profits, as appropriate,
          on the same basis as would be required if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities.



     2.2 CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES

          The Group has adopted the following new and revised IFRSs for the first time for the current year’s financial
          statements.

          Amendments to IFRS 3                           Reference to the Conceptual Framework
          Amendments to IAS 16                           Property, Plant and Equipment: Proceeds before Intended Use
          Amendments to IAS 37                           Onerous Contracts — Cost of Fulfilling a Contract
          Annual Improvements to IFRS Standards          Amendments to IFRS1, IFRS9, Illustrative Examples
           2018–2020                                       accompanying IFRS 16, and IAS 41

          The nature and the impact of the revised IFRSs that are applicable to the Group are described below:

          (a)   Amendments to IFRS 3 replace a reference to the previous Framework for the Preparation and
                Presentation of Financial Statements with a reference to the Conceptual Framework for Financial
                Reporting (the “Conceptual Framework”) issued in March 2018 without significantly changing its
                requirements. The amendments also add to IFRS 3 an exception to its recognition principle for an entity
                to refer to the Conceptual Framework to determine what constitutes an asset or a liability. The
                exception specifies that, for liabilities and contingent liabilities that would be within the scope of IAS 37
                or IFRIC 21 if they were incurred separately rather than assumed in a business combination, an entity
                applying IFRS 3 should refer to IAS 37 or IFRIC 21 respectively instead of the Conceptual Framework.
                Furthermore, the amendments clarify that contingent assets do not qualify for recognition at the
                acquisition date. The Group has applied the amendments prospectively to business combinations that
                occurred on or after 1 January 2022. As there were no contingent assets, liabilities and contingent
                liabilities within the scope of the amendments arising in the business combination that occurred during
                the year, the amendments did not have any impact on the financial position and performance of the
                Group.




66      Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2022
              NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                       31 December 2022



2.2 CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES (Continued)

   (b)   Amendments to IAS 16 prohibit an entity from deducting from the cost of an item of property, plant and
         equipment any proceeds from selling items produced while bringing that asset to the location and
         condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by management. Instead,
         an entity recognises the proceeds from selling any such items, and the cost of those items as
         determined by IAS 2 Inventories, in profit or loss. The Group has applied the amendments
         retrospectively to items of property, plant and equipment made available for use on or after 1 January
         2021. Since there was no sale of items produced prior to the property, plant and equipment being
         available for use, the amendments did not have any impact on the financial position or performance of
         the Group.

   (c)   Amendments to IAS 37 clarify that for the purpose of assessing whether a contract is onerous under
         IAS 37, the cost of fulfilling the contract comprises the costs that relate directly to the contract. Costs
         that relate directly to a contract include both the incremental costs of fulfilling that contract (e.g., direct
         labour and materials) and an allocation of other costs that relate directly to fulfilling that contract (e.g.,
         an allocation of the depreciation charge for an item of property, plant and equipment used in fulfilling
         the contract as well as contract management and supervision costs). General and administrative costs
         do not relate directly to a contract and are excluded unless they are explicitly chargeable to the
         counterparty under the contract. The Group has applied the amendments prospectively to contracts for
         which it has not yet fulfilled all its obligations at 1 January 2022 and no onerous contracts were
         identified. Therefore, the amendments did not have any impact on the financial position or performance
         of the Group.

   (d)   Annual Improvements to IFRS Standards 2018–2020 sets out amendments to IFRS 1, IFRS 9, Illustrative
         Examples accompanying IFRS 16, and IAS 41. Details of the amendment that is applicable to the Group
         are as follows:

         IFRS 9 Financial Instruments : clarifies the fees that an entity includes when assessing whether the
         terms of a new or modified financial liability are substantially different from the terms of the original
         financial liability. These fees include only those paid or received between the borrower and the lender,
         including fees paid or received by either the borrower or lender on the other’s behalf. The Group has
         applied the amendment prospectively from 1 January 2022. As there was no modification or exchange
         of the Group’s financial liabilities during the year, the amendment did not have any impact on the
         financial position or performance of the Group.




                                                                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 67
     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2022



     2.3 ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING
         STANDARDS

          The Group has not applied the following new and revised IFRSs, which have been issued but are not yet
          effective, in these financial statements:

          Amendments to IFRS 10 and                             Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its
            IAS 28                                                Associate or Joint Venture 3
          Amendments to IFRS 16                                 Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback 2
          IFRS 17                                               Insurance Contracts 1
          Amendments to IFRS 17                                 Insurance Contracts 1, 5
          Amendment to IFRS 17                                  Initial Application of IFRS 17 and IFRS 9 — Comparative
                                                                  Information 6
          Amendments to IAS 1                                   Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current
                                                                   (the “2020 Amendments”)2, 4
          Amendments to IAS 1                                   Non-current Liabilities with Covenants (the “2022 Amendments”) 2
          Amendments to IAS 1 and                               Disclosure of Accounting Policies 1
           IFRS Practice Statement 2
          Amendments to IAS 8                                   Definition of Accounting Estimates 1
          Amendments to IAS 12                                  Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising
                                                                 from a Single Transaction 1

          1
                Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023
          2
                Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024
          3
                No mandatory effective date yet determined but available for adoption
          4
                As a consequence of the 2022 Amendments, the effective date of the 2020 Amendments was deferred to annual periods beginning
                on or after 1 January 2024.
          5
                As a consequence of the amendments to IFRS 17 issued in June 2020, IFRS 4 was amended to extend the temporary exemption that
                permits insurers to apply IAS 39 rather than IFRS 9 for annual periods beginning before 1 January 2023
          6
                An entity that chooses to apply the transition option relating to the classification overlay set out in this amendment shall apply it on
                initial application of IFRS 17.


          The directors of the Group considered that the application of the above issued but not yet effective IFRSs
          will not have a material impact on the Group’s consolidated financial results.



     2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

          Investments in associates
          An associate is an entity in which the Group has a long term interest of generally not less than 20% of the
          equity voting rights and over which it is in a position to exercise significant influence. Significant influence is
          the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee, but is not control or
          joint control over those policies.




68      Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2022
             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                 31 December 2022



2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

   Investments in associates (Continued)
   The Group’s investments in associates and joint ventures are stated in the consolidated statement of
   financial position at the Group’s share of net assets under the equity method of accounting, less any
   impairment losses.

   The Group’s share of the post-acquisition results and other comprehensive income of associates is included
   in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and consolidated other comprehensive income, respectively.
   In addition, when there has been a change recognised directly in the equity of the associate, the Group
   recognises its share of any changes, when applicable, in the consolidated statement of changes in equity.
   Unrealised gains and losses resulting from transactions between the Group and its associates are eliminated
   to the extent of the Group’s investments in the associates, except where unrealised losses provide evidence
   of an impairment of the assets transferred. Goodwill arising from the acquisition of associates is included as
   part of the Group’s investments in associates.

   If an investment in an associate becomes an investment in a joint venture, the retained interest is not
   remeasured. Instead, the investment continues to be accounted for under the equity method. In all other
   cases, upon loss of significant influence over the associate, the Group measures and recognises any retained
   investment at its fair value. Any difference between the carrying amount of the associate upon loss of
   significant influence and the fair value of the retained investment and proceeds from disposal is recognised
   in profit or loss.

   When an investment in an associate is classified as held for sale, it is accounted for in accordance with
   IFRS 5 Non-current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations.

   Business combinations and goodwill
   Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred is
   measured at the acquisition date fair value which is the sum of the acquisition date fair values of assets
   transferred by the Group, liabilities assumed by the Group to the former owners of the acquiree and the
   equity interests issued by the Group in exchange for control of the acquiree. For each business combination,
   the Group elects whether to measure the non-controlling interests in the acquiree that are present ownership
   interests and entitle their holders to a proportionate share of net assets in the event of liquidation at fair
   value or at the proportionate share of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets. All other components of non-
   controlling interests are measured at fair value. Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred.

   The Group determines that it has acquired a business when the acquired set of activities and assets includes
   an input and a substantive process that together significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs.

   When the Group acquires a business, it assesses the financial assets and liabilities assumed for appropriate
   classification and designation in accordance with the contractual terms, economic circumstances and
   pertinent conditions as at the acquisition date. This includes the separation of embedded derivatives in host
   contracts of the acquiree.

   If the business combination is achieved in stages, the previously held equity interest is remeasured at its
   acquisition date fair value and any resulting gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss.




                                                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 69
     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2022



     2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

          Business combinations and goodwill (Continued)
          Any contingent consideration to be transferred by the acquirer is recognised at fair value at the acquisition
          date. Contingent consideration classified as an asset or liability is measured at fair value with changes in fair
          value recognised in profit or loss. Contingent consideration that is classified as equity is not remeasured and
          subsequent settlement is accounted for within equity.

          Goodwill is initially measured at cost, being the excess of the aggregate of the consideration transferred, the
          amount recognised for non-controlling interests and any fair value of the Group’s previously held equity
          interests in the acquiree over the identifiable net assets acquired and liabilities assumed. If the sum of this
          consideration and other items is lower than the fair value of the net assets acquired, the difference is, after
          reassessment, recognised in profit or loss as a gain on bargain purchase.

          After initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less any accumulated impairment losses. Goodwill is
          tested for impairment annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
          carrying value may be impaired. The Group performs its annual impairment test of goodwill as at 31
          December. For impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business combination is, from the acquisition date,
          allocated to each of the Group’s cash-generating units, or groups of cash-generating units, that are expected
          to benefit from the synergies of the combination, irrespective of whether other assets or liabilities of the
          Group are assigned to those units or groups of units.

          Impairment is determined by assessing the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit (group of cash-
          generating units) to which the goodwill relates. Where the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit
          (group of cash-generating units) is less than the carrying amount, an impairment loss is recognised. An
          impairment loss recognised for goodwill is not reversed in a subsequent period.

          Where goodwill has been allocated to a cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units) and part of
          the operation within that unit is disposed of, the goodwill associated with the operation disposed of is
          included in the carrying amount of the operation when determining the gain or loss on the disposal. Goodwill
          disposed of in these circumstances is measured based on the relative value of the operation disposed of and
          the portion of the cash-generating unit retained.

          Fair value measurement
          The Group measures its financial instruments at fair value at the end of each reporting period. Fair value is
          the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
          between market participants at the measurement date. The fair value measurement is based on the
          presumption that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either in the principal
          market for the asset or liability, or in the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for
          the asset or liability. The principal or the most advantageous market must be accessible by the Group. The
          fair value of an asset or a liability is measured using the assumptions that market participants would use
          when pricing the asset or liability, assuming that market participants act in their economic best interest.

          A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant’s ability to generate
          economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another market participant
          that would use the asset in its highest and best use.




70      Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2022
             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     31 December 2022



2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

   Fair value measurement (Continued)
   The Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient data
   are available to measure fair value, maximising the use of relevant observable inputs and minimising the use
   of unobservable inputs.

   All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the financial statements are
   categorised within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is
   significant to the fair value measurement as a whole:

   Level 1   —     based on quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
   Level 2   —     based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair
                   value measurement is observable, either directly or indirectly
   Level 3   —     based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair
                   value measurement is unobservable

   For assets and liabilities that are recognised in the financial statements on a recurring basis, the Group
   determines whether transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by reassessing categorisation
   (based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole) at the end of
   each reporting period.

   Impairment of non-financial assets
   Where an indication of impairment exists, or when annual impairment testing for an asset is required (other
   financial assets), the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated. An asset’s recoverable amount is the higher of
   the asset’s or cash-generating unit’s value in use and its fair value less costs of disposal, and is determined
   for an individual asset, unless the asset does not generate cash inflows that are largely independent of those
   from other assets or groups of assets, in which case the recoverable amount is determined for the cash-
   generating unit to which the asset belongs. In testing a cash-generating unit for impairment, a portion of the
   carrying amount of a corporate asset (e.g., a headquarters building) is allocated to an individual cash-
   generating unit if it can be allocated on a reasonable and consistent basis or, otherwise, to the smallest
   group of cash-generating units.

   An impairment loss is recognised only if the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its recoverable amount. In
   assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax
   discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to
   the asset. An impairment loss is charged to profit or loss in the period in which it arises in those expense
   categories consistent with the function of the impaired asset.

   An assessment is made at the end of each reporting period as to whether there is an indication that
   previously recognised impairment losses may no longer exist or may have decreased. If such an indication
   exists, the recoverable amount is estimated. A previously recognised impairment loss of an asset other than
   goodwill is reversed only if there has been a change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable
   amount of that asset, but not to an amount higher than the carrying amount that would have been
   determined (net of any depreciation/amortisation) had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset in
   prior years. A reversal of such an impairment loss is credited to profit or loss in the period in which it arises,
   unless the asset is carried at a revalued amount, in which case the reversal of the impairment loss is
   accounted for in accordance with the relevant accounting policy for that revalued asset.

                                                                 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 71
     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2022



     2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

          Related parties
          A party is considered to be related to the Group if:

          (a)   the party is a person or a close member of that person’s family and that person

                (i)     has control or joint control over the Group;

                (ii)    has significant influence over the Group; or

                (iii)   is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or of a parent of the Group;

          or

          (b)   the party is an entity where any of the following conditions applies:

                (i)     the entity and the Group are members of the same group;

                (ii)    one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or of a parent, subsidiary or fellow
                        subsidiary of the other entity);

                (iii)   the entity and the Group are joint ventures of the same third party;

                (iv)    one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity;

                (v)     the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or
                        an entity related to the Group;

                (vi)    the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a);

                (vii) a person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key
                      management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity); and

                (viii) the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel
                       services to the Group or to the parent of the Group.

          Property, plant and equipment and depreciation
          Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and any impairment losses.
          The cost of an item of property, plant and equipment comprises its purchase price and any directly
          attributable costs of bringing the asset to its working condition and location for its intended use.

          Expenditure incurred after items of property, plant and equipment have been put into operation, such as
          repairs and maintenance, is normally charged to profit or loss in the period in which it is incurred. In situations
          where the recognition criteria are satisfied, the expenditure for a major inspection is capitalised in the
          carrying amount of the asset as a replacement. Where significant parts of property, plant and equipment are
          required to be replaced at intervals, the Group recognises such parts as individual assets with specific useful
          lives and depreciates them accordingly.

72      Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2022
             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    31 December 2022



2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

   Property, plant and equipment and depreciation (Continued)
   Depreciation is calculated on the straight-line basis to write off the cost of each item of property, plant and
   equipment to its residual value over its estimated useful life. The principal annual rates used for this purpose
   are as follows:

   Computer equipment                       10%–25%
   Leasehold improvements                   Over the shorter of lease terms and 20%
   Furniture and fixtures                   10%–33%
   Motor vehicles                           20%–25%

   Where parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, the cost of that item is
   allocated on a reasonable basis among the parts and each part is depreciated separately. Residual values,
   useful lives and the depreciation method are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at least at each financial
   year end.

   An item of property, plant and equipment including any significant part initially recognised is derecognised
   upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal. Any gain or loss on
   disposal or retirement recognised in profit or loss in the year the asset is derecognised is the difference
   between the net sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the relevant asset.

   Construction in progress represents a building under construction, which is stated at cost less any
   impairment losses, and is not depreciated. Cost comprises the direct costs of construction and capitalised
   borrowing costs on related borrowed funds during the period of construction. Construction in progress is
   reclassified to the appropriate category of property, plant and equipment when completed and ready for use.

   Investment properties
   Investment properties are interests in land and buildings (including the leasehold property held as a right-of-
   use asset which would otherwise meet the definition of an investment property) held to earn rental income
   and/or for capital appreciation, rather than for use in the production or supply of goods or services or for
   administrative purposes; or for sale in the ordinary course of business. Such properties are measured initially
   at cost, including transaction costs. Subsequent to initial recognition, investment properties are stated at fair
   value, which reflects market conditions at the end of the reporting period.

   Gains or losses arising from changes in the fair values of investment properties are included in the statement
   of profit or loss in the year in which they arise.

   Any gains or losses on the retirement or disposal of an investment property are recognised in the statement
   of profit or loss in the year of the retirement or disposal.




                                                                 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 73
     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2022



     2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

          Intangible assets (other than goodwill)
          Intangible assets acquired separately are measured on initial recognition at cost. The cost of intangible
          assets acquired in a business combination is the fair value at the date of acquisition. The useful lives of
          intangible assets are assessed to be finite. Intangible assets with finite lives are subsequently amortised over
          the useful economic life and assessed for impairment whenever there is an indication that the intangible
          asset may be impaired. The amortisation period and the amortisation method for an intangible asset with a
          finite useful life are reviewed at least at each financial year end.

          Intangible assets with definite useful lives are amortised on the straight-line basis over the following
          economic useful lives.

          Deferred development cost                10 years
          Software                                 1 to 10 years
          Copyright                                1 to 5 years
          Technology                               3 to 10 years
          Customer relationship                    5 years

          Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives are tested for impairment annually either individually or at the
          cash-generating unit level. Such intangible assets are not amortised. The useful life of an intangible asset
          with an indefinite life is reviewed annually to determine whether the indefinite life assessment continues to
          be supportable. If not, the change in the useful life assessment from indefinite to finite is accounted for on a
          prospective basis.

          Research and development costs
          All research costs are charged to profit or loss as incurred.

          Expenditure incurred on projects to develop new products is capitalised and deferred only when the Group
          can demonstrate the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for use
          or sale, its intention to complete and its ability to use or sell the asset, how the asset will generate future
          economic benefits, the availability of resources to complete the project and the ability to measure reliably the
          expenditure during the development. Product development expenditure which does not meet these criteria is
          expensed when incurred.

          Deferred development costs are stated at cost less any impairment losses and are amortised using the
          straight-line basis over the commercial lives of the underlying products, commencing from the date when the
          products are put into commercial production.

          Leases
          The Group assesses at contract inception whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or
          contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time
          in exchange for consideration.

          Group as a lessee
          The Group applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases, except for short-term
          leases and leases of low-value assets. The Group recognises lease liabilities to make lease payments and
          right-of-use assets representing the right to use the underlying assets.

74      Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2022
            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   31 December 2022



2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

   Leases (Continued)
   Group as a lessee (Continued)
   (a) Right-of-use assets
        Right-of-use assets are recognised at the commencement date of the lease (that is the date the
        underlying asset is available for use). Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated
        depreciation and any impairment losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities. The
        cost of right-of-use assets includes the amount of lease liabilities recognised, initial direct costs
        incurred, and lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives
        received. Right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease
        terms and the estimated useful lives of the assets as follows:

        Offices                                  2 to 6 years

        If ownership of the leased asset transfers to the Group by the end of the lease term or the cost reflects
        the exercise of a purchase option, depreciation is calculated using the estimated useful life of the asset.

   (b) Lease liabilities
        Lease liabilities are recognised at the commencement date of the lease at the present value of lease
        payments to be made over the lease term. The lease payments include fixed payments (including in-
        substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable, variable lease payments that depend
        on an index or a rate, and amounts expected to be paid under residual value guarantees. The lease
        payments also include the exercise price of a purchase option reasonably certain to be exercised by
        the Group and payments of penalties for termination of a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group
        exercising the option to terminate the lease. The variable lease payments that do not depend on an
        index or a rate are recognised as an expense in the period in which the event or condition that triggers
        the payment occurs.

        In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses its incremental borrowing rate at the
        lease commencement date because the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable.
        After the commencement date, the amount of lease liabilities is increased to reflect the accretion of
        interest and reduced for the lease payments made. In addition, the carrying amount of lease liabilities is
        remeasured if there is a modification, a change in the lease term, a change in lease payments (e.g., a
        change to future lease payments resulting from a change in an index or rate) or a change in assessment
        of an option to purchase the underlying asset.

   (c) Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets
        The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its short-term leases of offices (that is
        those leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do not
        contain a purchase option). It also applies the recognition exemption for leases of low-value assets to
        leases of office equipment and laptop computers that are considered to be of low value. Lease
        payments on short-term leases are recognised as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease
        term.




                                                                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 75
     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2022



     2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

          Investments and other financial assets
          Initial recognition and measurement
          Financial assets are classified, at initial recognition, as subsequently measured at amortised cost, fair value
          through other comprehensive income, and fair value through profit or loss.

          The classification of financial assets at initial recognition depends on the financial asset’s contractual cash
          flow characteristics and the Group’s business model for managing them. With the exception of trade
          receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or for which the Group has applied the
          practical expedient of not adjusting the effect of a significant financing component, the Group initially
          measures a financial asset at its fair value, plus in the case of a financial asset not at fair value through profit
          or loss, transaction costs. Trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or for
          which the Group has applied the practical expedient are measured at the transaction price determined under
          IFRS 15 in accordance with the policies set out for “Revenue recognition” below.

          In order for a financial asset to be classified and measured at amortised cost or fair value through other
          comprehensive income, it needs to give rise to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest
          (“SPPI”) on the principal amount outstanding. Financial assets with cash flows that are not SPPI are classified
          and measured at fair value through profit or loss, irrespective of the business model.

          The Group’s business model for managing financial assets refers to how it manages its financial assets in
          order to generate cash flows. The business model determines whether cash flows will result from collecting
          contractual cash flows, selling the financial assets, or both. Financial assets classified and measured at
          amortised cost are held within a business model with the objective to hold financial assets in order to collect
          contractual cash flows, while financial assets classified and measured at fair value through other
          comprehensive income are held within a business model with the objective of both holding to collect
          contractual cash flows and selling. Financial assets which are not held within the aforementioned business
          models are classified and measured at fair value through profit or loss.

          All regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on the trade date, that is, the date that
          the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of
          financial assets that require delivery of assets within the period generally established by regulation or
          convention in the marketplace.

          Subsequent measurement
          The subsequent measurement of financial assets depends on their classification as follows:

          Financial assets at amortised cost (debt instruments)
          Financial assets at amortised cost are subsequently measured using the effective interest method and are
          subject to impairment. Gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss when the asset is derecognised,
          modified or impaired.

          Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
          Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are carried in the statement of financial position at fair
          value with net changes in fair value recognised in the statement of profit or loss.




76      Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2022
              NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                         31 December 2022



2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

   Investments and other financial assets (Continued)
   Subsequent measurement (Continued)
   Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (Continued)
   This category includes derivative instruments and equity investments which the Group had not irrevocably elected
   to classify at fair value through other comprehensive income. Dividends on equity investments classified as financial
   assets at fair value through profit or loss are also recognised as other income in the statement of profit or loss when
   the right of payment has been established, it is probable that the economic benefits associated with the dividend
   will flow to the Group and the amount of the dividend can be measured reliably.

   A derivative embedded in a hybrid contract, with a financial liability or non-financial host, is separated from
   the host and accounted for as a separate derivative if the economic characteristics and risks are not closely
   related to the host; a separate instrument with the same terms as the embedded derivative would meet the
   definition of a derivative; and the hybrid contract is not measured at fair value through profit or loss.
   Embedded derivatives are measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognised in the statement of
   profit or loss. Reassessment only occurs if there is either a change in the terms of the contract that
   significantly modifies the cash flows that would otherwise be required or a reclassification of a financial asset
   out of the fair value through profit or loss category.

   A derivative embedded within a hybrid contract containing a financial asset host is not accounted for
   separately. The financial asset host together with the embedded derivative is required to be classified in its
   entirety as a financial asset at fair value through profit or loss.

   Derecognition of financial assets
   A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar financial assets)
   is primarily derecognised (i.e., removed from the Group’s consolidated statements of financial position) when:

   •    the rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired; or

   •    the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset or has assumed an obligation
        to pay the received cash flows in full without material delay to a third party under a “pass-through”
        arrangement; and either (a) the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the
        asset, or (b) the Group has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the
        asset, but has transferred control of the asset.

   When the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from an asset or has entered into a pass-
   through arrangement, it evaluates if and to what extent it has retained the risk and rewards of ownership of
   the asset. When it has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset nor
   transferred control of the asset, the Group continues to recognise the transferred asset to the extent of the
   Group’s continuing involvement. In that case, the Group also recognises an associated liability. The
   transferred asset and the associated liability are measured on a basis that reflects the rights and obligations
   that the Group has retained.

   Continuing involvement that takes the form of a guarantee over the transferred asset is measured at the
   lower of the original carrying amount of the asset and the maximum amount of consideration that the Group
   could be required to repay.



                                                                    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 77
     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2022



     2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

          Impairment of financial assets
          The Group recognises an allowance for expected credit losses (“ECLs”) for all debt instruments not held at
          fair value through profit or loss. ECLs are based on the difference between the contractual cash flows due in
          accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at an
          approximation of the original effective interest rate. The expected cash flows will include cash flows from the
          sale of collateral held or other credit enhancements that are integral to the contractual terms.

          General approach
          ECLs are recognised in two stages. For credit exposures for which there has not been a significant increase
          in credit risk since initial recognition, ECLs are provided for credit losses that result from default events that
          are possible within the next 12 months (a 12-month ECL). For those credit exposures for which there has
          been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, a loss allowance is required for credit losses
          expected over the remaining life of the exposure, irrespective of the timing of the default (a lifetime ECL).

          At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has increased
          significantly since initial recognition. When making the assessment, the Group compares the risk of a default
          occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the
          financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition and considers reasonable and supportable information
          that is available without undue cost or effort, including historical and forward-looking information. The Group
          considers that there has been a significant increase in credit risk when contractual payments are more than
          30 days past due.

          The Group considers a financial asset in default when contractual payments are 90 days past due. However,
          in certain cases, the Group may also consider a financial asset to be in default when internal or external
          information indicates that the Group is unlikely to receive the outstanding contractual amounts in full before
          taking into account any credit enhancements held by the Group.

          A financial asset is written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovering the contractual cash
          flows.

          Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial assets at amortised cost
          are subject to impairment under the general approach and they are classified within the following stages for
          measurement of ECLs except for trade receivables and contract assets which apply the simplified approach
          as detailed below.

          Stage 1       —   Financial instruments for which credit risk has not increased significantly since initial
                            recognition and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to 12-month
                            ECLs
          Stage 2       —   Financial instruments for which credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition
                            but that are not credit-impaired financial assets and for which the loss allowance is measured
                            at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs
          Stage 3       —   Financial assets that are credit-impaired at the reporting date (but that are not purchased or
                            originated credit-impaired) and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal
                            to lifetime ECLs




78      Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2022
              NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                              31 December 2022



2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

   Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
   Simplified approach
   For trade receivables and contract assets that do not contain a significant financing component or when the
   Group applies the practical expedient of not adjusting the effect of a significant financing component, the
   Group applies the simplified approach in calculating ECLs. Under the simplified approach, the Group does not
   track changes in credit risk, but instead recognises a loss allowance based on lifetime ECLs at each reporting
   date. The Group has established a provision matrix that is based on its historical credit loss experience,
   adjusted for forward-looking factors specific to the debtors and the economic environment.

   For other receivables, the Group recognises a loss allowance equal to 12-month ECLs unless there has been
   a significant increase in credit risk of the financial instrument since initial recognition, in which case the loss
   allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs.

   Financial liabilities
   Initial recognition and measurement
   Financial liabilities are classified, at initial recognition, as financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss,
   other borrowings, payables, or as derivatives designated as hedging instruments in an effective hedge, as
   appropriate.

   All financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value and, in the case of other borrowings and payables,
   net of directly attributable transaction costs.

   The Group’s financial liabilities include trade and other payables, convertible bonds and Interest-bearing bank
   and other borrowings.

   Subsequent measurement
   The subsequent measurement of financial liabilities depends on their classification as follows:

   Financial liabilities at amortised cost (other borrowings)
   After initial recognition, interest-bearing other borrowings are subsequently measured at amortised cost,
   using the effective interest rate method unless the effect of discounting would be immaterial, in which case
   they are stated at cost. Gains and losses are recognised in profit or loss when the liabilities are derecognised
   as well as through the effective interest rate amortisation process.

   Amortised cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and fees or costs
   that are an integral part of the effective interest rate. The effective interest rate amortisation is included in
   finance costs in profit or loss.




                                                                       Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 79
     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2022



     2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

          Financial liabilities (Continued)
          Subsequent measurement (Continued)
          Convertible bonds
          The component of convertible bonds that exhibits characteristics of a liability is recognised as a liability in
          the statement of financial position, net of transaction costs. On issuance of convertible bonds, the fair value
          of the liability component is determined using a market rate for an equivalent non-convertible bond; and this
          amount is carried as a long-term liability on the amortised cost basis until extinguished on conversion or
          redemption. The remainder of the proceeds is allocated to the conversion option that is recognised and
          included in shareholders’ equity, net of transaction costs. The carrying amount of the conversion option is not
          remeasured in subsequent years. Transaction costs are apportioned between the liability and equity
          components of the convertible bonds based on the allocation of proceeds to the liability and equity
          components when the instruments are first recognised.

          Derecognition of financial liabilities
          A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled, or
          expires.

          When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different
          terms, or the terms of an existing liability are substantially modified, such an exchange or modification is
          treated as a derecognition of the original liability and a recognition of a new liability, and the difference
          between the respective carrying amounts is recognised in profit or loss.

          Offsetting of financial instruments
          Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount reported in the consolidated statement of
          financial position, if and only if, there is a currently enforceable legal right to offset the recognised amounts
          and there is an intention to settle on a net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities
          simultaneously.

          Treasury shares
          Own equity instruments which are reacquired and held by the Company or the Group (treasury shares) are
          recognised directly in equity at cost. No gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss on the purchase, sale,
          issue or cancellation of the Group’s own equity instruments.

          Inventories
          Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined on the weighted
          average basis and, in the case of work in progress and finished goods, comprises direct materials, direct
          labour and an appropriate proportion of overheads. Net realisable value is based on estimated selling prices
          less any estimated costs to be incurred to completion and disposal.




80      Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2022
             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                     31 December 2022



2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

   Cash and cash equivalents
   For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on
   hand and demand deposits, and short term highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into known
   amounts of cash, are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, and have a short maturity of
   generally within three months when acquired which are repayable on demand and form an integral part of
   the Group’s cash management.

   For the purpose of the consolidated statement of financial position, cash and cash equivalents comprise cash
   on hand and at banks, including term deposits, and assets similar in nature to cash, which are not restricted
   as to use.

   Provisions
   A provision is recognised when a present obligation (legal or constructive) has arisen as a result of a past
   event and it is probable that a future outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation, provided
   that a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.

   When the effect of discounting is material, the amount recognised for a provision is the present value at the
   end of the reporting period of the future expenditures expected to be required to settle the obligation. The
   increase in the discounted present value amount arising from the passage of time is included in finance costs
   in profit or loss.

   A contingent liability recognised in a business combination is initially measured at its fair value. Subsequently,
   it is measured at the higher of (i) the amount that would be recognised in accordance with the general policy
   for provisions above; and (ii) the amount initially recognised less, when appropriate, the amount of income
   recognised in accordance with the policy for revenue recognition.

   Income tax
   Income tax comprises current and deferred tax. Income tax relating to items recognised outside profit or loss
   is recognised outside profit or loss, either in other comprehensive income or directly in equity.

   Current tax assets and liabilities are measured at the amount expected to be recovered from or paid to the
   taxation authorities, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by
   the end of the reporting period, taking into consideration interpretations and practices prevailing in the
   countries in which the Group operates.

   Deferred tax is provided, using the liability method, on all temporary differences at the end of the reporting
   period between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting
   purposes.




                                                                 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 81
     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2022



     2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

          Income tax (Continued)
          Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences, except:

          •     when the deferred tax liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or an asset or liability in a
                transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the
                accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss; and

          •     in respect of taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates and
                joint ventures, when the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences can be controlled and it is
                probable that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

          Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, and the carryforward of unused
          tax credits and any unused tax losses. Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable
          that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences, and the carryforward
          of unused tax credits and unused tax losses can be utilised, except:

          •     when the deferred tax asset relating to the deductible temporary differences arises from the initial
                recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of
                the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss; and

          •     in respect of deductible temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates
                and joint ventures, deferred tax assets are only recognised to the extent that it is probable that the
                temporary differences will reverse in the foreseeable future and taxable profit will be available against
                which the temporary differences can be utilised.

          The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to
          the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the
          deferred tax asset to be utilised. Unrecognised deferred tax assets are reassessed at the end of each
          reporting period and are recognised to the extent that it has become probable that sufficient taxable profit
          will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be recovered.

          Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the period
          when the asset is realised or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted
          or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

          Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset if and only if the Group has a legally enforceable
          right to set off current tax assets and current tax liabilities and the deferred tax assets and deferred tax
          liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on either the same taxable entity or
          different taxable entities which intend either to settle current tax liabilities and assets on a net basis, or to
          realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously, in each future period in which significant amounts
          of deferred tax liabilities or assets are expected to be settled or recovered.




82      Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2022
             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                  31 December 2022



2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

   Government grants
   Government grants are recognised at their fair value where there is reasonable assurance that the grant will
   be received and all attaching conditions will be complied with. When the grant relates to an expense item, it
   is recognised as income on a systematic basis over the periods that the costs, for which it is intended to
   compensate, are expensed.

   Revenue recognition
   Revenue from contracts with customers
   Revenue from contracts with customers is recognised when control of goods or services is transferred to the
   customers at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in
   exchange for those goods or services.

   When the consideration in a contract includes a variable amount, the amount of consideration is estimated to
   which the Group will be entitled in exchange for transferring the goods or services to the customer. The
   variable consideration is estimated at contract inception and constrained until it is highly probable that a
   significant revenue reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognised will not occur when the
   associated uncertainty with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved.

   (a) Rendering of services
        Revenue from the rendering of services is recognised over time or at a point in time with reference to
        the detailed terms of transactions as stipulated in the contracts entered into with its customers and
        counterparties.

   Services revenue
   Revenue on the rendering of services comprises the subscription-based SaaS business and the transaction-
   based SaaS business.

   The subscription-based SaaS business is provided on a subscription basis, and a monthly subscription fee is
   charged to customers. Revenue generated from subscription fees is recognised over the subscription period
   on a straight-line basis.

   The transaction-based SaaS business generates revenue from the content monetization products. Revenue
   from the content monetization products is recognised when the relevant services are rendered.

   Other income
   Interest income is recognised on an accrual basis using the effective interest method by applying the rate
   that exactly discounts the estimated future cash receipts over the expected life of the financial instrument or
   a shorter period, when appropriate, to the net carrying amount of the financial asset.

   Contract liabilities
   A contract liability is recognised when a payment is received or a payment is due (whichever is earlier) from a
   customer before the Group transfers the related goods or services. Contract liabilities are recognised as
   revenue when the Group performs under the contract (i.e., transfers control of the related goods or services
   to the customer).



                                                                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 83
     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2022



     2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

          Contract costs
          Other than the costs which are capitalised as inventories, property, plant and equipment and intangible
          assets, costs incurred to fulfil a contract with a customer are capitalised as an asset if all of the following
          criteria are met:

          (a)   The costs relate directly to a contract or to an anticipated contract that the entity can specifically
                identify.

          (b)   The costs generate or enhance resources of the entity that will be used in satisfying (or in continuing to
                satisfy) performance obligations in the future.

          (c)   The costs are expected to be recovered.

          The capitalised contract costs are amortised and charged to the statement of profit or loss on a systematic
          basis that is consistent with the transfer to the customer of the goods or services to which the asset relates.
          Other contract costs are expensed as incurred.

          Share-based payments
          The Company operates share option schemes and a share award plan for the purpose of providing incentives
          and rewards to eligible participants who contribute to the success of the Group’s operations. Employees
          (including directors) and consultants of the Group receive remuneration in the form of share-based
          payments, whereby employees render services in exchange for equity instruments (“equity-settled
          transactions”).

          The cost of equity-settled transactions with employees and consultants for grants is measured by reference
          to the fair value at the date at which they are granted. The fair value is determined by an external valuer
          using a Black-Scholes model, further details of which are given in note 30 to the financial statements.

          The cost of equity-settled transactions is recognised in employee benefit expense, together with a
          corresponding increase in equity, over the period in which the performance and/or service conditions are
          fulfilled. The cumulative expense recognised for equity-settled transactions at the end of each reporting
          period until the vesting date reflects the extent to which the vesting period has expired and the Group’s best
          estimate of the number of equity instruments that will ultimately vest. The charge or credit to profit or loss
          for a period represents the movement in the cumulative expense recognised as at the beginning and end of
          that period.

          Service and non-market performance conditions are not taken into account when determining the grant date
          fair value of awards, but the likelihood of the conditions being met is assessed as part of the Group’s best
          estimate of the number of equity instruments that will ultimately vest. Market performance conditions are
          reflected within the grant date fair value. Any other conditions attached to an award, but without an
          associated service requirement, are considered to be non-vesting conditions. Non-vesting conditions are
          reflected in the fair value of an award and lead to an immediate expensing of an award unless there are also
          service and/or performance conditions.




84      Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2022
             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   31 December 2022



2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

   Share-based payments (Continued)
   For awards that do not ultimately vest because non-market performance and/or service conditions have not
   been met, no expense is recognised. Where awards include a market or non-vesting condition, the
   transactions are treated as vesting irrespective of whether the market or non-vesting condition is satisfied,
   provided that all other performance and/or service conditions are satisfied.

   Where the terms of an equity-settled award are modified, as a minimum an expense is recognised as if the
   terms had not been modified, if the original terms of the award are met. In addition, an expense is recognised
   for any modification that increases the total fair value of the share-based payments, or is otherwise beneficial
   to the employee as measured at the date of modification.

   Where an equity-settled award is cancelled, it is treated as if it had vested on the date of cancellation, and
   any expense not yet recognised for the award is recognised immediately. This includes any award where
   non-vesting conditions within the control of either the Group or the employee are not met. However, if a new
   award is substituted for the cancelled award and is designated as a replacement award on the date that it is
   granted, the cancelled and new awards are treated as if they were a modification of the original award, as
   described in the previous paragraph.

   The dilutive effect of outstanding options is reflected as additional share dilution in the computation of
   earnings per share.

   Other employee benefits
   Pension scheme
   The Group operates a defined contribution Mandatory Provident Fund retirement benefit scheme (the “MPF
   Scheme”) under the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance for its employees in Hong Kong.
   Contributions are made based on a percentage of the employees’ basic salaries and are charged to profit or
   loss as they become payable in accordance with the rules of the MPF Scheme. The assets of the MPF
   Scheme are held separately from those of the Group in an independently administered fund. The Group’s
   employer contributions vest fully with the employees when contributed into the MPF Scheme.

   The employees of the Group’s subsidiaries which operate in Mainland China are required to participate in a
   central pension scheme operated by the local municipal government. These subsidiaries are required to
   contribute certain percentage of its payroll costs to the central pension scheme. The contributions are
   charged to profit or loss as they become payable in accordance with the rules of the central pension scheme.

   Borrowing costs
   Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets, i.e.,
   assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale, are
   capitalised as part of the cost of those assets. The capitalisation of such borrowing costs ceases when the
   assets are substantially ready for their intended use or sale. Investment income earned on the temporary
   investment of specific borrowings pending their expenditure on qualifying assets is deducted from the
   borrowing costs capitalised. All other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred.
   Borrowing costs consist of interest and other costs that an entity incurs in connection with the borrowing of
   funds.



                                                                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 85
     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2022



     2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

          Dividends
          Final dividends are recognised as a liability when they are approved by the shareholders in a general
          meeting. Proposed final dividends are disclosed in the notes to the financial statements.

          Interim dividends are simultaneously proposed and declared, because the Company’s memorandum and
          articles of association grant the directors the authority to declare interim dividends. Consequently, interim
          dividends are recognised immediately as a liability when they are proposed and declared.

          Foreign currencies
          These financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollars (“HK$”), which is the Company’s functional
          currency. Each entity in the Group determines its own functional currency and items included in the financial
          statements of each entity are measured using that functional currency. Foreign currency transactions
          recorded by the entities in the Group are initially recorded using their respective functional currency rates
          prevailing at the dates of the transactions. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies
          are translated at the functional currency rates of exchange ruling at the end of the reporting period.
          Differences arising on settlement or translation of monetary items are recognised in profit or loss.

          Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using
          the exchange rates at the dates of the initial transactions. Non-monetary items measured at fair value in a
          foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates at the date when the fair value was measured. The
          gain or loss arising on translation of a non-monetary item measured at fair value is treated in line with the
          recognition of the gain or loss on change in fair value of the item (i.e., translation difference on the item
          whose fair value gain or loss is recognised in other comprehensive income or profit or loss is also recognised
          in other comprehensive income or profit or loss, respectively).

          In determining the exchange rate on initial recognition of the related asset, expense or income on the
          derecognition of a non-monetary asset or non-monetary liability relating to an advance consideration, the
          date of initial transaction is the date on which the Group initially recognises the non-monetary asset or non-
          monetary liability arising from the advance consideration. If there are multiple payments or receipts in
          advance, the Group determines the transaction date for each payment or receipt of the advance
          consideration.

          The functional currencies of certain overseas subsidiaries are currencies other than the HK$. As at the end of
          the reporting period, the assets and liabilities of these entities are translated into HK$ at the exchange rates
          prevailing at the end of the reporting period and their statements of profit or loss are translated into HK$ at
          the exchange rates that approximate to those prevailing at the dates of the transactions.

          The resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the
          exchange fluctuation reserve. On disposal of a foreign operation, the component of other comprehensive
          income relating to that particular foreign operation is recognised in profit or loss.

          Any goodwill arising on the acquisition of a foreign operation and any fair value adjustments to the carrying
          amounts of assets and liabilities arising on acquisition are treated as assets and liabilities of the foreign
          operation and translated at the closing rate.




86      Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2022
               NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                       31 December 2022



2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     Foreign currencies (Continued)
     For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, the cash flows of overseas subsidiaries are
     translated into HK$ at the exchange rates ruling at the dates of the cash flows. Frequently recurring cash
     flows of overseas subsidiaries which arise throughout the year are translated into HK$ at the weighted
     average exchange rates for the year.



3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES

     The preparation of the Group’s financial statements requires management to make judgements, estimates
     and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities, and their
     accompanying disclosures, and the disclosure of contingent liabilities. Uncertainty about these assumptions
     and estimates could result in outcomes that could require a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of
     the assets or liabilities affected in the future.

     Estimation uncertainty
     The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the
     reporting period, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of
     assets and liabilities within the next financial year, are described below.

     Impairment of goodwill
     The Group determines whether goodwill is impaired at least on an annual basis. This requires an estimation
     of the value in use of the cash-generating units to which the goodwill is allocated. Estimating the value in use
     requires the Group to make an estimate of the expected future cash flows from the cash-generating units
     and to choose a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value of those cash flows. The
     carrying amount of goodwill at 31 December 2022 was HK$1,184,396,000 (2021: HK$607,297,000). Further
     details are given in note 16 to the financial statements.

     Provision for expected credit losses on trade receivables
     The Group uses a provision matrix to calculate ECLs for trade receivables. The provision rates are based on
     days past due for groupings of various customer segments that have similar loss patterns (i.e., by geography,
     product type, customer type and rating, and coverage by letters of credit and other forms of credit
     insurance).

     The provision matrix is initially based on the Group’s historical observed default rates. The Group will calibrate
     the matrix to adjust the historical credit loss experience with forward-looking information. For instance, if
     forecast economic conditions (i.e., gross domestic product) are expected to deteriorate over the next year
     which can lead to an increased number of defaults in the manufacturing sector, the historical default rates
     are adjusted. At each reporting date, the historical observed default rates are updated and changes in the
     forward-looking estimates are analysed.

     The assessment of the correlation among historical observed default rates, forecast economic conditions
     and ECLs is a significant estimate. The amount of ECLs is sensitive to changes in circumstances and forecast
     economic conditions. The Group’s historical credit loss experience and forecast of economic conditions may
     also not be representative of a customer’s actual default in the future. The information about the ECLs on the
     Group’s trade receivables is disclosed in note 20 to the financial statements.

                                                                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 87
     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2022



     3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (Continued)

           Estimation uncertainty (Continued)
           Leases — Estimating the incremental borrowing rate
           The Group cannot readily determine the interest rate implicit in a lease, and therefore, it uses an incremental
           borrowing rate (“IBR”) to measure lease liabilities. The IBR is the rate of interest that the Group would have to
           pay to borrow over a similar term, and with a similar security, the funds necessary to obtain an asset of a
           similar value to the right-of-use asset in a similar economic environment. The IBR therefore reflects what the
           Group “would have to pay”, which requires estimation when no observable rates are available (such as for
           subsidiaries that do not enter into financing transactions) or when it needs to be adjusted to reflect the terms
           and conditions of the lease (for example, when leases are not in the subsidiary’s functional currency). The
           Group estimates the IBR using observable inputs (such as market interest rates) when available and is
           required to make certain entity-specific estimates (such as the subsidiary’s stand-alone credit rating).

           Fair value of unlisted equity investments
           The unlisted equity investments have been valued based on a discounted cash flow method as detailed in
           note 38 to the financial statements. The valuation requires the Group to determine the expected future cash
           flows using rates currently available for instruments with similar terms, credit risk and remaining maturities.
           The Group classifies the fair value of these investments as Level 3. The fair value of the unlisted equity
           investments at 31 December 2022 was HK$58,669,000 (2021 HK$48,316,000). Further details are included
           in note 22 to the financial statements.

           Fair value of call options
           The call options have been valued based on a discounted cash flow method as detailed in note 38 to the
           financial statements. The valuation requires the Group to determine the expected future cash flows using
           rates currently available for instruments with similar terms, credit risk and remaining maturities. The Group
           classifies the fair value of these investments as Level 3. The fair value of the call options at 31 December
           2022 was HK$134,812,000. (2021:Nil). Further details are included in note 22 to the financial statements.

           Impairment of non-financial assets (other than goodwill)
           The Group assesses whether there are any indicators of impairment for all non-financial assets at the end of
           each reporting period. Indefinite life intangible assets are tested for impairment annually and at other times
           when such an indicator exists. Other non-financial assets are tested for impairment when there are indicators
           that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable. An impairment exists when the carrying value of an asset
           or a cash-generating unit exceeds its recoverable amount, which is the higher of its fair value less costs of
           disposal and its value in use. The calculation of the fair value less costs of disposal is based on available data
           from binding sales transactions in an arm’s length transaction of similar assets or observable market prices
           less incremental costs for disposing of the asset. When value -in-use calculations are undertaken,
           management must estimate the expected future cash flows from the asset or cash-generating unit and
           choose a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value of those cash flows.

           Deferred tax assets
           Deferred tax assets are recognised for unused tax losses to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit
           will be available against which the losses can be utilised. Significant management judgement is required to
           determine the amount of deferred tax assets that can be recognised, based upon the likely timing and level
           of future taxable profits together with future tax planning strategies. The carrying value of deferred tax
           assets relating to recognised tax losses at 31 December 2022 was HK$54,237,000 (2021: HK$52,687,000).
           Further details are contained in note 28 to the financial statements.


88        Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2022
               NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                      31 December 2022



3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES (Continued)

     Estimation uncertainty (Continued)
     Useful lives of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets
     The Group determines the estimated useful lives and related depreciation/amortisation charges for its
     property, plant and equipment and intangible assets. This estimate is based on the historical experience of
     the actual useful lives of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets of similar nature and functions.
     It could change significantly as a result of technical innovations, or competitor actions in response to severe
     industry cycles. Management will increase the depreciation/amortisation charge where useful lives are less
     than previously estimated lives, or it will write off or write down technically obsolete or non-strategic assets
     that have been abandoned or sold.

     Development costs
     Development costs are capitalised in accordance with the accounting policy for research and development
     costs as disclosed in note 2.4 to the financial statements. Determining the amounts to be capitalised requires
     management to make assumptions regarding the expected future cash generation of the assets, discount
     rates to be applied and the expected period of benefits. At 31 December 2022, the best estimate of the
     carrying amount of capitalised development costs was HK$169,327,000 (2021: HK$86,212,000). Further
     details are disclosed in note 17 to the financial statements.

     Estimation of fair value of investment properties
     In the absence of current prices in an active market for similar properties, the Group considers information
     from a variety of sources, including:

     (a)   current prices in an active market for properties of a different nature, condition or location, adjusted to
           reflect those differences;

     (b)   recent prices of similar properties on less active markets, with adjustments to reflect any changes in
           economic conditions since the dates of the transactions that occurred at those prices; and discounted
           cash flow projections based on reliable estimates of future cash flows, supported by the terms of any
           existing lease and other contracts and (when possible) by external evidence such as current market
           rents for similar properties in the same location and condition, and using discount rates that reflect
           current market assessments of the uncertainty in the amount and timing of the cash flows.

     The carrying amount of investment properties at 31 December 2022 was HK$66,446,000 (2021:
     HK$45,328,000). Further details, including the key assumptions used for fair value measurement and a
     sensitivity analysis, are given in note 14 to the financial statements.



4.   OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION

     For management purposes, the Group had only one reportable operating segment, which was offering SaaS
     to help content owners protect their content from unauthorised use, measure the viewership of their content,
     and monetize their content during the year. Since this is the only reportable operating segment of the Group,
     no further operating segment analysis thereof is presented.




                                                                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 89
     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2022



     4.    OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

           Geographical information
           (a) Revenue from external customers

                                                                                                                2022                    2021
                                                                                                             HK$’000                 HK$’000


                   United States                                                                             740,031                 515,209
                   Mainland China                                                                            697,592                  166,161
                   Other countries/regions                                                                     5,047                    5,158


                                                                                                           1,442,670                 686,528


                 The revenue information above is based on the locations of the customers.

           (b) Non-current assets

                                                                                                                2022                    2021
                                                                                                             HK$’000                 HK$’000


                   Mainland China                                                                          1,059,136                  147,215
                   United States                                                                             625,977                 642,253
                   Other countries/regions                                                                    24,023                   26,021


                                                                                                           1,709,136                 815,489


                 The non-current asset information of continuing operations above is based on the locations of the
                 assets and excludes financial instruments and deferred tax assets.

           Information about major customers
           Revenue derived from sales to major customers, including sales to a group of entities which are known to be
           under common control with those customers, which accounted for 10% or more of the Group’s revenue for
           the year ended 31 December 2022 is as follows:

                                                                                                                2022                    2021
                                                                                                             HK$’000                 HK$’000


               Customer A                                                                                    302,302                 210,408
               Customer B                                                                                     141,001*                111,648


           *     Revenue derived from this customer did not exceed 10% of the Group’s revenue for the year ended 31 December 2022.




90        Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2022
               NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                 31 December 2022



5.   REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS

     Revenue represents the value of services rendered during the year.

     An analysis of revenue, other income and gains is as follows:

                                                                                       2022             2021
                                                                                    HK$’000          HK$’000


       Revenue from contracts with customers
       Rendering of services                                                       1,442,670         686,528


     Revenue from contracts with customers
     (i)   Disaggregated revenue information

                                                                                       2022             2021
                                                                                    HK$’000          HK$’000


            Timing of revenue recognition
            Services transferred at a point in time                                   22,642              —
            Services transferred over time                                         1,420,028         686,528


                                                                                   1,442,670         686,528


           The following table shows the amounts of revenue recognised in the current reporting period that were
           included in the contract liabilities at the beginning of the reporting period and recognised from
           performance obligations satisfied in previous periods:

                                                                                       2022             2021
                                                                                    HK$’000          HK$’000


            Revenue recognised that was included in contract liabilities
              at the beginning of the reporting period:
              Rendering of services                                                    2,409              395




                                                                 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 91
     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2022



     5.    REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS (Continued)

           Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)
           (ii)   Performance obligations
                  Information about the Group’s performance obligations is summarised below:

                  Rendering of services
                  The performance obligation is satisfied over time as services are rendered and advance payments are
                  sometimes received for certain services. For other SaaS services, payment is generally due within 30
                  days to 180 days.

                  The amounts of transaction prices allocated to the remaining performance obligations (unsatisfied or
                  partially unsatisfied) as at 31 December are as follows:

                                                                                             2022             2021
                                                                                          HK$’000          HK$’000


                   Within one year                                                              4,712         2,409


                                                                                             2022             2021
                                                                                          HK$’000          HK$’000


                   Other income and gains
                   Changes in fair value of investment properties                               6,962           447
                   Changes in fair value of financial assets at FVTPL                          17,039             —
                   Bank interest income                                                         4,549          1,615
                   Foreign exchange gains                                                       8,347         3,070
                   Government grants                                                           13,991             75
                   Others                                                                       2,603           309


                                                                                               53,491         5,516




92        Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                              31 December 2022



6.   PROFIT/(LOSS) BEFORE TAX

     The Group’s profit/(loss) before tax is arrived at after charging/(crediting) :

                                                                                                                2022                   2021
                                                                                                             HK$’000                HK$’000


         Cost of services provided                                                                            851,958               337,757

         Employee benefit expense (excluding directors’ and chief executive’s
          remuneration (note 8):
          Wages and salaries                                                                                  176,343                114,743
          Equity-settled share compensation expense                                                            44,425                 50,842
          Other benefits                                                                                       22,080                  4,962
          Pension scheme contributions*                                                                         5,230                   1,112


                                                                                                             248,078                 171,659

         Depreciation of items of property, plant and equipment (note 13)                                        6,523                 1,028
         Depreciation of right-of-use assets (note 15(a))                                                       11,887                10,676
         Amortisation of other intangible assets (note 17)                                                      67,812                11,745
         Lease payments not included in the measurement of lease liabilities
           (note 15(c))                                                                                         3,918                   1,506
         Impairment of trade receivables, net (note 20)                                                           684                      65
         Research and development expenses                                                                    133,129                111,840
         Auditor’s remuneration                                                                                 4,530                  3,580
         Audit service fee for an acquisition                                                                       —                  3,200
         Bank interest income (note 5)                                                                         (4,549)                 (1,615)
         Changes in fair value of investment properties (note 14)                                              (6,962)                   (447)
         Changes in fair value of financial assets at FVTPL                                                   (17,039)                 5,075
         Foreign exchange differences, net                                                                       (586)                (2,608)


     *      There are no forfeited contributions that may be used by the Group as the employer to reduce the existing level of contributions.




                                                                                  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 93
     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2022



     7.    FINANCE COSTS

           An analysis of finance costs is as follows:

                                                                                              2022             2021
                                                                                           HK$’000          HK$’000


             Interest on other borrowings (including convertible bonds)                      91,911           19,297
             Interest on lease liabilities                                                     861               877


                                                                                             92,772           20,174



     8.    DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION

           Certain of the directors received remuneration from the subsidiaries now comprising the Group for their
           appointment as directors of these subsidiaries. The remuneration of each of these directors as recorded in
           the financial statements of the subsidiaries is set out below:

           Directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration for the year, disclosed pursuant to the Listing Rules, section
           383(1)(a), (b), (c) and (f) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and Part 2 of the Companies (Disclosure of
           Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation, is as follows:

                                                                                              2022             2021
                                                                                           HK$’000          HK$’000


             Fees                                                                             2,787            2,555
             Other emoluments:
               Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                      8,935            6,524
               Equity-settled share compensation expense                                      8,129           16,545


                                                                                             19,851          25,624


           Certain directors were granted share options, in respect of their services to the Group, under the share
           option scheme of the then ultimate holding company, further details of which are set out in note 30 to the
           financial statements. The fair value of such options, which has been recognised in profit or loss over the
           vesting period, was determined as at the date of grant and the amount included in the financial statements
           for the current year is included in the above directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration disclosures.




94        Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2022
               NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                       31 December 2022



8.   DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION (Continued)

     (a) Independent non-executive directors
        The fees paid to independent non-executive directors during the year were as follows:

                                                                                                        2022                  2021
                                                                                                     HK$’000               HK$’000


             Mr. Alfred Tsai Chu                                                                           312                  310
             Mr. Charles Eric Eesley                                                                       312                  310
             Mr. KWAN Ngai Kit                                                                             390                  115
             Mr. Chan King Man Kevin*                                                                      214                  310
             Mr. Derek Chang**                                                                               —                  115


                                                                                                         1,228                 1,160


        *       Mr. Chan King Man Kevin retired as the Company’s independent non-executive director on 30 June 2022.


        **      Mr. Derek Chang was retired as the Company’s independent non-executive director on 30 June 2021.


        There were no other emoluments payable to the independent non-executive directors during the year
        (2021: Nil).




                                                                            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 95
     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2022



     8.    DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION (Continued)

           (b) Executive directors, non-executive directors and the chief executive
                                                                                         Salaries,     Equity-settled
                                                                                      allowances               share
                                                                                     and benefits      compensation
                                                                        Fees               in kind           expense                Total
                                                                      HK$’000             HK$’000            HK$’000              HK$’000

                     2022

                     Executive directors:
                       — Mr. Yangbin Bernard Wang*                            —               4,288             6,606              10,894
                       — Mr. Masaaki Matsuzawa                                —               4,647               807               5,454

                                                                              —               8,935              7,413             16,348

                     Non-executive directors:
                      — Mr. J David Wargo                                  312                     —               358                 670
                      — Mr. Wong Wai Kwan                                1,091                     —               358                1449
                      — Mr. Chan Ching Yan Daniel**                        156                     —                —                  156

                                                                         1,559                     —               716               2,275

                                                                         1,559                8,935              8,129             18,623

                     2021

                     Executive directors:
                       — Mr. Yangbin Bernard Wang*                            —               4,263              6,286              10,549
                       — Mr. Masaaki Matsuzawa                                —               2,261              8,925               11,186

                                                                              —               6,524              15,211             21,735

                     Non-executive directors:
                      — Mr. J David Wargo                                   310                    —               667                  977
                      — Mr. Wong Wai Kwan                                 1,085                    —               667                1,752

                                                                          1,395                    —             1,334               2,729

                                                                          1,395               6,524             16,545              24,464


                *       Mr. Yangbin Bernard Wang is also the chief executive officer of the Company.


                **      Mr. Chan Ching Yan Daniel was appointed as Company’s non-executive director from 1 January 2022 to 30 June 2022.


           There was no arrangement under which a director waived or agreed to waive any remuneration during the
           year.

           During the year, no emoluments were paid by the Group to any of the persons who are directors of the
           Company, or the five highest paid individuals as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as
           compensation for loss of office.



96        Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2022
               NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   31 December 2022



9.   FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES

     The five highest paid employees during the year included two directors (2021:two), details of whose
     remuneration are set out in note 8(b) above. Details of the remuneration for the year of the remaining three
     (2021: three) highest paid employees who are neither a director nor chief executive of the Group are as
     follows:

                                                                                        2022              2021
                                                                                     HK$’000           HK$’000


       Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                        6,520             6,535


     The number of non-director and non-chief executive highest paid employees whose remuneration fell within
     the following bands is as follows:

                                                                                     Number of employees
                                                                                         2022              2021


       HK$1,000,001 to HK$1,500,000                                                          —                —
       HK$1,500,001 to HK$2,500,000                                                          3                3
       HK$2,500,001 to HK$3,000,000                                                          —                —


                                                                                             3                 3


     During the prior years, share options were granted to a non-director and non-chief executive highest paid
     employee in respect of the services to the Group, further details of which are included in the disclosures in
     note 30 to the financial statements. The fair value of such options, which has been recognised in profit or
     loss over the vesting period, was determined as at the date of grant and the amount included in the financial
     statements for the current year is included in the above non-director and non-chief executive highest paid
     employees’ remuneration disclosures.



10. INCOME TAX EXPENSE

     Income tax represents primarily United States, Mainland China, Hong Kong and Japan enterprise income tax
     charged on the Group. United States income tax applicable to the Group is charged at the federal tax rate of
     21% (2021: 21%) for the year ended 31 December 2022. The income tax applicable to profits arising in Hong
     Kong was provided at a statutory tax rate of 16.5% (2021: 16.5%) during the year ended 31 December 2022.
     The income tax applicable to profits arising in Mainland China was provided at a statutory tax rate of 25%
     during the year ended 31 December 2022 except for certain subsidiaries of the Group in Mainland China, that
     were accredited as “High and New Technology Enterprises” and entitled to a preferential rate is 15% in three
     years respectively. Taxes on profits assessable elsewhere have been calculated at the rates of tax prevailing
     in the jurisdictions in which the Group operates.




                                                                 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 97
     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     31 December 2022



     10. INCOME TAX EXPENSE (Continued)

          The major components of income tax expense for the year are as follows:

                                                                                              2022              2021
                                                                                           HK$’000           HK$’000


            Current — United States
             Charge for the year                                                               1,607            2,052
            Current — Mainland China
             Charge for the year                                                             40,237            13,572
            Current — Japan
             Charge for the year                                                                  10               12
            Deferred tax credit (note 28)                                                     (7,415)          (7,835)


            Total tax expense for the year                                                   34,439             7,801


          A reconciliation of the U.S. federal statutory income tax rate of 21.0% (2021: 21.0%) to the Group’s effective
          tax rate is as follows:

                                                                                              2022              2021
                                                                                           HK$’000           HK$’000


            Profit/(loss) before tax                                                         92,542           (14,876)


            Tax at the U.S. federal statutory income tax rate                                19,434             (3,124)
            U.S. state income taxes, net of federal benefit                                   2,588               (755)
            Different tax rates for other jurisdictions                                      19,866            19,983
            Expenses not deductible for tax                                                     360                  11
            Income not subject to tax                                                        (3,092)               (151)
            Additional deductible allowance for research and development costs              (15,467)          (16,316)
            Others                                                                           10,750              8,153


            Tax expense at the Group’s effective tax rate                                    34,439             7,801



     11. DIVIDENDS

          The board does not recommend the payment of any dividend for the year ended 31 December 2022 (2021:
          Nil ).




98      Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2022
             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                  31 December 2022



12. EARNINGS/(LOSS) PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO OWNERS OF THE COMPANY

   The calculation of the basic earnings/(loss) per share amounts is based on the profit/(loss) for the year
   attributable to owners of the Company, and the weighted average number of ordinary shares of 2,117,596,656
   (2021: 1,913,425,080) in issue during the year, as adjusted to reflect the Share Subdivision share allotment
   for consideration settlement, issue of shares and exercise of share options during the year.

   No adjustment has been made to the basic earnings/(loss) per share amounts presented for the years ended
   31 December 2021 in respect of a dilution as the impact of the share option scheme had an anti- dilutive
   effect on the basic earnings/(loss) per share amounts presented.

   The calculation of the diluted earnings per share amounts for the year ended 31 December 2022 is based on
   the profit for the year attributable to owners of the Company, adjusted to reflect the interest on the
   convertible bonds. The weighted average number of ordinary shares used in the calculation is the number of
   ordinary shares in issue during the year, as used in the basic earnings per share calculation, and the weighted
   average number of ordinary shares assumed to have been issued at no consideration on the deemed
   exercise or conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares into ordinary shares.

   The calculations of earnings/(loss) per share attributable to owners of the Company for each of the years
   ended 31 December 2022 and 2021 are based on the following data:

                                                                                        2022              2021
                                                                                     HK$’000           HK$’000


     Profit/(loss)
     Profit/(loss) attributable to owners of the Company ,
       used in the basic loss per share calculations                                  42,002            (22,677)
     Interest on convertible bonds                                                     3,923                 —


     Profit/(loss) attributable to owners of the Company
       before interest on convertible bonds                                            45,925           (22,677)


     Shares
     Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during
      the year used in the basic earnings/(loss) per share calculation         2,117,596,656     1,913,425,080

     Effect of dilution — Weighted average number of ordinary shares:
       Share options                                                             199,359,341       199,618,465
       Convertible bonds                                                          21,992,481                —


     Weighted average number of ordinary share options for
      the purpose of diluted earnings per share calculation                   2,338,948,478* 2,113,043,545




                                                                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 99
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2022



      13. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                                                         Furniture
                                            Computer        Leasehold          and     Motor           Under
                                           equipment    improvements      fixtures   vehicles    Construction       Total
                                             HK$’000         HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000        HK$’000      HK$’000


             31 December 2022:

             At 1 January 2022:
               Cost                            8,379           3,973        3,097       1,852         23,113       40,414
               Accumulated depreciation       (7,782)         (3,973)      (1,559)       (910)            —       (14,224)


             Net carrying amount                597                —        1,538        942          23,113      26,190


             At 1 January 2022, net of
               accumulated depreciation          597               —        1,538        942          23,113      26,190
             Additions                         2,698               —          586      1,326           4,901       9,511
             Acquisition of subsidiaries      18,823             548        1,184         —               —       20,555
             Disposals                            —               —          (605)        —               —         (605)
             Depreciation provided
               during the year                (3,992)          (1,536)       (503)      (492)              —      (6,523)
             Transfers                             —           9,200            —         —           (9,200)         —
             Exchange realignment               (644)             (25)       (202)        —            (1,117)    (1,988)


             At 31 December 2022, net of
               accumulated depreciation       17,482            8,187       1,998       1,776         17,697      47,140


             At 31 December 2022:
               Cost                           40,797          14,421        5,539       3,177         17,697      81,631
               Accumulated depreciation      (23,315)         (6,234)      (3,541)     (1,401)            —      (34,491)


             Net carrying amount              17,482            8,187       1,998       1,776         17,697      47,140




100      Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2022
             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   31 December 2022



13. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)

                                                                Furniture
                                    Computer       Leasehold         and      Motor            Under
                                   equipment    improvements     fixtures   vehicles     construction      Total
                                     HK$’000         HK$’000    HK$’000     HK$’000         HK$’000      HK$’000


     31 December 2021

     At 1 January 2021:
       Cost                            7,882           3,964       1,670       1,136               —      14,652
       Accumulated depreciation       (7,522)         (3,582)     (1,423)       (587)              —      (13,114)


     Net carrying amount                360             382          247        549                —        1,538


     At 1 January 2021, net of
       accumulated depreciation         360             382          247        549               —        1,538
     Additions                          436              —         1,589        714           23,113      25,852
     Depreciation provided
       during the year                  (188)           (382)       (135)      (323)               —       (1,028)


     Exchange realignment                (11)             —         (163)         2                —         (172)


     At 31 December 2021, net of
       accumulated depreciation         597               —        1,538        942           23,113       26,190


     At 31 December 2021:
       Cost                            8,379           3,973       3,097      1,852           23,113       40,414
       Accumulated depreciation       (7,782)         (3,973)     (1,559)      (910)              —       (14,224)


     Net carrying amount                597               —        1,538        942           23,113       26,190




14. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES

                                                                                          2022             2021
                                                                                       HK$’000          HK$’000


     Carrying amount at 1 January                                                       45,328               —
     Additions                                                                          17,466           44,881
     Net gain from a fair value adjustment                                                6,962            447
     Exchange realignment                                                                (3,310)             —


     Carrying amount at 31 December                                                     66,446           45,328




                                                                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 101
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2022



      14. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)

           The Group acquired investment properties under construction amounting to HK$ 62,347,000 which will be
           held under leasehold interests to earn rentals after completion are measured using the fair value model, and
           are classified and accounted for as investment properties. The fair value as at 31 December 2022 assessed
           by a third-party amounted to HK$ 66,446,000. In determining the fair value of the relevant investment
           properties, the Group engages independent professional property valuers to perform the valuation.
           Management works closely with the independent professional property valuers to establish the appropriate
           valuation techniques and inputs to the model. Selection criteria include market knowledge, reputation,
           independence and whether professional standards are maintained. Management reports the valuation report
           and findings to the board of directors of the Group yearly to explain the cause of fluctuations in the fair value
           of the investment properties.

           Fair value hierarchy
           The following table illustrates the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s investment properties:

                                                          Fair value measurement as at 31 December 2022 using
                                                            Quoted
                                                           prices in      Significant      Significant
                                                             active       observable     unobservable
                                                           markets            inputs           inputs
                                                           (Level 1)        (Level 2)        (Level 3)             Total
                                                           HK$’000          HK$’000          HK$’000            HK$’000


             Recurring fair value measurement for:
               Commercial properties                               —                —           66,446           66,446


                                                           Fair value measurement as at 31 December 2021 using
                                                             Quoted
                                                            prices in      Significant      Significant
                                                               active      observable     unobservable
                                                            markets             inputs           inputs
                                                            (Level 1)        (Level 2)        (Level 3)           Total
                                                            HK$’000          HK$’000          HK$’000           HK$’000


             Recurring fair value measurement for:
               Commercial properties                               —                —            45,328           45,328


           During the year, there were no transfers of fair value measurements between Level 1 and Level 2 and no
           transfers into or out of Level 3.




102      Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2022
             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                  31 December 2022



14. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)

   Fair value hierarchy (Continued)
   Reconciliation of fair value measurements categorised within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy:

                                                                                                   Commercial
                                                                                                    properties
                                                                                                      HK$’000


     Carrying amount at 31 December 2020 and 1 January 2021                                                  —
     Additions                                                                                           44,881
     Net gain from a fair value adjustment recognised in other income and
      gains in profit or loss                                                                              447


     Carrying amount at 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022                                              45,328
     Additions                                                                                           17,466
     Net gain from a fair value adjustment recognised in other income and
       gains in profit or loss                                                                            6,962
     Exchange realignment                                                                                (3,310)


     Carrying amount at 31 December 2022                                                                 66,446


   As at 31 December 2022, the investment properties at fair value of HK$66,446,000 held by the Group were
   located in Hangzhou, China, which were used for sale and the Group has the ownership certificate.

   The Group measured investment properties using the market approach cause the purpose of using the
   investment properties has changed and was for sale in 2022, while the Group measured the investment
   properties using the discounted cash flow method in 2021 for rent purposes and below is a summary of the
   valuation techniques used and the key inputs to the valuation of investment properties:

                                                                                                       Range or
                                      Valuation              Significant                               weighted
                                      techniques             unobservable inputs                        average


     Commercial properties     2022   Direct comparison      Market unit sale rate             12,917 to 20,400
                                                               RMB/square metre (“sq.m.”)
     Commercial properties     2021   Discounted             Estimated rental value             91.69 to 121.03
                                        cash flow method       (per sq.m. and per month)
                                                             Rent growth (p.a.)                              2%
                                                             Discount rate                                5.50%




                                                                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 103
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2022



      14. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)

           Fair value hierarchy (Continued)
           Under the discounted cash flow method, fair value is estimated using assumptions regarding the benefits
           and liabilities of ownership over the asset’s life including an exit or terminal value. This method involves the
           projection of a series of cash flows on a property interest. A market-derived discount rate is applied to the
           projected cash flow in order to establish the present value of the income stream associated with the asset.
           The exit yield is normally separately determined and differs from the discount rate.

           The duration of the cash flows and the specific timing of inflows and outflows are determined by events such
           as rent reviews, lease renewal and related reletting, redevelopment or refurbishment. The appropriate
           duration is driven by market behaviour that is a characteristic of the class of property. The periodic cash flow
           is estimated as gross income less vacancy, non-recoverable expenses, collection losses, lease incentives,
           maintenance costs, agent and commission costs and other operating and management expenses. The series
           of periodic net operating income, along with an estimate of the terminal value anticipated at the end of the
           projection period, is then discounted.

           A significant increase/(decrease) in the estimated rental value and the market rent growth rate per annum in
           isolation would result in a significant increase/(decrease) in the fair value of the investment properties. A
           significant increase/(decrease) in the long term vacancy rate and the discount rate in isolation would result in
           a significant decrease/(increase) in the fair value of the investment properties. Generally, a change in the
           assumption made for the estimated rental value is accompanied by a directionally similar change in the rent
           growth per annum and the discount rate and an opposite change in the long term vacancy rate.


      15. LEASES

           The Group as a lessee
           The Group has lease contracts for office rental used in its operations. Leases of offices generally have lease
           terms between 2 and 6 years. Generally, the Group is restricted from assigning and subleasing the leased
           assets outside the Group.

           (a) Right-of-use assets
                 The carrying amounts of the Group’s right-of-use assets and the movements during the year are as
                 follows:

                                                                                                                 Offices
                                                                                                                HK$’000

                   As at 1 January 2021                                                                          22,424
                   Additions                                                                                       11,491
                   Depreciation charge                                                                           (10,676)

                   As at 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022                                                     23,239

                   Additions                                                                                       5,429
                   Additions as a result of acquisition of subsidiaries                                            4,952
                   Disposals                                                                                      (1,378)
                   Depreciation charge                                                                           (11,887)
                   Exchange realignment                                                                             (226)

                   As at 31 December 2022                                                                        20,129


104      Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2022
              NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                       31 December 2022



15. LEASES (Continued)

    The Group as a lessee (Continued)
    (b) Lease liabilities
         The carrying amount of lease liabilities and the movements during the year are as follows:

                                                                                              2022             2021
                                                                                             Lease            Lease
                                                                                         liabilities       liabilities
                                                                                         HK$’000           HK$’000


           Carrying amount at 1 January                                                   24,263             22,963
           New leases                                                                       5,429             11,491
           Additions as a result of acquisition of subsidiaries                             4,059                 —
           Disposals                                                                       (1,523)                —
           Accretion of interest recognised during the year                                   861                877
           Payments                                                                       (11,936)           (11,068)
           Exchange realignment                                                                38                 —


           Carrying amount at 31 December                                                   21,191           24,263


           Analysed into:
            Current portion                                                                11,496             9,473
            Non-current portion                                                             9,695            14,790


         The maturity analysis of lease liabilities is disclosed in note 39 to the financial statements.

         The Group has applied the practical expedient to all eligible rent concessions granted by the lessors for
         leases of certain plant and equipment during the year.

    (c) The amounts recognised in profit or loss in relation to leases are as follows:

                                                                                            2022              2021
                                                                                         HK$’000           HK$’000


           Nominal interest on lease liabilities                                              861               877
           Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets                                      11,887            10,676
           Expense relating to short-term leases (included in
             administrative expenses)                                                        3,918             1,506


           Total amount recognised in profit or loss                                       16,666            13,059


    (d) The total cash outflow for leases is disclosed in note 34(c) to the financial statements.




                                                                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 105
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2022



      16. GOODWILL

                                                                                                  2022               2021
                                                                                               HK$’000            HK$’000


               As at 1 January                                                                 607,297            603,820
               Acquisition of a subsidiary (note 33)                                           569,950                 —
               Exchange realignment                                                              7,149              3,477


               As at 31 December                                                              1,184,396           607,297


           Impairment testing of goodwill
           Goodwill acquired through business combinations is allocated to the following cash-generating units for
           impairment testing:

           •      Content Monetization cash-generating unit (“CM CGU”);

           •      Content Protection cash-generating unit (“CP CGU”); and

           •      Particle Technology cash-generating unit (“Particle Technology CGU”).

           The carrying amount of goodwill allocated to each of the cash-generating units is as follows:

                                                                                Particle Technology
                                        CM CGU                CP CGU                    CGU                  Total
                                      2022        2021       2022      2021        2022        2021      2022           2021
                                   HK$’000     HK$’000    HK$’000   HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000   HK$’000        HK$’000


               Carrying amount
                 of goodwill        555,169     554,412    52,957      52,885   576,270           —   1,184,396      607,297


           Content Monetization cash-generating unit
           The Group purchased the Acquired Business on 16 November, 2019. The acquisition brought in technology
           complementary, expanded monetization, as well as enhanced sales proposition for the Group. The Acquired
           Business and the original Transaction-based SaaS Business share similar customer base. Management has
           restructured the businesses after the acquisition. The Acquired Business shares the operating, server,
           administration and research and development resources with the original transaction-based business’s team
           and as a result, the Transaction-based SaaS Business CGU is enlarged with the Acquired Business. After the
           restructuring, businesses within this CGU share similar technologies and are able to provide diversified
           monetization service offerings. Accordingly, the Group considered the Acquired Business as an integral part
           of the Content Monetization cash-generating unit in the impairment assessment of goodwill.




106      Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2022
             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                31 December 2022



16. GOODWILL (Continued)

   Impairment testing of goodwill (Continued)
   Content Monetization cash-generating unit (Continued)
   The recoverable amount of the CGU has been determined based on a value-in-use calculation using five-
   year cash flow projections approved by senior management. An assessment was made at the end of the
   year.

   Key assumptions used in the calculation are as follows:

                                                                                      2022              2021


     Revenue (% compound growth rate)                                                   7%                7%
     Gross margin (% of revenue)                                                       35%               38%
     Terminal growth rate                                                               2%                3%
     Pre-tax discount rate                                                             19%               16%


   Revenue — the basis used to determine the budgeted revenue is based on the historical data and
   management’s expectation of the future market. The compound growth rate of revenue was estimated based
   on information available at the time of assessment, disregarding information that became available after the
   assessment. Such information includes the number of contracts signed and the progress of business under
   negotiation.

   Gross margin — The basis used to determine the value assigned to the budgeted gross margin is the average
   gross margins achieved in the year immediately before the budget year for each product, increased for
   expected efficiency improvements, and expected market development.

   Terminal growth rate — The terminal growth rate is based on the historical data and management’s
   expectation on the future market.

   Pre-tax discount rate — The pre-tax discount rate used is determined using the capital asset pricing model
   with reference to the beta coefficient and debt ratio of certain publicly listed companies in the technology
   industry.

   If the pre-tax discount rate rose to 39% or the gross profit margin decreased to 22% (with other assumptions
   remaining unchanged), the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit would be decreased to the
   carrying amount of goodwill. Except for these, any reasonably possible changes in other key assumptions
   used in the value-in-use assessment model would not affect management’s view on impairment at 31
   December 2022.

   Based on the impairment assessment conducted by the Group utilising the above key assumptions, the
   recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit estimated from the cash flow forecast exceeded the
   carrying amount of goodwill and no impairment was considered necessary.

   The values assigned to the key assumptions on market development of related services and discount rates
   are consistent with external information sources.




                                                              Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 107
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2022



      16. GOODWILL (Continued)

           Impairment testing of goodwill (Continued)
           Content Protection cash-generating unit
           The Group acquired the business from IP-Echelon on 19 November 2018, to solidify its leadership position in
           content protection globally and strengthen its ability to provide comprehensive solutions against any
           emerging threats of content piracy online. The acquisition also enables the Group to implement its plan to
           proactively expand geographic coverage internationally. The acquired technology had been incorporated
           fully into the content protection business and those new contracts had incorporated the technology inside. In
           2021, the Group has consolidated all functions of the P2P and blockchain technology into one single product
           of content protection and started selling it in Mainland China and resulted in a significant growth of revenue.

           The recoverable amount of the CGU has been determined based on a value-in-use calculation using five-
           year cash flow projections approved by senior management. An assessment was made at the end of the
           year.

           Key assumptions used in the calculation are as follows:

                                                                                                 2022             2021


             Revenue (% compound growth rate)                                                      4%               7%
             Gross margin (% of revenue)                                                          74%              90%
             Terminal growth rate                                                                  2%               3%
             Pre-tax discount rate                                                                19%              16%


           If the pre-tax discount rate rose to 358% or the gross margin decreased to 18% (with other assumptions
           remaining unchanged), the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit would be decreased to the
           carrying amount of goodwill. Except for these, any reasonably possible changes in other key assumptions
           used in the value-in-use assessment model would not affect management’s view on impairment at 31
           December 2022.

           Based on the impairment assessment conducted by the Group utilising the above key assumptions, the
           recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit estimated from the cash flow forecast exceeded the
           carrying amount of goodwill and no impairment was considered necessary.

           The values assigned to the key assumptions on market development of related services and discount rates
           are consistent with external information sources.




108      Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2022
             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                           31 December 2022



16. GOODWILL (Continued)

   Impairment testing of goodwill (Continued)
   Particle Technology cash-generating unit
   The Group acquired 61.18% interests in the Particle Technology on 9 May 2022 to embrace market
   opportunities, further consolidate its position as the leader in online video content protection and
   monetization, and to further realise market potentials in China.

   The recoverable amount of the CGU has been determined based on a value-in-use calculation using eight-
   year cash flow projections estimated by the specialist. An assessment was made at the end of the year.

   Key assumptions used in the calculation are as follows:

                                                                                                  2022


     Revenue (% compound growth rate)                                                               18%
     Gross margin (% of revenue)                                                                    27%
     Terminal growth rate                                                                            2%
     Pre-tax discount rate                                                                          17%


   Based on the impairment assessment conducted by the Group utilising the above key assumptions, the
   recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit estimated from the cash flow forecast exceeded the
   carrying amount of goodwill and no impairment was considered necessary.

   The values assigned to the key assumptions on market development of related services and discount rates
   are consistent with external information sources.




                                                             Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 109
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2022



      17. OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                                 Deferred
                                              development                                     Customer
                                                     costs    Software Copyright Technology relationship       Total
                                                 HK$’000      HK$’000 HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000


             31 December 2022

             Cost at 1 January 2022, net of
               accumulated amortisation            86,212         223          —      17,462      7,552      111,449
             Additions                             88,431       2,418      4,726          —          —        95,575
             Acquisition of subsidiaries            6,513      20,021     29,980      91,882    109,593     257,989
             Amortisation provided
               during the year                      (4,611)     (2,407)   (26,071)   (13,842)    (20,881)    (67,812)
             Exchange realignment                   (7,218)       (734)    (1,059)      (173)         39      (9,145)


             At 31 December 2022                  169,327       19,521     7,576     95,329      96,303     388,056


             At 31 December 2022
               Cost                               177,780       25,187    18,937     118,535    122,788     463,227
               Accumulated amortisation            (8,453)      (5,666)   (11,361)   (23,206)   (26,485)     (75,171)


             Net carrying amount                  169,327       19,521     7,576     95,329      96,303     388,056




110      Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2022
             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                              31 December 2022



17. OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Continued)

                                         Deferred
                                      development                                Customer
                                             costs   Software    Technology    relationship         Total
                                          HK$’000    HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000         HK$’000


     31 December 2021

     Cost at 1 January 2021, net of
       accumulated amortisation            48,373        407         22,215         10,155           81,150
     Additions                             40,430         —              —              —           40,430
     Amortisation provided
       during the year                     (4,089)        (71)       (4,959)        (2,626)         (11,745)
     Exchange realignment                   1,498        (113)          206             23            1,614


     At 31 December 2021                   86,212        223         17,462          7,552         111,449


     At 31 December 2021
       Cost                                90,248        294         26,667         13,131         130,340
       Accumulated amortisation            (4,036)        (71)       (9,205)        (5,579)         (18,891)


     Net carrying amount                   86,212        223         17,462          7,552         111,449




                                                          Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 111
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2022



      18. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES

                                                                                             2022             2021
                                                                                          HK$’000          HK$’000


             Share of net assets                                                              1,111             108
             Share of losses of associates                                                     (93)            (108)


                                                                                             1,018               —


           As at 31 December 2022, UHD Big Data Solutions Co., Ltd and Shanghai Lijiu Network Technology Co., Ltd.
           are associates of the Group, and the proportions of the Group’s ownership is 15% and 45.9%, respectively.



      19. INVENTORIES

                                                                                             2022             2021
                                                                                          HK$’000          HK$’000


             Contract costs                                                                 17,092               —



      20. TRADE RECEIVABLES

                                                                                             2022             2021
                                                                                          HK$’000          HK$’000


             Trade receivables                                                            686,954          269,756
             Impairment                                                                      (803)             (119)


                                                                                           686,151         269,637


           The Group’s trading terms with its debtors are usually 10 to 180 days. The Group always recognises lifetime
           ECLs for all trade receivables and measures the lifetime ECL on a specific basis according to management’s
           assessment of the recoverability of an individual receivable. Management considers the number of days that
           an individual receivable is outstanding, historical experience and forward-looking information to determine
           the recoverability of the trade receivable. The Group does not hold any collateral or other credit
           enhancements over its trade receivables balances. Trade receivables are unsecured and non-interest-
           bearing.




112      Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2022
             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                 31 December 2022



20. TRADE RECEIVABLES (Continued)

   An ageing analysis of the trade receivables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice date
   and net of loss allowance, is as follows:

                                                                                       2022              2021
                                                                                    HK$’000           HK$’000


     Within 1 year                                                                  676,358           269,614
     Over 1 years                                                                     9,793                23


                                                                                     686,151          269,637


   The movements in loss allowance for impairment of trade receivables are as follows:

                                                                                       2022              2021
                                                                                    HK$’000           HK$’000


     At beginning of year                                                                 119               54
     Impairment of trade receivables, net                                                684                65


     At end of year                                                                      803               119


   An impairment analysis is performed at each reporting date using a provision matrix to measure expected
   credit losses. The provision rates are based on days past due for groupings of various customer segments
   with similar loss patterns (i.e., by geographical region, product type, customer type and rating, and coverage
   by letters of credit or other forms of credit insurance). The calculation reflects the probability-weighted
   outcome, the time value of money and reasonable and supportable information that is available at the
   reporting date about past events, current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions. Generally,
   trade receivables are written off if past due for more than one year and are not subject to enforcement
   activity.




                                                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 113
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2022



      20. TRADE RECEIVABLES (Continued)

           Set out below is the information about the credit risk exposure on the Group’s trade receivables using a
           provision matrix:

           As at 31 December 2022

                                                                          Past due
                                                             Less than         1 to 2         Over
                                                Current         1 year         years       2 years         Total


             Expected credit loss rate            0.03%         0.12%         4.69%         0.00%          0.12%
             Gross carrying amount
               (HK$’000)                        525,931       150,748        10,275             —       686,954
             Expected credit losses
               (HK$’000)                            146            175          482             —           803


           As at 31 December 2021

                                                                          Past due
                                                             Less than         1 to 2         Over
                                                 Current        1 year         years       2 years          Total


             Expected credit loss rate            0.04%         0.48%         0.00%          0.00%         0.04%
             Gross carrying amount
               (HK$’000)                        265,980          3,776            —             —        269,756
             Expected credit losses
               (HK$’000)                             101            18            —             —             119




114      Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2022
             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                  31 December 2022



21. PREPAYMENTS, OTHER RECEIVABLES AND OTHER ASSETS

                                                                                        2022              2021
                                                                                     HK$’000           HK$’000


     Prepayments                                                                      99,696            43,338
     Deposits and other receivables                                                   16,734             9,525


                                                                                      116,430           52,863

     Portion classified as current assets                                            (114,479)          (50,877)


     Non-current portion                                                                 1,951            1,986


   Other receivables and other assets mainly represent rental deposits and deposits with suppliers. The financial
   assets included in the above balances relate to deposits and receivables for which there was no recent
   history of default. The Group has thereby concluded that the expected credit loss rates for trade receivables
   are a reasonable approximation of the rates for other receivables and other assets. Since other receivables
   and other assets are related to receivables which are still in current and the payment is not due, the expected
   credit loss rates of deposits and other receivables are assessed to be minimal. No other receivable due from
   related party in 2022. (2021: HK$2,446,000). Details of the amounts due from related parties are disclosed in
   note 36 to the financial statements.



22. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS

                                                                                        2022              2021
                                                                        Note        HK $’000          HK $’000


     Call options                                                        33           134,812               —
     Other unlisted investments, at fair value                                         58,669           48,316


                                                                                      193,481           48,316


   The above equity investments were classified as financial assets at FVTPL as the Group has not elected to
   recognise the fair value gain or loss through other comprehensive income. The unlisted investments for the
   years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021 were asset management schemes managed by non-
   bank financial institutions. Details of the amounts of call options are disclosed in note 33 to the financial
   statements.




                                                                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 115
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2022



      23. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS

                                                                                              2022              2021
                                                                                           HK$’000           HK$’000


             Cash and bank balances                                                         203,615           429,157
             Time deposits                                                                  230,723            67,708


             Less: Pledged time deposits:
               Pledged for bank loans                                                       207,843                —


                                                                                            226,495          496,865


             Denominated in HK$                                                             292,493          342,077
             Denominated in US$                                                               20,732          23,332
             Denominated in RMB                                                              118,735          127,131
             Denominated in JPY                                                                2,149            3,819
             Denominated in AU$                                                                  229             506


             Cash and cash equivalents and pledged deposits                                434,338           496,865


           Cash at banks earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates. Short-term time deposits
           earn interest at deposit rates proposed by the banks. The bank balances are deposited with creditworthy
           banks with no recent history of default.

           The RMB is not freely convertible into other currencies, however, under Mainland China’s Foreign Exchange
           Control Regulations and Administration of Settlement, and Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange
           Regulations, the Group is permitted to exchange RMB for other currencies through banks authorised to
           conduct foreign exchange business.



      24. TRADE PAYABLES

           An ageing analysis of the trade payables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice date, is
           as follows:

                                                                                              2022              2021
                                                                                           HK$’000           HK$’000


             Within 1 year                                                                  279,691           136,218


           The trade payables are non-interest-bearing and are normally settled on within 1 year terms.




116      Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                               31 December 2022



25. OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS

                                                                                                                 2022                   2021
                                                                                            Notes             HK$’000                HK$’000


     Other payables                                                                           (a)               35,926                 10,852
     Accruals                                                                                                    7,129                  6,099
     Contract liabilities                                                                     (b)                4,712                  2,409
     Payroll and welfare accruals                                                                               23,322                  6,349


                                                                                                                 71,089                25,709


   Notes:


   (a)      Other payables are non-interest-bearing and repayable on demand.


   (b)      Details of contract liabilities are as follows:


                                                                                                                    2022                   2021
                                                                                                                HK$’000                HK$’000


              Short-term advances received from customers
              Rendering of services                                                                                 4,712                 2,409


            Contract liabilities include short-term advances received to render services. The increase in contract liabilities in 2022 and 2021 was
            mainly due to the increase in short-term advances received from customers in relation to the provision of render services at the end
            of the year.




                                                                                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 117
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2022



      26. INTEREST-BEARING BANK BORROWINGS

           On 2 April 2022, Vobile HK entered a senior facility (the “Senior Facility”) agreement and a mezzanine facility
           (the “Mezzanine Facility”) agreement with The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited (“HSBC”)
           as the arranger and agent for loan amount of US$75 million and US$52.5 million, respectively. The Senior
           Facility was drawn on 21 April 2022, bear interest at secured overnight financing rate plus three point seven
           five percent to five point seven five percent and is fully repayable on 29 September 2023. The Mezzanine
           Facility was drawn on 21 April 2022, bear interest at secured overnight financing rate plus nine percent and is
           fully repayable on 2 July 2024. The interest-bearing borrowings are secured by the shares, intellectual
           properties, trade receivables and bank balances of all material subsidiaries of the Group.

                                                                                                                 2023
                                                                                                              HK$’000


             Analysed into:
              Bank loans and overdrafts repayable:
                Within one year or on demand                                                                  652,654
                In the second year                                                                            351,232



      27. CONVERTIBLE BONDS

           On 16 August 2022, the Company issued convertible bonds in an aggregate principal amount of
           HK$117,000,000 to Lucion International Investment Limited, an investment holding company incorporated in
           Hong Kong. The convertible bonds have an initial conversion price of HK$5.32 per Share. The convertible
           bonds are convertible into shares of the Company. The convertible bonds bear simple interest on their
           outstanding principal amount at the rate of 4% per annum, payable annually in arrears, and will mature in the
           three years from the issue date. The annual effective interest rate of the debt component is 10.69%.

           The fair value of the liability component was estimated at the issuance date using an equivalent market
           interest rate for a similar bond without a conversion option. The residual amount is assigned as the equity
           component and is included in shareholders’ equity.




118      Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2022
              NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                    31 December 2022



27. CONVERTIBLE BONDS (Continued)

   The convertible bonds issued during the year have been split into the liability and equity components as
   follows :

                                                                                        2022               2021
                                                                                     HK$’000            HK$’000


     Liability component at 1 January                                                        —            82,975
     Nominal value of convertible bonds issued during the year                        117,000                 —
     Equity component                                                                   (8,614)               —
     Direct transaction costs attributable to the equity component                        (706)               —
     Direct transaction costs attributable to the liability component                   (9,917)               —


     Liability component at the issuance date                                             97,763               —
     Interest expense                                                                      3,923          15,490
     Interest payable                                                                         —            (2,778)
     Interest paid                                                                            —           (2,500)
     Conversion of convertible bonds                                                          —          (97,022)
     Exchange realignment                                                                     —             3,835


     Liability component at 31 December                                               101,686                  —
     Portion classified as current liabilities                                         (4,680)                 —


     Non-current portion                                                              97,006                   —



28. DEFERRED TAX

   The movements in deferred tax liabilities and assets during the year are as follows:

   Deferred tax liabilities
                                                                                                   Tax deduction
                                                                                                      of goodwill
                                                                                                         HK$’000


     At 1 January 2021                                                                                    14,017
     Deferred tax charged to profit or loss during the year (note 10)                                     13,526


     At 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022                                                               27,543
     Acquisition of subsidiaries                                                                          50,347
     Deferred tax charged to profit or loss during the year (note 10)                                     (3,349)


     At 31 December 2022                                                                                  74,541




                                                                 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 119
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2022



      28. DEFERRED TAX (Continued)

           Deferred tax assets
                                                     Losses    Depreciation
                                               available for   allowance in
                                                  offsetting      excess of Research and
                                              against future        related Development
                                             taxable profits   depreciation        costs         Others        Total
                                                    HK$’000        HK$’000      HK$’000         HK$’000      HK$’000


             At 1 January 2021                       37,094           1,667           11,504       11,977     62,242
             Deferred tax credited/
               (charged) to profit or loss
               during the year (note 10)             15,593           (1,292)         3,153        3,907       21,361


             At 31 December 2021 and
               1 January 2022                        52,687             375          14,657       15,884      83,603
             Deferred tax credited/
               (charged) to profit or loss
               during the year (note 10)              1,550           2,580          (2,028)       1,964        4,066
             Acquisition of subsidiaries                 —            4,904              —         1,212         6,116


             At 31 December 2022                    54,237            7,859          12,629      19,060       93,785


           As at 31 December 2022, deferred tax assets related to Vobile US have been calculated at a composite
           statutory tax rate of 27.10%, which consisted of a federal income tax rate of 21% and multiple state income
           tax rates.

           Deferred tax assets had been provided for the losses available for offsetting against future taxable profits.
           The Group had tax losses and unutilised deduction arising in the United States of HK$200,137,000 as at 31
           December 2022 (2021: HK$188,302,000), that will expire in twenty years from 31 December 2022 for
           offsetting against future taxable profits.




120      Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2022
            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                               31 December 2022



29. SHARE CAPITAL

                                                                                    2022              2021
                                                                                 HK$’000           HK$’000


    Issued and fully paid (US$0.000025 per share):
      2,117,596,656 ordinary shares (2021:US$0.000025 per share
        for 2,117,596,656 shares)                                                     417                417


   A summary of movements in the Company’s share capital is as follows:

                                                      Number of                 Number of
                                                       shares in       Share     treasury         Treasury
                                                          issue       capital      shares           shares
                                                                     HK$’000                       HK$’000


    At 1 January 2021                               459,104,556           359    8,840,000          (21,984)
    Exercise of share options before Share
      Subdivision (a)                                  9,497,000            8            —                —
    Issue of shares before Share Subdivision (b)      21,500,000           17            —                —
    Shares repurchased for Share Award Plan
      before the Share Subdivision (c)                        —            —       900,000          (26,787)
    Transferred for Share Award Plan before
      the Share Subdivision (c)                               —            —     (3,073,155)          7,643


    Immediately before the Share Subdivision          490,101,556         384    6,666,845           (41,128)
    Effect of the Share Subdivision (d)            1,470,304,668           —    20,000,535                —


    Immediately after the Share Subdivision        1,960,406,224          384   26,667,380           (41,128)
    Shares repurchased for Share Award Plan
      after the Share Subdivision (c)                         —            —     4,744,000          (32,657)
    Transferred for Share Award Plan before
      the Share Subdivision (c)                               —            —    (5,325,962)          11,348
    Exercise of share options after the Share
      Subdivision (a)                                  4,588,000           3             —                —
    Share converted from convertible bonds
      after the Share Subdivision (e)               152,602,432            30            —                —


    At 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022 2,117,596,656                  417   26,085,418          (62,437)
    Shares repurchased for Share Award Plan (c)       —                    —    12,566,000           44,462
    Transferred during the year for
      Share Award Plan (c)                            —                    —    (9,772,956)          27,006


    At 31 December 2022                            2,117,596,656          417   28,878,462          (79,893)




                                                                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 121
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2022



      29. SHARE CAPITAL (Continued)

           Notes:


           (a)      In 2021, before the Share Subdivision, the subscription rights attaching to 4,597,000 and 4,900,000 share options were exercised at
                    the subscription price of US$0.125 per share and HK$3.5 per share, respectively, resulting in the issue of 9,497,000 shares for a total
                    cash consideration, before expenses, of US$718,000 and HK$17,150,000 respectively. After the Share Subdivision, the subscription
                    rights attaching to 4,588,000 share options were exercised at the subscription price of US$0.03125 per share, resulting in the issue
                    of 4,588,000 shares for a total cash consideration, before expenses, of US$143,000. An amount of HK$33,533,000 was transferred
                    from the share compensation reserve to share capital upon the exercise of the share options.


           (b)      On 28 May 2021, the Company completed the allotment and issuance of 21,500,000 Shares to no less than six placees at a
                    subscription price of HK$30.30 per Share (before the Share Subdivision, equivalent to HK$7.575 per Share after the Share
                    Subdivision).


           (c)      On 6 May 2019, the Board adopted a 10-year Share Award Plan (the “Share Award Plan”) to incentivise, recognise and reward the
                    contributions of certain eligible persons (“Eligible Persons”) to the growth and development of the Group.


                    Pursuant to the Share Award Plan, the ordinary shares of US$0.000025 each in the capital of the Company will be acquired by the
                    trustee at the cost of the Company and will be held in trust for the Eligible Persons before vesting. The total number of shares
                    granted Share Award Plan under the Scheme shall be limited to 10% of the total issued share capital of the Company.


                    The Board has delegated the power and authority to a trustee to handle operational matters of the Scheme but all major decisions in
                    relation to the Scheme shall be made by the Board unless expressly provided for in the Scheme rules pursuant to the Scheme or the
                    Board resolves to delegate such power to the trustee.


                    Pursuant to the Share Award Plan rules, the Board may, from time to time, at its absolute discretion and subject to such terms and
                    conditions as it may think fit, select any participants for participation in the Share Award Plan as Eligible Persons and determine the
                    number of awarded shares.


                    In 2022, 9,772,956 shares were granted and transferred under the Share Award Plan.


           (d)      The increase of the number of issued shares due to the Share Subdivision of every one share of par value of US$0.0001 of the
                    Company into four subdivided shares of US$0.000025 each was effective on 15 July 2021.


           (e)      On 14 July 2020, the Company issued Series One Convertible Bonds and Series Two Convertible Bonds of principal amounts of
                    HK$80,000,000 and HK$20,000,000. On 31 December 2021, the bondholder converted Series One Convertible Bonds and Series
                    Two Convertible Bonds into 152,602,432 shares with conversion price were HK$0.65 per share and HK$0.70 per share respectively.


           Share options
           Details of the Company’s share option scheme and the share options issued under the scheme are included
           in note 30 to the financial statements.




122      Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                          31 December 2022



30. SHARE OPTION SCHEME

   The Company operates a Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme and Post-IPO Share Option Scheme for the purpose
   of providing additional incentive to eligible participants of the Group and to promote the success of the
   Group’s operations. Eligible participants of the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme include employees, Directors,
   consultants and advisers of the Group, and they could exercise with prices of no less than 100% of the fair
   value of a share on the date of grant. The Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme became effective on December 30,
   2016 and, unless otherwise cancelled or amended, will remain in force for 10 years from that date. The Post-
   IPO Share Option Scheme became effective on December 8, 2017 and, unless otherwise cancelled or
   amended, will remain in force for 10 years from that date.

   Any options granted to a participant who is a director, chief executive or substantial shareholder of the
   Company or any of their respective associates under the scheme shall be approved by the independent non-
   executive directors of the Company and in the event that the proposed participant is an independent non-
   executive director of the Company, the vote of such independent non-executive director shall not be
   counted for the purpose of approving such grant.

   The following share options were outstanding under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme and the Post-IPO
   Share Option Scheme during the year:

                                                                    2022                                       2021
                                                             Weighted                                   Weighted
                                                               average   Number of                        average            Number of
                                                         exercise price    options                  exercise price             options
                                                         HK$ per share       ‘000                   HK$ per share                 ‘000


       At 1 January                                               4.8409            195,820                   2.2814             27,024
       Effect of the Share Subdivision*                                —                  —                       —              81,072
       Granted during the year                                    5.0000              7,320                   5.5196            130,300
       Exercised during the year                                       —                  —                   0.4197            (42,576)
       Forfeited during the year                                  8.7000             (3,300)                      —                  —


       At 31 December                                             4.7830            199,840                  4.8409             195,820


   *      On 15 July, 2021, all Pre-IPO Options granted for an aggregate of 4,000,000 shares with an exercise price of US$0.50 (equivalent to
          approximately HK$3.9059) per share were adjusted to an aggregate of 64,000,000 shares with US$0.03125 (equivalent to
          approximately HK$ 0.24) per share upon the share subdivision, except that the Pre-IPO incentive stock options granted to Mr.
          Yangbin Bernard Wang with an exercise price of US$0.55 (equivalent to approximately HK$4.2965) per share were adjusted to
          US$0.034375 (equivalent to approximately HK$0.27) per share upon the share subdivision. Post-IPO Options granted for an
          aggregate of 11,250,000 shares with an exercise price of HK$3.5 were adjusted to an aggregate of 45,000,000 shares with
          HK$0.875. Post-IPO Options granted to Kevin A. Mayer for an aggregate of 2,000,000 shares with an exercise price of HK$4.08 were
          adjusted to an aggregate of 8,000,000 shares with HK$1.02.


   No share option was exercised during 2022.




                                                                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 123
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2022



      30. SHARE OPTION SCHEME (Continued)

           The exercise prices and exercise periods of the share options outstanding as at 31 December,2022 and 2021
           are as follows:

           2022

                  Number of options             Exercise price                                      Exercise period
                              ’000              HK$ per share


                             32,120                     0.2676                      25 April 2019 to 25 April 2027
                             25,400                     0.8750                      30 July 2022 to 30 July 2030
                              4,000                     1.0200            9 September 2021 to 9 September 2030
                              4,000                     1.0200            9 September 2022 to 9 September 2030
                            112,000                     5.0000                12 January 2021 to 12 January 2031
                             15,000                     8.7000                       23 July 2022 to 23 July 2031
                              7,320                     5.0000                         8 July 2023 to 7 July 2032


           2021

                   Number of options              Exercise price                                    Exercise period
                                 ‘000            HK$ per share
                     (after the share           (after the share
                         subdivision)               subdivision)


                              32,120                    0.2676                        25 April 2019 to 25 April 2027
                              25,400                    0.8750                        30 July 2022 to 30 July 2030
                               4,000                    1.0200              9 September 2021 to 9 September 2030
                               4,000                    1.0200              9 September 2022 to 9 September 2030
                             112,000                    5.0000                  12 January 2021 to 12 January 2031
                              18,300                    8.7000                        23 July 2022 to 23 July 2031


           During the year, 7,320,000 shares were granted under the Post-IPO Share Option Scheme. The fair value of
           share options granted during the year was estimated as at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes model,
           taking into account the terms and conditions upon which the options were granted. The following table lists
           the inputs to the model used:

           The fair value of the share options granted to employees on 8 July, 2022 were HK$15,860,000. The following
           table lists the inputs to the model used:

                                                                                                              2022


             Dividend yield (%)                                                                               0.0%
             Expected volatility (%)                                                                        47.29%
             Risk-free interest rate (%)                                                                     3.06%
             Weighted average share price (HK$ per share)                                                    5.000



124      Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2022
             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   31 December 2022



30. SHARE OPTION SCHEME (Continued)

   The expected life of the options is based on the historical data over the past three years and is not
   necessarily indicative of the exercise patterns that may occur. The expected volatility reflects the assumption
   that the historical volatility is indicative of future trends, which may also not necessarily be the actual
   outcome.

   No other feature of the options granted was incorporated into the measurement of fair value.



31. RESERVES

   The amounts of the Group’s reserves and the movements therein for the current and prior years are
   presented in the consolidated statement of changes in equity on pages 60 to 61 of the financial statements.

   Merger reserve
   The merger reserve represents those reserves arising from the reorganisation for the purpose of listing.
   Details of the movements in the merger reserve are set out in the consolidated statement of changes in
   equity.

   Other reserve
   The other reserve of the Group represents certain assignments and share-based payments under the share
   option scheme made by the Then Ultimate Holding Company on behalf of the Group.



32. PARTLY-OWNED SUBSIDIARIES WITH MATERIAL NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS

   Details of the Group’s subsidiaries that have material non-controlling interests are set out below:

                                                                                                           2022


     Percentage of equity interest held by non-controlling interests:
       Particle Technology                                                                                61.18%


                                                                                                           2022
                                                                                                         HK’000


     Profit for the year allocated to non-controlling interests:
       Particle Technology                                                                                16,101


     Accumulated balances of non-controlling interests at the reporting date:
       Particle Technology                                                                               185,266




                                                                   Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 125
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2022



      32. PARTLY-OWNED SUBSIDIARIES WITH MATERIAL NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS
           (Continued)

           The following tables illustrate the summarised financial information of the above subsidiaries. The amounts
           disclosed are before any inter-company eliminations:

                                                                                                              Particle
                                                                                                           Technology
                                                                                                             HK$’000


             2022
             Revenue                                                                                          424,417
             Total expenses                                                                                  (382,937)
             Profit for the year                                                                               41,480
             Total comprehensive income for the year                                                           30,968


             Current assets                                                                                   863,024
             Non-current assets                                                                                 77,074
             Current liabilities                                                                              (416,291)
             Non-current liabilities                                                                           (46,533)


             Net cash flows from operating activities                                                           45,946
             Net cash flows used in investing activities                                                       (93,576)
             Net cash flows from financing activities                                                           29,574


             Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents                                                         (18,056)



      33. BUSINESS COMBINATION

           On 9 May 2022, the Group acquired a 61.18% interests in Particle Technology. The acquisition was made as
           part of the Group’s strategy to embrace market opportunities to further consolidate its position as the leader
           in online video content protection and monetization, and to further realise market potentials in China with one
           of the best veteran teams in the industry with proven track record. The purchase consideration for the
           acquisition was in the form of cash with RMB854,107,561 (equivalent to approximately HK$966,851,812) paid
           at the acquisition date. The Group has elected to measure the non- controlling interest in Particle Technology
           at the non-controlling interest’s proportionate share of its identifiable net assets.




126      Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2022
             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                  31 December 2022



33. BUSINESS COMBINATION (Continued)

   The fair values of the identifiable assets and liabilities of Particle Technology as at the date of acquisition
   were as follows:

                                                                                                   Fair value
                                                                                                 recognised
                                                                                              on acquisition
                                                                                        Notes       HK$’000


     Property, plant and equipment                                                        13              20,555
     Right-of-use asset                                                                  15(a)             4,952
     Other intangible assets                                                              17            257,989
     Investments in associates                                                                               1,111
     Deferred tax assets                                                                  28                6,116
     Trade receivables                                                                                  253,557
     Inventories                                                                                           7,391
     Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                                                    271,966
     Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                                14,081
     Cash and bank balances                                                                               47,703
     Trade payables                                                                                    (166,052)
     Other payables and accruals                                                                        (227,711)
     Tax payables                                                                                            (158)
     Lease liabilities                                                                   15(b)            (4,059)
     Interest bearing bank borrowings                                                                      (1,181)
     Deferred tax liabilities                                                             28             (50,347)


     Total identifiable net assets at fair value                                                       435,913
     Non-controlling interests                                                                         (169,165)
     Call options                                                                                       130,154


                                                                                                       396,902
     Goodwill on acquisition                                                              16           569,950


     Satisfied by cash                                                                                 966,852


   The purchase agreement contains three call options. The initial amount recognised were HK$130,154,000
   and the subsequent fair value gains were HK$4,769,000 which was determined using the discounted cash
   flow model and are within Level 3 fair value measurement.




                                                                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 127
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2022



      33. BUSINESS COMBINATION (Continued)

           Significant unobservable valuation inputs for the fair value measurement of the call options are as follows:

                                                                                                                    As at
                                                                                                               acquisition
                                                                                                   2022              date


             Discount rate                                                                         15.3%            14.9%
             Terminal growth rate                                                                     2%               2%


           A significant increase (decrease) in the discount rate would result in a significant decrease (increase) in the
           fair value of the call options.

           An analysis of the cash flows in respect of the acquisition of a subsidiary is as follows:

                                                                                                                Fair value
                                                                                                              recognised
                                                                                                           on acquisition
                                                                                                                 HK$’000


             Cash consideration                                                                                 (966,852)
             Cash and bank balances acquired                                                                      47,703


             Net outflow of cash and cash equivalents included in cash flows
               from investing activities                                                                         (919,149)
             Transaction cost of the acquisition included in cash flows
               from operating activities for the year ended 31 December 2021                                      (14,262)
             Transaction costs of the acquisition included in cash flows
               from operating activities for the year ended 31 December 2022                                       (3,240)


                                                                                                                 (936,651)


           Since the acquisition, Particle Technology contributed HK$424,417,000 to the Group’s revenue and
           HK$41,480,000 to the consolidated profit for the year ended 31 December 2022. Had the combination taken
           place at the beginning of the year, the revenue from continuing operations of the Group and the profit of the
           Group for the year would have been HK$1,659,537,000 and HK$47,925,000, respectively.




128      Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2022
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                              31 December 2022



34. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

   (a) Major non-cash transactions
       During the year, the Group had non-cash additions to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities of
       HK$5,429,000 (2021: HK$11,491,000) and HK$5,429,000 (2021: HK$11,491,000), respectively, in
       respect of lease arrangements for offices.

   (b) Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities
       2022

                                                                     Bank          Lease      Convertible
                                                                    loans      liabilities        bonds
                                                                  HK$’000      HK$’000          HK$’000


        At 1 January 2022                                               —        24,263                —
        Changes from financing cash flows                         914,718        (11,075)         106,377
        Equity component of convertible bonds                           —             —            (8,614)
        New leases                                                      —         (1,523)              —
        Disposal                                                        —          5,429               —
        Interest expense                                           87,987            861            3,923
        Interest paid classified as operating cash flows                —           (861)              —
        Additions as a result of acquisition of subsidiaries         1,181        4,059                —
        Exchange realignment                                            —             38               —


        At 31 December 2022                                     1,003,886         21,191          101,686


       2021

                                                                     Other         Lease       Convertible
                                                                borrowings      liabilities        bonds
                                                                  HK$’000       HK$’000          HK$’000


        At 1 January 2021                                          150,050       22,963             82,975
        Changes from financing cash flows                         (150,050)      (10,191)                —
        Conversion of convertible bonds                                 —             —            (97,022)
        New leases                                                      —         11,491                 —
        Interest expense                                                —            877            15,490
        Interest payable                                                —             —              (2,778)
        Interest paid classified as operating cash flows                —           (877)           (2,500)
        Exchange realignment                                            —             —               3,835


        At 31 December 2021                                             —        24,263                  —




                                                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 129
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2022



      34. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (Continued)

           (c) Total cash outflow for leases
                 The total cash outflow for leases included in the statement of cash flows is as follows:

                                                                                                 2022          2021
                                                                                              HK$’000       HK$’000


                   Within operating activities                                                     861          877
                   Within financing activities                                                  11,075        10,191


                                                                                                11,936       11,068



      35. COMMITMENTS

           The Group had the following capital commitments at the end of the reporting period:

                                                                                                 2022          2021
                                                                                              HK$’000       HK$’000


             Buildings                                                                          39,256       58,296



      36. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

           (a) Names and relationships of related parties
                   Name                                          Relationship


                   UHD Big Data Solutions Co., Ltd               An associate of the group


           (b) Outstanding balances with related parties
                 Due from related parties included in other receivables

                                                                                                 2022          2021
                                                                                              HK$’000       HK$’000


                   UHD Big Data Solutions Co., Ltd                                               2,239        2,446


                 Amounts due from related parties are non-trade in nature, unsecured, non-interest-bearing and
                 repayable within one year.




130      Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2022
            NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                31 December 2022



37. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY

   The carrying amounts of each of the categories of financial instruments as at 31 December 2022 are as
   follows:

   2022

   Financial assets
                                                             Financial assets       Financial
                                                                 at fair value      assets at
                                                                     through       amortised
                                                                profit or loss          cost           Total
                                                                    HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000


    Trade receivables                                                        —       686,151         686,151
    Financial assets included in prepayments,
      other receivables and other assets                                    —         16,734          16,734
    Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss              193,481             —         193,481
    Cash and cash equivalents and pledged deposits                          —        434,338        434,338


                                                                       193,481      1,137,223     1,330,704


   Financial liabilities
                                                                                                    Financial
                                                                                                 liabilities at
                                                                                                   amortised
                                                                                                          cost
                                                                                                    HK$’000


    Trade payables                                                                                  279,691
    Lease liabilities                                                                                  21,191
    Interest bearing bank borrowings                                                              1,003,886
    Convertible bonds                                                                                101,686
    Financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals                                     43,055


                                                                                                  1,449,509




                                                                    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 131
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2022



      37. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY (Continued)

           2021

           Financial assets
                                                                       Financial assets     Financial
                                                                           at fair value    assets at
                                                                                through    amortised
                                                                          profit or loss        cost         Total
                                                                               HK$’000      HK$’000        HK$’000


             Trade receivables                                                       —      269,637        269,637
             Financial assets included in prepayments,
               other receivables and other assets                                   —         9,525          9,525
             Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss              48,316           —          48,316
             Cash and cash equivalents                                              —       496,865        496,865


                                                                                48,316      776,027        824,343


           Financial liabilities
                                                                                                           Financial
                                                                                                        liabilities at
                                                                                                          amortised
                                                                                                                 cost
                                                                                                           HK$’000


             Trade payables                                                                                 136,218
             Lease liabilities                                                                               24,263
             Financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals                                    16,951


                                                                                                            177,432




132      Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2022
             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   31 December 2022



38. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

   The carrying amounts and fair values of the Group’s financial instruments, other than those with carrying
   amounts that reasonably approximate to fair values, are as follows:

                                                    Carrying amounts                      Fair values
                                                      2022              2021             2022              2021
                                                   HK$’000           HK$’000          HK$’000           HK$’000


     Financial assets

     Financial assets at fair value
       through profit or loss                       193,481            48,316          193,481           48,316


     Financial liabilities

     Interest-bearing bank borrowings            1,003,886                  —       1,003,886                 —
     Convertible bonds                              101,686                 —         107,680                 —


                                                  1,105,572                 —        1,111,566                —


   Management has assessed that the fair values of cash and cash equivalents, trade receivables, financial
   assets included in prepayments, deposits and other receivables, trade payables, other liabilities and financial
   liabilities included in other payables and accruals approximate to their carrying amounts largely due to the
   short term maturities of these instruments. The carrying amount of other borrowings approximates fair value
   due to variable interest rate terms stick to the market interest rate.

   The Group’s finance department is responsible for determining the policies and procedures for the fair value
   measurement of financial instruments. At each reporting date, the finance department analyses the
   movements in the values of financial instruments and determines the major inputs applied in the valuation.
   The directors review the results of the fair value measurement of financial instruments periodically for annual
   financial reporting.

   The fair values of the financial assets and liabilities are included at the amount at which the instrument could
   be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties, other than in a forced or liquidation sale.

   The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values:

   The fair values of the convertible bonds and interest bearing bank borrowings have been calculated by
   discounting the expected future cash flows using rates currently available for instruments with similar terms,
   credit risk and remaining maturities. The changes in fair value as a result of the Group’s own non-performance
   risk for interest bearing bank borrowings as at 31 December 2022 were assessed to be insignificant. The fair
   value of the liability portion of the convertible bonds is estimated by discounting the expected future cash
   flows using an equivalent market interest rate for a similar convertible bond with consideration of the Group’s
   own non-performance risk.




                                                                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 133
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2022



      38. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

           For the unlisted investment fund measured at fair value through profit or loss, management assessed the fair
           value based on the expected future cash flows using rates currently available for instruments with similar
           terms, credit risk.

           For the call options measured at fair value through profit or loss management assessed the fair value based
           on the expected future cash flows using rates currently available for instruments with similar terms, credit
           risk and remaining maturities. Details of the Company’s call options are included in note 33 to the financial
           statements.

           Fair value hierarchy
           The following tables illustrate the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s financial instruments:

           Assets measured at fair value:

           As at 31 December 2022

                                                             Fair value measurement using
                                                     Quoted prices        Significant     Significant
                                                          in active       observable    unobservable
                                                          markets             inputs          inputs
                                                          (Level 1)         (Level 2)       (Level 3)             Total
                                                         HK$’000            HK$’000         HK$’000            HK$’000


             Financial assets at fair value
               through profit or loss                             —                —          193,481           193,481


           As at 31 December 2021

                                                              Fair value measurement using
                                                      Quoted prices       Significant      Significant
                                                           in active      observable     unobservable
                                                            markets            inputs           inputs
                                                           (Level 1)        (Level 2)        (Level 3)           Total
                                                          HK$’000           HK$’000          HK$’000           HK$’000


             Financial assets at fair value
               through profit or loss                             —                —            48,316           48,316




134      Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2022
             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                   31 December 2022



38. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)

   Fair value hierarchy (Continued)
   The movements in fair value measurements within Level 3 during the year are as follows:

                                                                                          2022            2021
                                                                                       HK$’000         HK$’000


     Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
       At 1 January                                                                      48,316              —
       Purchases                                                                             —           48,316
       Total profit recognised in the statement of profit or loss
         included in other income                                                        17,039               —
       Acquisition of subsidiaries                                                      130,154               —
       Exchange realignment                                                              (2,028)              —


     At 31 December                                                                     193,481          48,316


   Liabilities measured at fair value:

   The Group did not have any financial liabilities measured at fair value as at 31 December 2022 and 31
   December 2021.

   Liabilities for which fair values are disclosed:

   As at 31 December 2022

                                                       Fair value measurement using
                                                Quoted prices        Significant     Significant
                                                     in active       observable    unobservable
                                                     markets             inputs          inputs
                                                     (Level 1)         (Level2)        (Level 3)         Total
                                                    HK$’000            HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000


     Interest-bearing bank borrowings                      —                 —        1,003,886      1,003,886
     Convertible bonds                                     —                 —          107,680        107,680


                                                           —                 —         1,111,566      1,111,566




                                                                    Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 135
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2022



      39. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES

           The Group’s principal financial instruments comprise other borrowings, convertible bonds and cash and cash
           equivalents. The main purpose of these financial instruments is to raise finance for the Group’s operations.
           The Group has various other financial assets and liabilities such as trade receivables and trade payables,
           which arise directly from its operations.

           The main risks arising from the Group’s financial instruments are interest rate risk, foreign currency risk, credit
           risk and liquidity risk. The directors review and agree policies for managing each of these risks and they are
           summarised below.

           Interest rate risk
           The Group’s exposure to the risk of changes in market interest rates relates primarily to the Group’s long term
           bank borrowings with a floating interest rate.

           The following table demonstrates the sensitivity to a reasonably possible change in interest rates, with all
           other variables held constant, of the Group’s profit before tax (through the impact on floating rate
           borrowings) and the Group’s equity.

                                                                                               Increase/
                                                                            Increase/      (Decrease) in        Increase/
                                                                         (decrease) in      profit before    (Decrease) in
                                                                          basis points                tax          equity*
                                                                                                 HK$’000          HK$’000


             2022
             USD                                                                    100            (4,053)          (4,053)
             USD                                                                   (100)            4,053            4,053




136      Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                  31 December 2022



39. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)

   Foreign currency risk
   The Group has transactional currency exposures. Such exposures arise from sales or purchases by operating
   units and investing and financing activities by investment holding units in currencies other than the units’
   functional currencies. The following table demonstrates the sensitivity at the end of the reporting period to a
   reasonably possible change in the major foreign currency exchange rates, with all other variables held
   constant, of the Group’s profit before tax arising from USD and RMB denominated financial instruments and
   the Group’s equity due to the changes of exchange fluctuation reserves of certain overseas subsidiaries of
   which the functional currencies are currencies other than HK$.

                                                                                                     Increase/
                                                                                (Decrease)/      (Decrease) in
                                                                                 increase in      profit before
                                                                              USD/RMB rate                  tax
                                                                                          %            HK$’000


       2022
       If the Hong Kong dollar weakens against the USD                                     (5)           3,209
       If the Hong Kong dollar strengthens against the USD                                  5           (3,209)

       If the Hong Kong dollar weakens against the RMB                                     (5)           4,386
       If the Hong Kong dollar strengthens against the RMB                                  5           (4,386)


       2021
       If the Hong Kong dollar weakens against the USD                                     (5)            9,096
       If the Hong Kong dollar strengthens against the USD                                  5            (9,096)

       If the Hong Kong dollar weakens against the RMB                                     (5)            7,794
       If the Hong Kong dollar strengthens against the RMB                                  5            (7,794)


   *      Excluding retained profits




                                                                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 137
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2022



      39. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)

           Credit risk
           The Group trades only with recognised and creditworthy third parties. It is the Group’s policy that all
           customers who wish to trade on credit terms are subject to credit verification procedures. In addition,
           receivable balances are monitored on an ongoing basis and the Group’s exposure to bad debts is not
           significant. For transactions that are not denominated in the functional currency of the relevant operating
           unit, the Group does not offer credit terms without the specific approval from management.

           Maximum exposure and year-end staging
           The table below shows the credit quality and the maximum exposure to credit risk based on the Group’s
           credit policy, which is mainly based on past due information unless other information is available without
           undue cost or effort, and year-end staging classification as at 31 December 2022. The amounts presented
           are gross carrying amounts for financial assets and the exposure to credit risk for the financial guarantee
           contracts.

           As at 31 December 2022

                                                           12-month
                                                               ECLs             Lifetime ECLs
                                                                                              Simplified
                                                            Stage 1     Stage 2     Stage 3   approach        Total
                                                           HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000


             Trade receivables*                                    —          —           —     686,954    686,954
             Financial assets included in
               prepayments, other receivables and
               other assets — Normal**                        16,734          —           —           —      16,734
             Cash and cash equivalents and pledged
               deposits — not yet past due                  434,338           —           —           —    434,338


                                                            451,072           —           —     686,954 1,138,026




138      Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                                31 December 2022



39. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)

   Credit risk (Continued)
   Maximum exposure and year-end staging (Continued)
   As at 31 December 2021

                                                                       12-month
                                                                           ECLs                     Lifetime ECLs
                                                                                                                        Simplified
                                                                         Stage 1          Stage 2         Stage 3       approach       Total
                                                                        HK$’000          HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000     HK$’000


        Trade receivables*                                                       —                —               —       269,756    269,756
        Financial assets included in
          prepayments, other receivables and
          other assets — Normal**                                          9,525                  —               —            —       9,525
        Cash and cash equivalents-not yet past due                       496,865                  —               —            —     496,865


                                                                         506,390                  —               —       269,756     776,146


   *       For trade receivables to which the Group applies the simplified approach for impairment, information based on the provision matrix is
           disclosed in note 20 to the financial statements.


   **      The credit quality of the financial assets included in prepayments, other receivables and other assets is considered to be “normal”
           when they are not past due and there is no information indicating that the financial assets had a significant increase in credit risk
           since initial recognition. Otherwise, the credit quality of the financial assets is considered to be “doubtful”.


   The credit risk of the Group’s other financial assets, which mainly comprise cash and restricted deposits,
   other receivables and amounts due from and to related parties, arises from default of the counterparty, with
   a maximum exposure equal to the carrying amounts of these instruments. In addition, trade and bills
   receivable balances are monitored on an ongoing basis and the Group’s exposure to bad debt is not
   significant.

   Further quantitative data in respect of the Group’s exposure to credit risk arising from trade receivables are
   disclosed in note 20 to the financial statements.

   At the end of the reporting period, the Group had certain concentrations of credit risk as 26.4% (2021: 63.5%)
   and 77.4% (2021: 86.7%) of the Group’s trade receivables were due from the Group’s largest customer and
   five largest customers, respectively.

   Liquidity risk
   The Group monitors its risk to a shortage of funds using a recurring liquidity planning tool. This tool considers
   the maturity of both its financial instruments and financial assets and projected cash flows from operations.




                                                                                     Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 139
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2022



      39. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)

           Liquidity risk (Continued)
           The maturity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities as at the end of the reporting period, based on the
           contractual undiscounted payments, is as follows:

           2022

                                                               On           Within            Over
                                                           demand           1 year           1 year            Total
                                                          HK$’000         HK$’000          HK$’000          HK$’000


             Trade payables                                      —         279,691                —          279,691
             Lease liabilities                                   —          12,672           10,148           22,820
             Convertible bonds                                   —           4,680          126,360          131,040
             Interest bearing borrowings                         —         961,944           63,835        1,025,779
             Financial liabilities included in other
               payables and accruals                       43,054                 —                —          43,054


                                                           43,054        1,258,987         200,343         1,502,384


           2021

                                                               On            Within            Over
                                                          demand             1 year           1 year           Total
                                                          HK$’000          HK$’000          HK$’000          HK$’000


             Trade payables                                      —          136,218               —           136,218
             Lease liabilities                                   —           10,362           15,180           25,542
             Financial liabilities included in other
               payables and accruals                         16,951               —                —           16,951


                                                             16,951         146,580           15,180          178,711




140      Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2022
             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                  31 December 2022



39. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)

   Capital management
   The primary objectives of the Group’s capital management are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as
   a going concern and to maintain healthy capital ratios in order to support its business and maximise
   shareholders’ value.

   The Group manages its capital structure and makes adjustments to it in light of changes in economic
   conditions and the risk characteristics of the underlying assets. To maintain or adjust the capital structure,
   the Group may adjust the dividend payment to shareholders, return capital to shareholders or issue new
   shares. The Group is not subject to any externally imposed capital requirements. No changes were made in
   the objectives, policies or processes for managing capital during the years ended 31 December 2022 and 31
   December 2021.

   The Group monitors capital using a gearing ratio, which is net debt divided by the total capital plus net debt.
   Net debt includes other borrowings and convertible bonds less cash and cash equivalents. Capital includes
   equity attributable to owners of the Company. The gearing ratios as at the end of the reporting periods were
   as follows:

                                                                                     As at              As at
                                                                              31 December,       31 December,
                                                                                     2022                2021
                                                                                  HK$’000             HK$’000


     Interest-bearing bank borrowing                                              1,003,886                 —
     Convertible bonds, the liability component                                      101,686                —
     Less: Cash and cash equivalents and pledged deposits                          (434,338)          (496,865)


     Net debt                                                                       671,234           (496,865)
     Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                 1,492,449          1,536,323


     Net debt and equity                                                          2,163,683          1,039,458


     Gearing ratio                                                                       31%                N/A


   As at 31 December 2021, the Group’s cash and cash equivalents exceeded the financial liabilities. As such, no
   gearing ratio as at 31 December 2021 was presented.




                                                                Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 141
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2022



      40. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

           Completion of placing of new shares
           On 7 February 2023, an aggregate of 114,127,000 new Shares have been allotted and issued to no less than
           six placees at the subscription price of HK$4.12 per Share. The placing shares represent approximately 5.11%
           of the issued share capital of the Company as enlarged by the placing. The net proceeds to the Group from
           the placing are approximately HK$463,653,000. The Group intends to use the net proceeds for repayment of
           interest-bearing borrowings in order to further position the balance sheet for strategic growth and financial
           flexibility. Please refer to the Company’s announcements dated 31 January 2023 and 8 February 2023 for
           further details.

           Silicon Valley Bank incident
           The Board noted that the Silicon Valley Bank (“SVB”) was closed on 10 March 2023 by the California
           Department of Financial Protection and Innovation, which appointed the Federal Deposit Insurance
           Corporation (“FDIC”) as receiver. The Group took necessary measures timely to minimise potential impact of
           the situation. As of the date of this annual report, the Group holds less than US$250,000 (equivalent to
           approximately HK$1,962,500) of total cash balances in aggregate across multiple accounts with SVB.
           Because SVB is an FDIC-insured bank, deposits are insured up to at least US$250,000 per depositor, per
           FDIC-insured bank, per ownership category. As a result, the Group has no risk of any potential loss of its cash
           deposits at SVB. Please refer to the Company’s announcement dated 13 March 2023 for additional
           information.

           Repayment of interest-bearing borrowings
           On 29 March 2023, the Group has drawn an interest-bearing borrowings of US$60,000,000 (equivalent to
           approximately HK$471,000,000) from a multi-national financial institution and the Group’s interest-bearing
           borrowing of HK$1,003,886,000 as at 31 December 2022 had been fully repaid, mainly by utilising the
           proceeds from the placing of new shares on 7 February 2023 and proceeds from the financing on 29 March
           2023.




142      Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2022
             NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                 31 December 2022



41. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY

   Information about the statement of financial position of the Company at the end of the reporting period is as
   follows:

                                                                                      2022              2021
                                                                                   HK$’000           HK$’000


     NON-CURRENT ASSETS
     Investments in subsidiaries                                                    131,962            101,181


     CURRENT ASSETS
     Prepayments                                                                      3,284             4,986
     Due from subsidiaries                                                        1,637,966         1,359,130
     Cash and cash equivalents                                                        14,117          167,099


     Total current assets                                                         1,655,367         1,531,215


     CURRENT LIABILITIES
     Due to subsidiaries                                                            189,846           127,283
     Other payables and accruals                                                       8,717              468
     Convertible bonds                                                                4,680                —


     Total current liabilities                                                      203,243           127,751


     NET CURRENT ASSETS                                                           1,452,124         1,403,464


     TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                        1,584,086         1,504,645


     NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
     Convertible bonds                                                               97,006                 —


     Total non-current liabilities                                                   97,006                 —


     Net assets                                                                   1,487,080         1,504,645


     EQUITY
     Share capital                                                                      417               417
     Treasury shares                                                                (79,893)          (62,437)
     Reserves (note)                                                              1,566,556         1,566,665


     Total equity                                                                 1,487,080         1,504,645




                                                               Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 143
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      31 December 2022



      41. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY (Continued)

           Note:


           A summary of the Company’s reserves is as follows:


                                                                                      Attributable to owners of the Company

                                                                                                  Equity
                                                                                            component of       Share
                                                                       Share       Other      convertible     Option Accumulated
                                                                    premium      reserve          bonds      reserve          losses       Total
                                                                     HK$’000     HK$’000         HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000        HK$’000


             At 1 January 2021                                       610,933      199,151          11,590     28,793      (22,164)      828,303


             Loss for the year                                             —          —                —          —       (59,461)       (59,461)
             Issue of shares                                         629,685          —                —          —               —     629,685
             Issue of shares upon conversion of convertible bonds    108,582          —           (11,590)        —               —      96,992
             Equity-settled share compensation arrangement            65,221          —                —       5,925              —       71,146


             At 31 December 2021 and 1 January 2022                 1,414,421     199,151              —      34,718      (81,625)     1,566,665
             Loss for the year                                             —          —                —          —       (34,271)       (34,271)
             Issue of convertible bonds                                    —          —            8,614          —               —       8,614
             Equity-settled share compensation arrangement             (8,823)        —                —      34,371              —      25,548


             At 31 December 2022                                    1,405,598     199,151          8,614      69,089      (115,896)    1,566,556




      42. APPROVAL OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

           The financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 31 March
           2023.




144      Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                   FIVE YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY

A summary of the results and of the assets, liabilities and non-controlling interests of the Group for the last five
financial years, as extracted from the published audited financial statements and restated/reclassified as
appropriate, is set out below.

                                                                Year ended 31 December
                                               2022            2021          2020            2019           2018
                                            HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000


  Results

  Revenue                                  1,442,670        686,528        340,294         147,137        119,327

  Profit/(loss) before tax                    92,542         (14,876)        67,138        (63,310)       (19,782)

  Income tax (expense)/credit                (34,439)         (7,801)        14,049         14,658            172


  Profit/(loss) for the year                  58,103         (22,677)        81,187       (48,652)        (19,610)



CONSOLIDATED ASSETS AND LIABILITIES

                                                                   As at 31 December
                                               2022            2021          2020            2019           2018
                                            HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000


  Total assets                            3,260,325        1,770,150      1,153,538       903,009        398,194

  Total liabilities                       1,586,690         233,827        364,672        629,679         54,854


  Total equity                             1,673,635      1,536,323        788,866        273,330        343,340




                                                                                   Five Year Financial Summary 145
      DEFINITIONS

      In this report, unless the context otherwise requires, the following expressions shall have the following meanings:

      “2020 Convertible Bonds”               the convertible bonds in the principal amount of HK$80,000,000 and
                                             HK$20,000,000, respectively issued by the Company to Poly Platinum
                                             Enterprises Limited on 14 July 2021

      “Adviser”                              internal control review adviser

      “AGM”                                  annual general meeting

      “Articles”                             the Company’s articles of association

      “Audit Committee”                      the audit committee of the Company

      “Board”                                the board of Directors

      “Bondholder”                           Lucion International Investment Limited, a company incorporated under the
                                             laws of Hong Kong with limited liability

      “CG Code”                              the corporate governance code as set out in Appendix 14 to the Listing
                                             Rules

      “Company”                              Vobile Group Limited, an exempted company incorporated with limited
                                             liability under the laws of the Cayman Islands and the shares of which are
                                             listed on the Stock Exchange

      “CPD”                                  continuous professional development

      “Determination Date”                   a date on which the exercisability of the Share Options is determined,
                                             which shall be a day on which the Stock Exchange is open for trading

      “Directors”                            the directors of the Company

      “DTC”                                  direct-to-consumer

      “EBITDA”                               earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortisation

      “FVTPL”                                fair value through profit or loss

      “Group”                                the Company and its subsidiaries

      “HK$” or “HKD”                         Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong

      “Hong Kong”                            the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People’s Republic of
                                             China

      “IAS”                                  International Accounting Standards




146      Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2022
                                                                                      DEFINITIONS

“IFRS”                              International Financial Reporting Standards

“IP”                                Intellectual property

“Listing Rules”                     the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange

“Market Capitalisation of the       the lower of the six-month market capitalisation of the Company on the
  Company on a Determination        Determination Date or the thirty-day market capitalisation on the
  Date”                             Determination Date

“Market Capitalisation Milestone”   the milestones for exercisability of the tranches of the share options
                                    comprising the achievement of increases in Market Capitalisation of the
                                    Company on a Determination Date in nine US$1 billion increments

“Model Code”                        the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers
                                    as set out in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules

“Mr. Chan”                          Mr. CHAN Ching Yan Daniel

“Mr. Chu”                           Mr. Alfred Tsai CHU

“Mr. Eesley”                        Mr. Charles Eric EESLEY

“Mr. Ho”                            Mr. HO Sai Hong Vincent

“Mr. Kwan”                          Mr. KWAN Ngai Kit

“Mr. Matsuzawa”                     Mr. MATSUZAWA Masaaki

“Mr. Wargo”                         Mr. J David WARGO

“Mr. Wong”                          Mr. WONG Wai Kwan

“Operational Milestones”            the vesting criteria for a tranche of the share option relating to annual
                                    revenue of the Company on a Determination Date or annual adjusted
                                    EBITDA of the Company on a Determination Date

“Particle Technology”               Hangzhou Particle Culture Technology Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries and
                                    Hangzhou New Particle Culture Technology Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries

“PRC” or “China”                    the People’s Republic of China. For the purposes of this annual report only
                                    and except where the context requires otherwise, excludes Hong Kong,
                                    Macau and Taiwan

“Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme”       the share option scheme of the Company adopted on 30 December 2016

“Post-IPO Share Option Scheme”      the share option scheme of the Company adopted on 8 December 2017




                                                                                                   Definitions 147
      DEFINITIONS

      “RMB” or “Renminbi”              the lawful currency of the PRC

      “SaaS”                           Software as a Service

      “SFO”                            the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong
                                       Kong)

      “Share(s)”                       ordinary share(s) of US$0.000025 each (before the Share Subdivision:
                                       US$0.0001 each) in the share capital of the Company

      “Share Award Plan”               the share award plan adopted by the Company on 6 May 2019, as amended
                                       from time to time

      “Share Subdivision”              the authorised and issued shares of the Company were subdivided on the
                                       basis that every one issued share is subdivided into four subdivided shares
                                       pursuant to a shareholders’ resolution passed at an extraordinary general
                                       meeting on 13 July 2021

      “Stock Exchange”                 The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

      “US$” or “USD”                   the lawful currency of the United States

      “Vobile HK”                      Vobile Group (HK) Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company




148      Vobile Group Limited Annual Report 2022
