(A company controlled through weighted voting rights and
incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


STOCK CODE : 9866




                                                             2024
                                                             ANNUAL REPORT
TABLE OF CONTENTS
INTRODUCTION                                                                        5

FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION                                                         7

Part I.                                                                             9
Item 1.     Identity of Directors, Senior Management and Advisers                  10
Item 2.     Offer Statistics and Expected Timetable                                10
Item 3.     Key Information                                                        10
Item 4.     Information on the Company                                            122
Item 4A.    Unresolved Staff Comments                                             191
Item 5.     Operating and Financial Review and Prospects                          192
Item 6.     Directors, Senior Management and Employees                            216
Item 7.     Major Shareholders and Related Party Transactions                     234
Item 8.     Financial Information                                                 238
Item 9.     The Offer and Listing                                                 240
Item 10.    Additional Information                                                241
Item 11.    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk            268
Item 12.    Description of Securities Other Than Equity Securities                270

Part II.                                                                          285
Item 13.    Defaults, Dividend Arrearages and Delinquencies                       286
Item 14.    Material Modifications to the Rights of Security                      286
            Holders and Use Of Proceeds
Item 15.    Controls and Procedures                                               286
Item 16A.   Audit Committee Financial Expert                                      287
Item 16B.   Code of Ethics                                                        287
Item 16C.   Principal Accountant Fees and Services                                288
Item 16D.   Exemptions from the Listing Standards for Audit Committees            288
Item 16E.   Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated           288
            Purchasers
Item 16F.   Change in Registrant’s Certifying Accountant                          289
Item 16G.   Corporate Governance                                                  289
Item 16H.   Mine Safety Disclosure                                                289
Item 16I.   Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions That Prevent Inspections   289
Item 16J.   Insider Trading Policies                                              289
Item 16K.   Cybersecurity                                                         290

Part III.                                                                         292
Item 17.    Financial Statements                                                  293
Item 18.    Financial Statements                                                  293
Item 19.    Exhibits                                                              293

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION                                                            304

INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT                                                      311

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                        328
                                                      UNITED STATES
                                          SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                                                 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549
                                                        FORM 20-F


    (Mark One)
    □ REGISTRATION STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OR (g) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
       1934


                                                                 OR


       ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
       For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2024.


                                                                 OR


    □ TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934


                                                                 OR


    □ SHELL COMPANY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF
      1934


    Date of event requiring this shell company report....................


       For the transition period from            to        .


    Commission file number: 001-38638

                                                           NIO Inc.
                                     (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)


                                                               N/A
                                         (Translation of Registrant’s Name into English)


                                                         Cayman Islands
                                         (Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization)


                                    Building 19, No. 1355, Caobao Road, Minhang District
                                            Shanghai, People’s Republic of China
                                           (Address of Principal Executive Offices)


                                             Yu Qu, Chief Financial Officer
                                 Building 19, No. 1355, Caobao Road, Minhang District
                                         Shanghai, People’s Republic of China
                                             Telephone: +8621-6908 2018
                                                   Email: ir@nio.com
               (Name, Telephone, Email and/or Facsimile number and Address of Company Contact Person)

2   NIO Inc.
Securities registered or to be registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:


                      Title of Each Class                          Trading Symbol   Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered

  American depositary shares (each representing one Class                NIO                 New York Stock Exchange
         A ordinary share), par value US$0.00025 per share
  Class A ordinary shares, par value US$0.00025 per share               9866         The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
  Class A ordinary shares, par value US$0.00025 per share                NIO            The Singapore Exchange Securities
                                                                                                 Trading Limited

Securities registered or to be registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:


                                                                 None
                                                             (Title of Class)


Securities for which there is a reporting obligation pursuant to Section 15(d) of the Act:


                                                                 None
                                                             (Title of Class)


Indicate the number of outstanding shares of each of the issuer’s classes of capital or common stock as of the
close of the period covered by the annual report:


As of December 31, 2024, there were (i) 1,953,174,559 Class A ordinary shares outstanding, par value
US$0.00025 per share, and (ii) 148,500,000 Class C ordinary shares outstanding, par value US$0.00025 per
share.


Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the
Securities Act.
                                                                                                                    Yes     □ No


If this report is an annual or transition report, indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file
reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.
                                                                                                                   □ Yes       No


Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the
registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90
days.
                                                                                                                    Yes     □ No


Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required
to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12
months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).
                                                                                                                    Yes     □ No




                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2024         3
    Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-
    accelerated filer, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated
    filer,” and “emerging growth company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.


     Large accelerated filer          Accelerated filer □     Non-accelerated filer □ Emerging growth company □

    If an emerging growth company that prepares its financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, indicate
    by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new
    or revised financial accounting standards † provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. □


    † The term “new or revised financial accounting standard” refers to any update issued by the Financial
    Accounting Standards Board to its Accounting Standards Codification after April 5, 2012.


    Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s
    assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the
    Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit
    report.


    If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial
    statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial
    statements. □


    Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery
    analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant’s executive officers during the
    relevant recovery period pursuant to §240.10D-1(b). □


    Indicate by check mark which basis of accounting the registrant has used to prepare the financial statements
    included in this filing:


           U.S. GAAP           □ International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the             □ Other
                                         International Accounting Standards Board

    If “Other” has been checked in response to the previous question, indicate by check mark which financial
    statement item the registrant has elected to follow.
                                                                                                   □ Item 17 □ Item 18


    If this is an annual report, indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule
    12b-2 of the Exchange Act).
                                                                                                            □ Yes     No


    (APPLICABLE ONLY TO ISSUERS INVOLVED IN BANKRUPTCY PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PAST FIVE YEARS)
    Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed all documents and reports required to be filed by
    Sections 12, 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent to the distribution of securities
    under a plan confirmed by a court.
                                                                                                            □ Yes □ No



4   NIO Inc.
                                                                                   INTRODUCTION

In this annual report on Form 20-F, except where the context otherwise requires and for purposes of this annual
report only:


•   “ADAS” refers to advanced driver assistance system;


•   “ADR” refers to the American depositary receipt that evidences the ADS;


•   “ADSs” refer to our American depositary shares, each of which represents one Class A ordinary share;


•   “AI” refers to artificial intelligence;


•   “Anhui NIO AT” refers to Anhui NIO AI Technology Co., Ltd., one of the VIEs;


•   “Anhui NIO DT” refers to Anhui NIO Data Technology Co., Ltd., one of the VIEs;


•   “Beijing NIO” refers to Beijing NIO Network Technology Co., Ltd., one of the VIEs;


•   “China” or the “PRC” refers to the People’s Republic of China, excluding, for the purpose of this annual report
    only, Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan;


•   “Class A ordinary shares” refer to our Class A ordinary shares, par value US$0.00025 per share;


•   “Class B ordinary shares” refer to the Class B ordinary shares that we historically authorized and issued,
    par value US$0.00025 per share. All the authorized Class B ordinary shares were redesignated as Class A
    ordinary shares at the annual general meeting held on August 25, 2022;


•   “Class C ordinary shares” refer to our Class C ordinary shares, par value US$0.00025 per share;


•   “EV” refers to electric passenger vehicle;


•   “Hong Kong” or “HK” refers to the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People’s Republic of
    China;


•   “Hong Kong Listing Rules” refer to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of
    Hong Kong Limited, as amended or supplemented from time to time;


•   “Hong Kong Stock Exchange” refers to The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited;


•   “ICE” refers to internal combustion engine;


•   “Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange” refers to the stock market (excluding the option market)
    operated by the Hong Kong Stock Exchange which is independent from and operated in parallel with the
    Growth Enterprise Market of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange;




                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2024      5
    INTRODUCTION


    •   “Main Board of the Singapore Exchange” refers to the stock market operated by The Singapore Exchange
        Securities Trading Limited;


    •   “NEVs” refer to new energy passenger vehicles;


    •   “NIO,” “we,” “us,” “our company,” and “our” refer to NIO Inc., our Cayman Islands holding company and its
        subsidiaries, and, in the context of describing our operations and consolidated financial information, include
        the VIEs, namely Beijing NIO, Anhui NIO AT, Anhui NIO DT, and their subsidiary;


    •   “Ordinary shares” refer to our Class A ordinary shares and Class C ordinary shares, each of par value
        US$0.00025 per share;


    •   “Relevant Period” refers to the period commencing from the date on which any of our shares first become
        secondary listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange to and including the date immediately before the day on
        which the secondary listing is withdrawn from the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. As of the date of this annual
        report, we are in the Relevant Period;


    •   “RMB” or “Renminbi” refers to the legal currency of China;


    •   “Singapore Exchange” refers to The Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited; and


    •   “US$,” “dollars” or “U.S. dollars” refer to the legal currency of the United States.


    Unless otherwise noted, all translations from Renminbi to U.S. dollars and from U.S. dollars to Renminbi in
    this annual report are made at a rate of RMB7.2993 to US$1.00, the exchange rate in effect as of December 31,
    2024 as set forth in the H.10 statistical release of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. We
    make no representation that any Renminbi or U.S. dollar amounts could have been, or could be, converted into
    U.S. dollars or Renminbi, as the case may be, at any particular rate, or at all. Unless otherwise specified, the
    description of our vehicles, services and business models in this report refers to our business in China.




6   NIO Inc.
                                  FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION

This annual report contains forward-looking statements that reflect our current expectations and views of
future events. These forward-looking statements are made under the “safe-harbor” provisions of the U.S.
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors,
may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from those expressed or
implied by the forward-looking statements. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties
and other factors, including those listed under “Item 3. Key Information – D. Risk Factors,” that may cause our
actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from those expressed or implied by the
forward-looking statements.


You can identify these forward-looking statements by words or phrases such as “may,” “will,” “expect,”
“anticipate,” “aim,” “estimate,” “intend,” “plan,” “believe,” “likely to,” “potential,” “continue” or other similar
expressions. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and
projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our financial condition, results
of operations, business strategy and financial needs. These forward-looking statements include, but are not
limited to, statements about our goals and growth strategies, our future business development, financial
condition and results of operations, our expectations regarding demand for and market acceptance of our
products and services, and assumptions underlying or related to any of the foregoing.


Although we believe that our expectations expressed in these forward-looking statements are reasonable,
our expectations may later be found to be incorrect. Our actual results could be materially different from our
expectations. Moreover, we operate in an evolving environment. New risk factors and uncertainties emerge from
time to time, and it is not possible for our management to predict all risk factors and uncertainties, nor can we
assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors,
may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements.




                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2024      7
    FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION


    This annual report contains certain data and information that we obtained from various government and private
    publications. Statistical data in these publications also include projections based on a number of assumptions.
    The electric vehicles industry may not grow at the rate projected by market data, or at all. Failure of this market
    to grow at the projected rate may have a material adverse effect on our business and the market price of our
    ADSs or Class A ordinary shares. In addition, the rapidly evolving nature of the electric vehicles industry results
    in significant uncertainties for any projections or estimates relating to the growth prospects or future condition
    of our market. Furthermore, if any one or more of the assumptions underlying the market data are later found to
    be incorrect, actual results may differ from the projections based on these assumptions. You should not place
    undue reliance on these forward-looking statements.


    The forward-looking statements made in this annual report relate only to events or information as of the date on
    which the statements are made in this annual report. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to
    update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events
    or otherwise, after the date on which the statements are made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated
    events. You should read this annual report and the documents that we refer to in this annual report and
    exhibits to this annual report completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be
    materially different from what we expect. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary
    statements.




8   NIO Inc.
         PART I




Part I
     PART I

     ITEM 1. IDENTITY OF DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND ADVISERS
                Not applicable.


     ITEM 2. OFFER STATISTICS AND EXPECTED TIMETABLE
                Not applicable.


     ITEM 3. KEY INFORMATION
                Our Holding Company Structure and Contractual Arrangements with the VIEs

                NIO Inc. is not an operating company in China but a Cayman Islands holding company with no
                equity ownership in its consolidated variable interest entities, or VIEs. We conduct our operations in
                China (i) primarily through our PRC subsidiaries, and (ii) to a much lesser extent, through the VIEs,
                namely Beijing NIO, Anhui NIO AT, and Anhui NIO DT, with each of which we maintain contractual
                arrangements, and their subsidiary. We have also established subsidiaries in the United States,
                Germany, the United Kingdom, Norway and other overseas jurisdictions to promote our services and
                businesses, enter into business contracts with offshore counterparties and hold overseas intellectual
                properties.


                PRC laws and regulations (i) restrict and impose conditions on foreign investment in value-added
                telecommunication services, including without limitation, performing internet information services
                and holding certain related licenses; and (ii) prohibit foreign investment in certain services related
                to autonomous driving as well as the holding of related licenses by foreign entities. Additionally, in
                practice, subject to the qualifications set by China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission
                (currently known as the National Administration of Financial Regulation) for foreign shareholders
                of the insurance brokerage companies, the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission
                typically would not approve the establishment of a foreign-invested insurance brokerage company
                to perform insurance brokerage services and hold certain related licenses. We operate these
                businesses in China through Beijing NIO, Anhui NIO AT, and Anhui NIO DT, or as referred to as the
                VIEs, and NIO Insurance Broker Co., Ltd., the subsidiary of Anhui NIO DT. We rely on contractual
                arrangements among our PRC subsidiaries, the VIEs and their nominee shareholders to maintain
                a controlling financial interest as the primary beneficiary of each VIE (as defined in U.S. GAAP,
                ASC 810). Under U.S. GAAP, we consolidate each VIE within our consolidated financial statements.
                Specifically, we operate value-added telecommunication services, including without limitation,
                performing internet information services, and hold certain related licenses, through Beijing NIO. We
                rely on the contractual arrangements with Anhui NIO DT and its shareholders to operate insurance
                brokerage services. NIO Insurance Broker Co., Ltd. currently holds an insurance brokerage license
                and provides insurance brokerage services primarily related to vehicles and properties. We intend to
                obtain requisite licenses for certain supporting functions during the development of our assisted and
                intelligent driving technology through Anhui NIO AT. As of the date of this annual report, the business
                operations of the VIEs are insignificant in relation to our total revenues and net loss. As used in this
                annual report, “NIO,” “we,” “us,” “our company,” and “our” refer to NIO Inc., our Cayman Islands holding
                company and its subsidiaries, and in the context of describing our operations and consolidated
                financial information, include the VIEs and NIO Insurance Broker Co., Ltd., the subsidiary of Anhui NIO
                DT.



10   NIO Inc.
                                                                                                                                                                                                  PART I


The following diagram illustrates our corporate structure, including our principal subsidiaries and the
VIEs, as of the date of this annual report:

                                                                                                       NIO Inc.
                                                                                                      (Cayman)




                       96.970%                                          100%                                                     100%                      100%                100%                    100%


             NIO AI Technology                                                                                           NIO User                NIO Power                                     NEU Battery
                                                             Nio Nextev Limited                                                                                          XPT Limited
                  Limited                                       (Hong Kong)                                         Enterprise Limited         Express Limited                                Asset Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                                         (Hong Kong)
                 (Cayman)                                                                                              (Hong Kong)               (Hong Kong)                                    (Cayman)


                      100%                                   100%                    100%                        100%                                                                                  100%


                                                                                                       New Horizon                                                                           NEU Battery Asset
                                                       NIO GmbH              NIO USA, Inc.
            NIO AI Technology                                                                               B.V.                                                                          (Hong Kong) Co., Limited
                                                       (Germany)            (United States)
                 Limited                                                                               (Netherlands)                                                                           (Hong Kong)
              (Hong Kong)
                                                                                                                 100%
                                                                                                                                                                                                       100%
                                                                                                        NIO Nextev
                                                                                                                                                                                            NIO Battery Assets
                      100%                                                                            Europe Holding
                                                                                                                                                                                               Europe B.V.
                                                                                                            B.V.
                                                                                                                                                                                              (Netherlands)
Offshore                                                                                               (Netherlands)


Onshore                                                                 69.2946%                                   18.8219%                    0.8994%




                                                                                                     NIO Holding Co., Ltd.




                                             25%               100%               100%                    100%                    100%                   90.9073%              100%


               Anhui NIO                                                                              NIO
           Autonomous Driving                  75%                                                Technology             NIO Sales and            NIO Energy             XPT (Jiangsu)
                                                        NIO Co., Ltd.       NIO (Anhui)
               Technology                                                                           (Anhui)             Services Co., Ltd.        Investment            Investment Co.,
                                                                             Co., Ltd.
                CO., Ltd.                                                                          Co., Ltd.                                    (Hubei) Co., Ltd.             Ltd.




                                                                                     Anhui NIO                                                           100%                  100%
                                                                                       Data
                                                                                   Technology Co.,
                                                                                        Ltd.
                                                            Beijing NIO                                                                                                 XPT (Jiangsu)
           Anhui NIO AI                                                                                                                           Wuhan NIO
                                    NIO Financial            Network                          100%                                                                       Automotive
           Technology                                                                                                                           Energy Co., Ltd.
                                   Leasing Co., Ltd.      Technology Co.,                                                                                                Technology
             Co., Ltd.
                                                                Ltd.                                                                                                      Co., Ltd.
                                                                                   NIO Insurance
                                                                                   Broker Co., Ltd.


                                                                                                            100%                             100%                       100%



                                                                                                XPT (Nanjing) E-                   XPT (Nanjing)
                 Equity interest                                                                                                                                Shanghai XPT
                                                                                              Powertrain Technology               Energy Storage
                                                                                                                                                              Technology Limited
                                                                                                    Co., Ltd.                     System Co., Ltd.
                 Contractual arrangements




In April 2018, we entered into a series of contractual arrangements through one of our PRC
subsidiaries with Beijing NIO and its shareholders, which were replaced by a new set of contractual
arrangements we entered into with the same parties in April 2021. Further, in November 2022
and December 2022, we entered into a series of contractual arrangements through our respective
PRC subsidiaries with each of Anhui NIO AT and Anhui NIO DT, respectively, and their respective
shareholders, to conduct certain future operations in China. These contractual arrangements enable
us to:


•     receive the economic benefits that could potentially be significant to the VIEs in consideration for
      the services provided by our subsidiaries;


•     exercise effective control over the VIEs; and


•     hold an exclusive option to purchase all or part of the equity interests in the VIEs when and to the
      extent permitted by PRC law.


                                                                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2024                       11
     PART I


                These contractual agreements include an exclusive business cooperation agreement, exclusive
                option agreement, equity pledge agreement, loan agreement and power of attorney. For more details
                of these contractual arrangements, see “Item 4. Information on the Company – C. Organizational
                Structure – Contractual Agreements with the VIEs and Their Shareholders.”


                Beijing NIO, Anhui NIO AT, and Anhui NIO DT and its subsidiary, taking into account all of their
                respective business with or without foreign investment restrictions and prohibitions under PRC laws,
                contributed insignificantly to our total revenues, accounting for nil, RMB13.8 million and RMB31.3
                million (US$4.3 million) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2023 and 2024, respectively. The
                VIEs provided services internally to our subsidiaries, and such services amounted to RMB89.2 million,
                RMB110.5 million and RMB126.3 million (US$17.3 million) for the years ended December 31, 2022,
                2023 and 2024, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, 2023 and 2024, none of Beijing NIO, Anhui NIO
                AT and Anhui NIO DT had significant operations or any material assets or liabilities.


                Holdings of our ADSs and Class A ordinary shares are not holding equity interests in the VIEs in China
                but instead are holding equity interests in a holding company incorporated in the Cayman Islands.
                We do not have any equity interests in the VIEs. However, as a result of contractual arrangements,
                we have a controlling financial interest over and are considered the primary beneficiary of each
                of the VIEs, and we have consolidated the financial results, pursuant to U.S. GAAP, each of these
                entities in our consolidated financial statements. However, the contractual arrangements may
                not be as effective as direct ownership in providing us with control over the VIEs and we may incur
                substantial costs to enforce the terms of the arrangements. If the VIEs or the nominee shareholders
                fail to perform their respective obligations under the contractual arrangements, we could be limited
                in our ability to enforce the contractual arrangements that give us effective control over the VIEs.
                Furthermore, if we are unable to maintain effective control, we would not be able to continue to
                consolidate the financial results of the VIEs in our financial statements. See “Item 3. Key Information
                – D. Risk Factors – Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure – We rely on contractual arrangements
                with the VIEs and their shareholders to hold a controlling financial interest over each VIE, which may
                not be as effective as direct ownership in providing operational control” and “Item 3. Key Information
                – D. Risk Factors – Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure – The shareholders of the VIEs have
                conflicts of interest with us, which may materially and adversely affect our business and financial
                condition.”




12   NIO Inc.
                                                                                                PART I


There are also substantial uncertainties regarding the interpretation and application of current
and future PRC laws, regulations and rules regarding the status of the rights of our Cayman Islands
holding company with respect to its contractual arrangements with the VIEs and their nominee
shareholders. It is uncertain whether any new PRC laws or regulations relating to contractual
arrangements will be adopted or if adopted, what they would provide. If we or any of the VIEs is found
to be in violation of any existing or future PRC laws or regulations, or fail to obtain or maintain any
of the required permits or approvals, the PRC regulatory authorities would have broad discretion
to take action in dealing with such violations or failures. Our Cayman Islands holding company, our
PRC subsidiaries and the VIEs, and investors of our company face uncertainty about potential future
actions by the PRC government that could affect the enforceability of the contractual arrangements
with the VIEs and, consequently, significantly affect the financial performance of the VIEs and our
company as a whole. See “Item 3. Key Information – D. Risk Factors – Risks Related to Our Corporate
Structure – If the PRC government deems that our VIE arrangements do not comply with PRC laws,
or if these PRC laws change, we could be subject to severe penalties or be forced to relinquish our
interests in those operations.”


PRC government’s significant authority in regulating our operations and its oversight and control
over offerings conducted overseas by, and foreign investment in, China-based issuers could
significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to offer or continue to offer securities to investors.
Implementation of industry-wide regulations in this nature may cause the value of such securities
to significantly decline or become worthless. For more details, see “Item 3. Key Information – D. Risk
Factors – Risks Related to Doing Business in China – The PRC government’s significant oversight over
our business operation could result in a material adverse change in our operations and the value of
our ADSs.”


Risks and uncertainties regarding the interpretation and enforcement of laws and quickly evolving
rules and regulations in China, could result in a material adverse change in our operations and the
value of our ADSs. For more details, see “Item 3. Key Information – D. Risk Factors – Risks Related
to Doing Business in China – Uncertainties in the interpretation and enforcement of PRC laws and
regulations could limit the legal protections available to you and us.”




                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2024      13
     PART I


                Permissions Required from the PRC Authorities for Our Operations

                Our operations in China are governed by PRC laws and regulations. As of the date of this annual
                report, our PRC subsidiaries and the VIEs have obtained the requisite licenses and permits from
                the PRC government authorities that are material for the main business operations of our holding
                company, our PRC subsidiaries and the VIEs in China, including, among others, a license for
                conducting internet content provision services, or the ICP license, and the insurance brokerage
                license. In addition, we have completed the filing process for our electric passenger vehicle
                investment project with the authorities in Anhui province and have been included in the Ministry of
                Industry and Information Technology’s catalogue of approved manufacturers. Given the uncertainties
                of interpretation and implementation of laws and regulations and the enforcement practice by
                government authorities, we may be required to obtain additional licenses, permits, filings or approvals
                for our business operations in the future. For more detailed information, see “Item 3. Key Information
                – D. Risk Factors – Risks Related to Doing Business in China – We may be adversely affected by the
                complexity, uncertainties and changes in PRC regulations on internet-related business, automotive
                businesses and other business carried out by our PRC subsidiaries and the VIEs.”


                Meanwhile, the PRC government has sought to exert more oversight and control over capital raising
                activities of listed companies that are conducted overseas and/or foreign investment in China-
                based issuers. In December 2021, the Cyberspace Administration of China, or the CAC, together
                with other authorities, jointly promulgated the Cybersecurity Review Measures, which took effect
                on February 15, 2022 and replaces its predecessor regulation. Pursuant to the Cybersecurity
                Review Measures, critical information infrastructure operators that procure internet products and
                services and network platform operators that conduct data process activities must be subject to the
                cybersecurity review if their activities affect or may affect national security. On February 17, 2023,
                China Securities Regulatory Commission, or the CSRC, released several regulations regarding the
                filing requirements for overseas offerings and listings by domestic companies, including the Trial
                Administrative Measures of Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies and five
                supporting guidelines, which were formally implemented on March 31, 2023. According to these rules,
                domestic enterprises like us that have completed overseas listings are not required to file with CSRC
                immediately, but shall carry out filing procedures as required if we conduct refinancing or fall within
                other circumstances that require filing with the CSRC. Any failure to obtain or delay in obtaining
                such approval or completing such procedures could subject us to restrictions and penalties imposed
                by the CSRC, the CAC or other PRC regulatory authorities, which could include fines and penalties
                on our operations in China, delays of or restrictions on the repatriation of the proceeds from our
                offshore offerings into China, or other actions that could materially and adversely affect our business,
                financial condition, results of operations, and prospects, as well as the trading price of our ADSs. For
                more detailed information, see “Item 3. Key Information – D. Risk Factors – Risks Related to Doing
                Business in China – The approval of or the filing with the CSRC or other PRC government authorities
                may be required in connection with our future offshore listings and capital raising activities. We
                cannot predict whether or for how long we will be able to obtain such approval or filing.”




14   NIO Inc.
                                                                                              PART I


The Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act

Pursuant to the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act, which was enacted on December
18, 2020 and further amended by the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2023, signed into law on
December 29, 2022, or the HFCAA, if the SEC determines that we have filed audit reports issued by
a registered public accounting firm that has not been subject to inspections by the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or the PCAOB, for two consecutive years, the SEC will
prohibit our shares or ADSs from being traded on a national securities exchange or in the over-the-
counter trading market in the United States. On December 16, 2021, the PCAOB issued a report to
notify the SEC of its determination that the PCAOB was unable to inspect or investigate completely
registered public accounting firms headquartered in mainland China and Hong Kong, including our
auditor. In May 2022, the SEC conclusively listed NIO Inc. as a Commission-Identified Issuer under
the HFCAA following the filing of our annual report on Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended December
31, 2021. On December 15, 2022, the PCAOB issued a report that vacated its December 16, 2021
determination and removed mainland China and Hong Kong from the list of jurisdictions where it
is unable to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms. As of the date of
this annual report, the PCAOB has not issued any new determination that it is unable to inspect or
investigate completely registered public accounting firms headquartered in any jurisdiction. For this
reason, we do not expect to be identified as a Commission-Identified Issuer under the HFCAA after
we file this annual report on Form 20-F. Each year, the PCAOB will determine whether it can inspect
and investigate completely audit firms in mainland China and Hong Kong, among other jurisdictions.
If the PCAOB determines in the future that it no longer has full access to inspect and investigate
completely accounting firms in mainland China and Hong Kong and we use an accounting firm
headquartered in one of these jurisdictions to issue an audit report on our financial statements filed
with the SEC, we would be identified as a Commission-Identified Issuer following the filing of the
annual report on Form 20-F for the relevant fiscal year. There can be no assurance that we would not
be identified as a Commission-Identified Issuer for any future fiscal year, and if we were so identified
for two consecutive years, we would become subject to the prohibition on trading under the HFCAA.
For more details, see “Item 3. Key Information – D. Risk Factors – Risks Related to Doing Business
in China – The PCAOB had historically been unable to inspect our auditor in relation to their audit
work performed for our financial statements and the inability of the PCAOB to conduct inspections
of our auditor in the past has deprived our investors with the benefits of such inspections” and “Item
3. Key Information – D. Risk Factors – Risks Related to Doing Business in China – Our ADSs may be
prohibited from trading in the United States under the HFCAA in the future if the PCAOB is unable
to inspect or investigate completely auditors located in China. The delisting or prohibition of trading
of the ADSs, or the threat of their being delisted or prohibited from trading, may materially and
adversely affect the value of your investment.”




                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024      15
     PART I


                Cash Flows through Our Organization

                NIO Inc. is a holding company with no material operations of its own. We conduct our operations in
                China (i) primarily through our PRC subsidiaries, and (ii) to a much lesser extent, the VIEs and their
                subsidiary. As a result, although other means are available for us to obtain financing at the holding
                company level, NIO Inc.’s ability to pay dividends to the shareholders and to service any debt it may
                incur may depend upon dividends paid by our PRC subsidiaries and service fees paid by the VIEs in
                China. If any of our subsidiaries incurs debt on its own behalf in the future, the instruments governing
                such debt may restrict its ability to pay dividends to NIO Inc. In addition, our PRC subsidiaries are
                permitted to pay dividends to NIO Inc. only out of their retained earnings, if any, as determined
                in accordance with PRC accounting standards and regulations. Further, our PRC subsidiaries
                and the VIEs are required to make appropriations to certain statutory reserve funds or may make
                appropriations to certain discretionary funds, which are not distributable as cash dividends except
                in the event of a solvent liquidation of the companies. For more details, see “Item 5. Operating and
                Financial Review and Prospects – B. Liquidity and Capital Resources – Holding Company Structure.”


                Under PRC laws and regulations, our PRC subsidiaries and the VIEs are subject to certain restrictions
                with respect to paying dividends or otherwise transferring any of their net assets to us. Remittance
                of dividends by a wholly foreign-owned enterprise out of China is also subject to examination by the
                banks designated by the State Administration of Foreign Exchange of the PRC, or SAFE. The amounts
                restricted include the paid-up capital and the statutory reserve funds of our PRC subsidiaries and the
                net assets of the VIEs and their subsidiary in which we have no legal ownership, totaling RMB40,720.9
                million, RMB42,256.2 million and RMB55,128.3 million (US$7,564.9 million) as of December 31, 2022,
                2023 and 2024, respectively, and the net assets of the VIEs and their subsidiary that are restricted
                was RMB50.0 million, RMB54.7 million and RMB74.4 million (US$10.2 million) as of December 31,
                2022, 2023 and 2024, respectively. For risks relating to the fund flows of our operations in China, see
                “Item 3. Key Information – D. Risk Factors – Risks Related to Doing Business in China – We may rely
                on distributions by our PRC subsidiaries for our financing requirements, and any limitation on our PRC
                subsidiaries to make payments to us could have a material and adverse effect on our business.”


                For purposes of illustration, the following discussion reflects the hypothetical taxes that might be
                required to be paid within China, assuming that: (i) we have taxable earnings, and (ii) we determine to
                pay dividends in the future.


                                                                                                     Tax calculation(1)

                Hypothetical pre-tax earnings                                                                   100%
                Tax on earnings at statutory rate of 25%   (2)
                                                                                                                (25)%
                Net earnings available for distribution                                                           75%
                Withholding tax at standard rate of 10%    (3)
                                                                                                                (7.5)%
                Net distribution to Parent/Shareholders                                                         67.5%




16   NIO Inc.
                                                                                                                        PART I


Notes:

(1) For purposes of this example, the tax calculation has been simplified. The hypothetical book pre-tax earnings amount, not
    considering timing differences, is assumed to equal taxable income in China.

(2) Certain of our subsidiaries qualifies for a 15% preferential income tax rate in China. For purposes of this hypothetical example,
    the table above reflects a maximum tax scenario under which the full statutory rate would be effective.

(3) The PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law imposes a withholding income tax of 10% on dividends distributed by a foreign invested
    enterprise to its immediate holding company outside of China. A lower withholding income tax rate of 5% is applied if the
    foreign invested enterprise’s immediate holding company is registered in Hong Kong or other jurisdictions that have a
    tax treaty arrangement with China, subject to a qualification review at the time of the distribution. For purposes of this
    hypothetical example, the table above assumes a maximum tax scenario under which the full withholding tax would be
    applied.


Under PRC law, NIO Inc. may provide funding to our PRC subsidiaries only through capital
contributions or loans, and to the VIEs only through loans, subject to satisfaction of applicable
government registration and approval requirements. NIO Inc. and its subsidiaries extended loans
to the nominee shareholders of the VIEs for their investment in the VIEs, with outstanding principal
amount of RMB50.1 million (US$6.9 million) as of each of December 31, 2022, 2023 and 2024. In
addition, NIO Inc. and its subsidiaries also extended loans to the VIEs for operations with outstanding
principal amount of RMB32.8 million, RMB86.9 million and RMB34.7 million (US$4.8 million) as of
December 31, 2022, 2023 and 2024, respectively.


Pursuant to the exclusive business cooperation agreements between NIO Co., Ltd., or Shanghai NIO, a
wholly-owned subsidiary of our company, and Beijing NIO, Shanghai NIO may adjust the payment time
and payment method of the service fees, and Beijing NIO will accept any such adjustment. For the
years ended December 31, 2022, 2023 and 2024, no service under the contractual arrangements was
provided by Shanghai NIO and no service fee was paid by Beijing NIO to Shanghai NIO accordingly.
We intend to determine the amount of service fee and payment method based on the working capital
needs of Shanghai NIO and Beijing NIO, and settle such service fees accordingly in the future.
Pursuant to a separate service agreement, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2023 and 2024,
Shanghai NIO paid Beijing NIO RMB0.7 million, RMB0.7 million and RMB0.7 million (US$0.1 million)
for services provided by Beijing NIO.


Pursuant to the exclusive business cooperation agreement dated November 30, 2022 between Anhui
NIO Autonomous Driving Technology Co., Ltd., or Anhui NIO AD, a wholly-owned subsidiary of our
company, and Anhui NIO AT, Anhui NIO AD may adjust the payment time and payment method of the
service fees, and Anhui NIO AT will accept any such adjustment. For the years ended December 31,
2022, 2023 and 2024, no service under the contractual arrangements was provided by Anhui NIO AD
and no service fee was paid by Anhui NIO AT to Anhui NIO AD accordingly. We intend to determine the
amount of service fee and payment method based on the working capital needs of Anhui NIO AD and
Anhui NIO AT, and settle such service fees accordingly in the future. Pursuant to a separate service
agreement, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2023 and 2024, Anhui NIO AD paid Anhui NIO AT
RMB70.1 million, RMB58.4 million and RMB171.4 million (US$23.5 million) for services provided by
Anhui NIO AT.




                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2024           17
     PART I


                Pursuant to the exclusive business cooperation agreement dated December 12, 2022 between NIO
                Holding Co., Ltd., or NIO China, a PRC subsidiary in which we hold 89.0% controlling equity interests,
                and Anhui NIO DT, NIO China may adjust the payment time and payment method of the service fees,
                and Anhui NIO DT will accept any such adjustment. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2023 and
                2024, no service under the contractual arrangements was provided by NIO China and no service fee
                was paid by Anhui NIO DT to NIO China accordingly. We intend to determine the amount of service fee
                and payment method based on the working capital needs of NIO China and Anhui NIO DT, and settle
                such service fees accordingly in the future.


                NIO Inc. has not declared or paid any cash dividends, nor does it have any present plan to pay any
                cash dividends on our ordinary shares in the foreseeable future. We currently intend to retain most,
                if not all, of our available funds and any future earnings to operate and expand our business. See
                “Item 8. Financial Information – A. Consolidated Statements and Other Financial Information –
                Dividend Policy.” For Cayman Islands, PRC and United States federal income tax considerations of an
                investment in our ADSs or Class A ordinary shares, see “Item 10. Additional Information – E. Taxation.”
                As of December 31, 2022, 2023 and 2024 and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2023 and 2024,
                none of Beijing NIO, Anhui NIO AT and Anhui NIO DT had significant operations or any material assets
                or liabilities. As a result, the financial information related to the consolidated VIEs were insignificant
                to our consolidated financial statements.


                A. [Reserved]


                B. Capitalization and Indebtedness

                   Not applicable.


                C. Reasons for the Offer and Use of Proceeds

                   Not applicable.


                D. Risk Factors




18   NIO Inc.
                                                                                             PART I


SUMMARY OF RISK FACTORS
An investment in our ADSs and Class A ordinary shares involves significant risks. Below is a summary
of material risks we face, organized under headings. These risks are discussed more fully in “Item 3.
Key Information – D. Risk Factors.”


Risks Related to Our Business and Industry

Risks and uncertainties related to our business and industry include, but are not limited to, the
following:


•   The automotive market is highly competitive, and we face significant challenges in competing in
    our industry;


•   Our ability to develop and manufacture vehicles of sufficient quality and appeal to customers on
    schedule and on a large scale is still evolving;


•   We have not been profitable, and only generated positive cash flows from operations in certain
    periods;


•   We have limited experience in independent manufacturing. Any delays in the manufacturing
    and launching of our products, or ramping up of our production capacity, could have a material
    adverse effect on our business;


•   Rising international political tensions, including changes in U.S. and European international trade
    policies and other cross-border investment regulations, particularly with regard to China, may
    adversely impact our business and operating results;


•   The unavailability, reduction or elimination of government and economic incentives or
    governmental policies which are favorable for electric vehicles and domestically produced vehicles
    could have a material adverse effect on our business;


•   Our current or future vehicles may not perform in line with customer expectations;


•   We may face challenges in providing our power solutions;


•   Our services may not be generally accepted by our users. If we are unable to provide satisfactory
    services for our users, our business and reputation may be materially and adversely affected;




                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024     19
     PART I


                •   We are dependent on our suppliers, many of whom are our single source suppliers for the
                    components they supply;


                •   We rely on Battery Asset Company to provide Battery as a Service to our users. If Battery Asset
                    Company fails to achieve smooth and stable operations, our Battery as a Service may be materially
                    and adversely affected; and


                •   We may need to defend ourselves against patent or trademark infringement claims, which may be
                    time-consuming and would cause us to incur substantial costs.


                Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure

                We are also subject to risks and uncertainties related to our corporate structure, including, but not
                limited to, the following:


                •   We are a Cayman Islands holding company with no equity ownership in the VIEs and we conduct
                    our operations in China (i) primarily through our PRC subsidiaries, and (ii) to a much lesser extent,
                    the VIEs and their subsidiary. Investors in our ADSs and Class A ordinary shares thus are not
                    purchasing equity interests in the VIEs in China but instead are purchasing equity interests in a
                    Cayman Islands holding company. If the PRC government deems that our VIE arrangements do not
                    comply with PRC laws, or if these PRC laws change, we could be subject to severe penalties or be
                    forced to relinquish our interests in those operations. Our holding company in the Cayman Islands,
                    the VIEs and investors of our company face uncertainty about potential future actions by the PRC
                    government that could affect the enforceability of the contractual arrangements with the VIEs
                    and, consequently, significantly affect the financial performance of the VIEs and our company as a
                    group;


                •   We rely on contractual arrangements with the VIEs and their shareholders to hold a controlling
                    financial interest over each VIE, which may not be as effective as direct ownership in providing
                    operational control;


                •   Our ability to enforce the equity pledge agreements between us and the VIEs’ shareholders may be
                    subject to limitations based on PRC laws and regulations; and


                •   The shareholders of the VIEs have conflicts of interest with us, which may materially and adversely
                    affect our business and financial condition.




20   NIO Inc.
                                                                                             PART I


Risks Related to Doing Business in China

We face risks and uncertainties related to doing business in China in general, including, but not
limited to, the following:


•   Changes in China’s economic, political or social conditions or government policies could have a
    material and adverse effect on our business and results of operations;


•   Risks and uncertainties regarding the interpretation and enforcement of laws and quickly evolving
    rules and regulations in China, could result in a material adverse change in our operations and the
    value of our ADSs and Class A ordinary shares. For more details, see “Item 3. Key Information – D.
    Risk Factors – Risks Related to Doing Business in China – Uncertainties in the interpretation and
    enforcement of PRC laws and regulations could limit the legal protections available to you and
    us”;


•   The PRC government’s significant authority in regulating our operations and its oversight and
    control over capital raising activities of listed companies conducted overseas by, and foreign
    investment in, China-based issuers could significantly limit or completely hinder our ability to
    offer or continue to offer securities to investors. Implementation of industry-wide regulations in
    this nature may cause the value of such securities to significantly decline. For more details, see
    “Item 3. Key Information – D. Risk Factors – Risks Related to Doing Business in China – The PRC
    government’s significant oversight over our business operation could result in a material adverse
    change in our operations and the value of our ADSs”;


•   The approval of or the filing with the CSRC or other PRC government authorities may be required
    in connection with our future offshore listings and capital raising activities. We cannot predict
    whether or for how long we will be able to obtain such approval or filing;


•   We may be adversely affected by the complexity, uncertainties and changes in PRC regulations
    on internet-related business, automotive businesses and other business carried out by our PRC
    subsidiaries and the VIEs;


•   The PCAOB had historically been unable to inspect our auditor in relation to their audit work
    performed for our financial statements and the inability of the PCAOB to conduct inspections of
    our auditor in the past has deprived our investors with the benefits of such inspections; and




                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024     21
     PART I


                •   Our ADSs may be prohibited from being traded in the United States under the HFCAA in the future
                    if the PCAOB determines that it is unable to inspect or investigate completely auditor located in
                    China. The delisting or prohibition of trading of the ADSs, or the threat of their being delisted or
                    prohibited from trading, may materially and adversely affect the value of your investment. For
                    more details, see “Item 3. Key Information – D. Risk Factors – Risks Related to Doing Business
                    in China – Our ADSs may be prohibited from trading in the United States under the HFCAA in the
                    future if the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely auditors located in China. The
                    delisting or prohibition of trading of the ADSs, or the threat of their being delisted or prohibited
                    from trading, may materially and adversely affect the value of your investment.”


                Risks Related to Our ADSs and Class A Ordinary Shares

                In addition to the risks described above, we are subject to risks related to our ADSs and Class A
                ordinary shares:


                •   We adopt different practices as to certain matters as compared with many other companies listed
                    on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange;


                •   If we change the listing venue of our securities, you may lose the shareholder protection
                    mechanisms afforded under the regulatory regimes of the applicable securities exchange;


                •   The trading prices of our listed securities have been and are likely to continue to be, volatile, which
                    could result in substantial losses to investors;


                •   If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, or if they
                    adversely change their recommendations regarding our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs, the
                    market price for our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs and trading volume could decline; and


                •   Our dual-class voting structure will limit the holders of our Class A ordinary shares and ADSs to
                    influence corporate matters, provide certain shareholders of ours with substantial influence and
                    could discourage others from pursuing any change of control transactions that holders of our
                    Class A ordinary shares and ADSs may view as beneficial.




22   NIO Inc.
                                                                                             PART I


RISKS RELATED TO OUR BUSINESS AND INDUSTRY
The automotive market is highly competitive, and we face significant challenges in competing in
our industry.

The automotive market, particularly the market in China, is highly competitive. Our vehicles compete
with both NEV and ICE vehicles, especially those targeting the mid – to high-end segment. Many of
our current and potential competitors have significantly greater financial, technical, engineering,
manufacturing, marketing and other resources than we do, and may be able to devote greater
resources to the design, development, manufacturing, promotion, sale and support of their products.


Moreover, we expect competition in the China automotive market to intensify in light of increased
product supply, intense price competition, reduced government subsidies, continuing globalization,
and industry consolidation. Increased competition will place greater demand on, among others,
product design and performance, technological innovation, pricing, product quality and safety,
manufacturing efficiency, sales and marketing capabilities, service and charging options, and
user satisfaction. Increasing competition may also lead to lower vehicle unit sales and increasing
inventory, which may result in downward price pressure and may adversely affect our business,
financial condition, results of operations, and prospects.


Furthermore, our competitive advantage as a leading and early-moving EV company will be
compromised if our competitors achieve higher production and sales volumes, offer more favorable
pricing, or introduce new products at a faster pace than we do. If our competitors introduce new
vehicles or services that successfully compete with or surpass the quality or performance of our
vehicles or services at more competitive prices, we may be unable to satisfy existing customers or
attract new customers at the price levels that would allow us to generate attractive rates of return on
our investment.


We may also be affected by the volatility of the overall China automotive market. Fluctuations in the
growth rate of passenger vehicle sales and/or EV sales in China and shifting consumer demands for
EVs in China could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.




                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024     23
     PART I


                Our ability to successfully compete in our industry is fundamental to our future success in existing
                and new markets and in growing our market share. There can be no assurance that we will be able to
                compete successfully in our markets. You should consider our business and prospects in light of the
                risks and challenges we face in our industry, including, among other things, with respect to our ability
                to:


                •     design and produce safe, reliable and quality vehicles on an ongoing basis;


                •     build a well-recognized and respected brand;


                •     establish and expand our customer base;


                •     successfully market our vehicles and services;


                •     competitively price our products and services, and successfully anticipate the sales volume of our
                      vehicle products and the take-rate of services provided to users;


                •     improve and maintain our operational efficiency;


                •     maintain a reliable, secure, high-performance and scalable technology infrastructure;


                •     successfully develop and protect our core technologies;


                •     attract, retain and motivate talented employees;


                •     anticipate and adapt to changing market conditions, including technological developments and
                      changes in competitive landscape; and


                •     navigate an evolving and complex regulatory environment.


                If we fail to address any or all of these risks and challenges, our business may be materially and
                adversely affected.


                Furthermore, our vehicles are highly technical products that will require maintenance and support.
                If we were to cease or cut back operations, even years from now, buyers of our vehicles from years
                earlier might encounter difficulties in maintaining their vehicles and obtaining satisfactory support.
                We believe that user confidence in our ability to provide our power solutions and assisted and
                intelligent driving functions and honor our obligations under our service package over a long period
                of time is one of the key factors in marketing our vehicles. As a result, consumers will be less likely
                to purchase our vehicles now if they are not convinced that our business will succeed or that our
                operations will continue for many years. Similarly, suppliers and other third parties will be less likely
                to invest time and resources in developing business relationships with us if they are not convinced
                that our business will succeed.




24   NIO Inc.
                                                                                          PART I


Our ability to develop and manufacture vehicles of sufficient quality and appeal to customers on
schedule and on a large scale is still evolving.

Our future business depends in large part on our ability to execute on our plans to develop,
manufacture, market and sell our electric vehicles. We plan to manufacture our vehicles in higher
volumes than our present production capabilities.


Our continued development and manufacturing of our current and future vehicle models are and will
be subject to risks, including with respect to:


•   our ability to secure necessary funding;


•   the equipment we use being able to accurately manufacture the vehicle within specified design
    tolerances;


•   compliance with environmental, workplace safety and similar regulations;


•   securing necessary components on acceptable terms and in a timely manner;


•   our ability to accurately assess user demand;


•   our ability to timely manufacture vehicles and expand production capacity;


•   delays in delivery of final component designs to our suppliers, or delays in the development and
    delivery of our core technologies and new vehicle models;


•   our ability to attract, recruit, hire and train skilled employees;


•   quality controls;


•   delays or disruptions in our supply chain;


•   our ability to maintain solid partnership with our suppliers; and


•   our ability to control costs and prevent budget overruns.




                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024    25
     PART I


                Historically, automobile customers have expected auto companies to periodically introduce new and
                improved vehicle models. However, we have limited experience designing, testing, manufacturing,
                marketing and selling our electric vehicles and therefore cannot assure you that we will be able to
                introduce new or improved vehicle models at a pace that meets customer expectations. Nor can
                we guarantee that the vehicle models we roll out from time to time will achieve market success.
                If our new vehicle models or upgraded versions of existing vehicle models are not well received by
                customers, our brand image and business performance may be adversely affected.


                Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and growth
                prospects.


                We have not been profitable, and only generated positive cash flows from operations in certain
                periods.

                We have not been profitable since our inception, and only generated positive cash flows from
                operations in certain periods. We incurred net losses of RMB14,437.1 million, RMB20,719.8 million
                and RMB22,401.7 million (US$3,069.0 million) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2023 and
                2024, respectively. In addition, although we generated positive operating cash flows in 2021, we had
                negative operating cash flows of RMB3,866.0 million, RMB1,381.5 million and RMB7,849.2 million
                (US$1,075.3 million) in 2022, 2023 and 2024, respectively.


                We may continue to record net losses and negative operating cash flows in the near future. We
                may not be able to fulfill our obligations in providing vehicles and services to our users in respect
                of advances from customers, the failure of which may negatively affect our cash flow position. If
                we fail to generate sufficient revenue from our operations, or if we fail to maintain sufficient cash
                and financing, we may not have sufficient cash flows to fund our business, operations and capital
                expenditure and our business and financial position will be adversely affected.


                We have made significant up-front investments in research and development, power network, sales
                and service network, manufacturing facilities as well as marketing activities to rapidly develop and
                expand our business. We expect to continue to invest significantly in these areas to further develop
                and expand our business, and these investments may not result in an increase in revenue or positive
                cash flow on a timely basis, or at all. For example, we are developing new products to cover broader
                market segments and various core technologies such as assisted and intelligent driving technologies.
                We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully execute our strategies and compete
                successfully against existing or future competitors in these areas. Additionally, the electric vehicle
                industry is witnessing intense price competition as many players adopt aggressive pricing strategies
                to gain market share. We may need to adjust our pricing, which could lead to a direct contraction of
                our margin levels, and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.




26   NIO Inc.
                                                                                              PART I


There can be no assurance that we will not experience liquidity problems in the future. We may not
generate sufficient revenues, or we may incur substantial losses for a number of reasons, including
lack of demand for our vehicles and services, increasing competition, challenging macro-economic
environment, as well as other risks discussed herein, and we may incur unforeseen expenses, or
encounter difficulties, complications and delays in generating revenue or achieving profitability.
Moreover, our operation efficiency also has a significant impact on our ability to generate profits.
Failure to continuously improve our operation efficiency may lead to a decline in our net revenues,
income and profitability. If we are unable to achieve profitability, we may have to reduce the scale of
our operations, which may impact our business growth and adversely affect our financial condition
and results of operations.


In addition, we face risks with respect to our capability to obtain sufficient external equity or debt
financing. The electric vehicle industry that we operate in is highly capital-intensive, requiring
significant capital for research and development, production capacity enhancement, and sales and
service network expansion. Our financing efforts may be influenced by a number of factors, including
general market conditions, regulatory uncertainties, and investor acceptance of our business plan.
In particular, as we continue to advance our expansion into the international markets, we may be
unsuccessful in new geographic markets as expected, which could raise concerns among investors
and have a material adverse impact on our ability to obtain sufficient financing to support our further
business development. If we are unable to obtain external financing in a timely manner on acceptable
terms, we may fail to implement our business plans or encounter disruptions in our operating
activities, and our business, financial condition and results of operations would be adversely affected.


We have limited experience in independent manufacturing. Any delays in the manufacturing and
launching of our products, or ramping up of our production capacity, could have a material adverse
effect on our business.

Currently, we manufacture our vehicles in the first advanced manufacturing base, or the F1 Plant,
and the second advanced manufacturing base, or the F2 Plant. As we have limited experience
independently operating these manufacturing bases, we are subject to risks of delays in the
manufacture and commercial release of new vehicle models. We have been expanding our product
portfolio to target a broader market with our future vehicles, and to the extent we need to delay the
launch of our vehicles, our growth prospects could be adversely affected as we may fail to grow our
market share. We expect to introduce new vehicle models under each of our NIO, ONVO and FIREFLY
brands, which will require us to consistently enhance our production capacity. We cannot assure you
that we will be able to ramp up our production and deliver the vehicle models at a pace that meets
customer expectations. We also plan to periodically perform facelifts or refresh existing models,
which could also be subject to delays. We may introduce in the future new or unique manufacturing
processes and design features for our products. As we expand our vehicle offerings and global
footprint, there is no guarantee that we will be able to successfully and timely introduce and scale
such processes or features. Furthermore, we rely on third-party suppliers for the provision and
development of many of the key components and materials used in our vehicles. To the extent our
suppliers experience any delays in providing us with or developing necessary components, we could
experience delays in delivering on our timelines.




                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024      27
     PART I


                In addition, our manufacturing model has transitioned from joint manufacturing to independent
                manufacturing, potentially introducing new risks. Such a shift poses additional challenges due to
                our limited experience in manufacturing independently. The intricacies of overseeing all aspects of
                production independently, such as managing the entire production line and supervising production
                personnel, may lead to unforeseen obstacles in maintaining efficiency and timeliness, and,
                ultimately, delays in product launch and delivery. Therefore, we may be required to invest in more
                time and resources to assure that vehicles manufactured at our own facilities comply with our quality
                standards and regulatory requirements. We have limited experience in managing our manufacturing
                workforce, and we may also face challenges in providing training to our production personnel.
                Additionally, we cannot assure you that we will be able to attract or retain qualified personnel or
                other highly skilled employees in a timely and cost-efficient manner. Any failure to effectively manage
                or provide adequate training to our manufacturing workforce and production personnel, as well as
                attract or retain qualified personnel, may result in delays in production, reduced efficiency, and
                potential quality issues.


                Furthermore, we may need to expand or convert our existing manufacturing facilities in the future
                to ramp up the production of our current and future vehicle models. The expansion or conversion of
                our manufacturing facilities could experience delays or other difficulties, potentially affecting the
                timeline for increasing production capacity. Moreover, as we increase our production capacity and
                improve our operation efficiency, significant capital may also be required to maintain our property,
                plant and equipment, and such costs may exceed our current anticipations. There is substantial
                uncertainty about our ability to achieve these objectives. We cannot assure you that we will be able to
                complete the expansion or conversion of our manufacturing bases or ramp up our production capacity
                on schedule and within budget.


                Any delay in production ramp-up of our current vehicle models, or in the development, manufacture,
                launch and production ramp-up of our future vehicle models, including in the build-out of the
                manufacturing facilities in China for these models or due to any other factors, or in refreshing or
                performing facelifts to existing models, could subject us to customer complaints and materially and
                adversely affect our reputation, demand for our vehicles, results of operations and growth prospects.




28   NIO Inc.
                                                                                              PART I


The unavailability, reduction or elimination of government and economic incentives or governmental
policies which are favorable for electric vehicles and domestically produced vehicles could have a
material adverse effect on our business.

Our growth has benefited significantly from the government subsidies, economic incentives and
government policies that support the growth of new energy vehicles. Favorable government incentives
and subsidies in China include one-time government subsidies, exemption from vehicle purchase
tax, exemption from license plate restrictions in certain cities, preferential utility rates for charging
facilities and more. Changes in government subsidies, economic incentives and government policies
to support NEVs could adversely affect the results of our operations. For example, the Shanghai
government has offered exemptions from license plate restrictions for new energy vehicles in
recent years, most recently extending the exemption for NEVs until the end of 2025. If the Shanghai
government stops offering such exemptions, our sales in Shanghai could be adversely affected. In
addition, in recent years, local governments in China have been implementing incentives and subsidy
policies for consumers in the NEV sector, such as NEV replacement subsidies. If these favorable
government incentives and subsidies are scaled back in the future, it could potentially reduce
consumers’ willingness to purchase NEVs, thereby negatively impacting our vehicle sales.


Besides policies of local governments, China’s central government has adopted an NEV credit
scheme that incentivizes original equipment manufacturers, or OEMs, to increase the production
and sale of NEVs. On June 29, 2023, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, the
Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Commerce, the General Administration of Customs, and the State
Administration for Market Regulation, jointly promulgated the Decision on Amending Measures for
the Parallel Administration of the Average Fuel Consumption and New Energy Vehicle Credits of
Passenger Vehicle Enterprises, which took effect on August 1, 2023. Under these measures, each of
the vehicle manufacturers and vehicle importers above a certain scale is required to, among other
things, maintain its new energy vehicles credits, or the NEV credits above zero, and NEV credits can
be earned only by manufacturing or importing NEVs. Excess positive NEV credits, or the automotive
regulatory credits, are tradable and may be sold to other enterprises through a credit trading scheme
established by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology. Negative NEV credits can be
offset by purchasing NEV credits from other manufacturers or importers. We have earned positive
NEV credits through manufacturing new energy vehicles and sold some of the credits to other vehicle
manufacturers or importers. We generated revenue from the sale of these credits totaling RMB67.3
million, RMB10.6 million and RMB1.5 million (US$0.2 million) in 2022, 2023 and 2024, respectively.
There is no guarantee that we will continue to earn a similar level or amount of credits going forward.
Moreover, as the prices for NEV credits are subject to market demand, which affects the amount of
credits generated by other vehicle manufacturers during a given period, we cannot assure you that
we will continue to sell our credits at the current price or a higher price. Any changes in government
policies to restrict or eliminate such credits trading could adversely affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations.




                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2024      29
     PART I


                On June 19, 2023, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, the Ministry of Finance
                and the State Taxation Administration jointly promulgated the Announcement on Continuing and
                Optimizing the Vehicle Purchase Tax Reduction and Exemption Policies for New Energy Vehicles.
                Pursuant to such announcement, the NEVs purchased from January 1, 2024 to December 31, 2025,
                shall be exempt from vehicle purchase tax, with the amount of tax exemption for each new energy
                passenger vehicle not exceeding RMB30,000, and the exemption from vehicle purchase tax on the
                NEVs purchased from January 1, 2026 to December 31, 2027, shall be reduced by half such that
                the amount does not exceeding RMB15,000. The reduction in vehicle purchase tax exemptions may
                negatively impact our sales performance.


                Furthermore, China’s central government provides certain local governments with funds and
                subsidies to support the roll-out of charging infrastructure. See “Item 4. Information on the Company
                – B. Business Overview – Regulations – Favorable Government Policies Relating to New Energy
                Vehicles in the PRC.” These policies are subject to change and beyond our control. We cannot
                assure you that any changes would be favorable to our business. Furthermore, any reduction,
                elimination, delayed payment or discriminatory application of government subsidies and economic
                incentives because of policy changes, the reduced need for such subsidies and incentives due to the
                perceived success of electric vehicles, fiscal tightening or other factors may result in the diminished
                competitiveness of the alternative fuel vehicle industry generally or our electric vehicles in particular.
                In addition, as we seek to increase our revenues from vehicle sales, we may also experience an
                increase in accounts receivable relating to government subsidies. However, the collection of the
                government subsidies is subject to the appropriation arrangement and cadence of the governmental
                authority. Any uncertainty or delay in collection of the government subsidies may also have an
                adverse impact on our financial condition. For more details, please refer to “10. Other Non-current
                Assets” set forth in our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report.
                Any of the foregoing could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations,
                financial condition and prospects.




30   NIO Inc.
                                                                                             PART I


Our current or future vehicles may not perform in line with customer expectations.

Our current or future vehicles may not perform in line with customers’ expectations. For example, our
vehicles may not have the durability or longevity of other vehicles in the market, and may not be as
easy and convenient to repair as other vehicles in the market. Any product defects or any other failure
of our vehicles to perform as expected could harm our reputation and result in adverse publicity, lost
revenue, delivery delays, product recalls, product liability claims, harm to our brand and reputation,
and significant warranty and other expenses, and could have a material adverse impact on our
business, financial condition, operating results and prospects.


In addition, the range of our vehicles on a single charge declines principally as a function of usage,
time and charging patterns as well as other factors. For example, a customer’s use of his or her
electric vehicle as well as the frequency with which he or she charges the battery can result in
additional deterioration of the battery’s ability to hold a charge.


Furthermore, our vehicles may contain defects in design and manufacture that may cause them not to
perform as expected or that may require repair. For example, we offer full-stack in-house developed
assisted and intelligent driving features through NIO assisted and intelligent driving, or NAD, and
ONVO Smart Driving or OSD. We cannot assure you that our technologies will ultimately perform in
line with expectations.


Our vehicles use a substantial amount of software code to operate and software products are
inherently complex and often contain defects and errors when first introduced. As a result, any
malfunction of these software products could negatively affect our vehicle performance and lead to
user dissatisfaction, potential complaints and product recalls. Any failure of our software products,
issues with our systems, or cybersecurity incidents may adversely affect our business, results of
operation and financial position.


While we have performed extensive internal testing on our vehicles’ software and hardware systems,
we have a limited frame of reference by which to evaluate the long-term performance of our systems
and vehicles. There can be no assurance that we will be able to detect and fix any defects in the
vehicles prior to their sale to consumers. If any of our vehicles fail to perform as expected, we may
need to delay deliveries, initiate product recalls and provide servicing or updates under warranty at
our expense, which could adversely affect our brand in our target markets and could adversely affect
our business, prospects and results of operations.




                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024      31
     PART I


                We may face challenges providing our power solutions.

                We provide our users with comprehensive power solutions. Our power solutions include home charger,
                which we refer to as Power Home; battery swapping, which we refer to as Power Swap; supercharging
                piles, which we refer to as Power Charger; destination charging piles, which we refer to as Destination
                Charger; and mobile charging, which we refer to as Power Mobile. In addition, we offer our users our
                One Click for Power valet service where we pick up, charge and then return the vehicle. For our vehicle
                models, we currently offer standard range battery, long range battery, and ultra-long range battery.
                We have experienced delays in delivering our power solutions in the past, and we cannot assure you
                that such delays will not occur again in the future.


                We intend to expand our charging and battery swapping network to better satisfy our users’ demand.
                We plan to develop our power network both independently and in cooperation with business partners.
                Such cooperative arrangements involve a variety of risks, including with respect to the negotiation
                of commercial terms, funding arrangements, and the timely construction of the charging piles and
                battery swapping stations. If we are unable to successfully expand the coverage of our power network
                at the intended pace, our business, results of operation and financial position could be adversely
                affected.


                We have very limited experience in the actual provision of our power solutions to users and providing
                these services is subject to challenges, including the challenges associated with sorting out the
                logistics of rolling out our network and teams in appropriate areas, inadequate capacity or over
                capacity of our services in certain areas, security risks or risk of damage to vehicles during One Click
                for Power valet services and the potential for lack of user acceptance of our services. In addition,
                although the Chinese government has supported the roll-out of a public charging network, the
                current number of charging infrastructures is generally considered to be insufficient. We also face
                uncertainties with regard to governmental support and public infrastructure as we roll out our power
                solutions, including whether we can obtain and maintain access to sufficient charging infrastructure,
                whether we can obtain any required permits and land use rights and complete any required filings,
                and whether the government support in this area may discontinue. Furthermore, we may be subject
                to illegal activities perpetrated against us and our power solutions, which may disrupt our operations
                and damage user confidence in our vehicles and service offerings, thereby negatively affect our
                business and results of operations.


                Furthermore, given our limited experience in providing power solutions, there could be unanticipated
                challenges which may hinder our ability to provide our solutions or make the provision of our solutions
                costlier than anticipated. To the extent we are unable to meet user expectations or experience
                difficulties in providing our power solutions, our reputation and business may be materially and
                adversely affected.




32   NIO Inc.
                                                                                              PART I


Our services may not be generally accepted by our users. If we are unable to provide satisfactory
services for our users, our business and reputation may be materially and adversely affected.

We aim to provide users with access to a full suite of services, including aftersales services, power
solutions, assisted and intelligent driving functions and others. We are also expanding our service
scope to meet our users’ evolving demands. For example, we facilitate used car transactions and auto
financing arrangements, and offer vehicle subscription, battery upgrade and insurance brokerage
to our users. These services are a part of our product and services package to users, and we cannot
assure you that the services we provide will be profitable on their own. In addition, to the extent that
some of our services are non-traditional for automakers, these service offerings subject us to new
risks. We also seek to engage with our users on an ongoing basis using online and offline channels,
which is non-traditional for automakers. We cannot assure you that our services or our efforts to
engage with our users using both our online and offline channels will be successful, which could
impact our revenues as well as our customer satisfaction and marketing.


Our servicing will partially be carried out through third parties which we certified. Although such
servicing partners may have experience in servicing other vehicles, we and such partners have very
limited experience in servicing our vehicles. Servicing electric vehicles is different from servicing ICE
vehicles and requires specialized skills, including high voltage training and servicing techniques.
There can be no assurance that our service arrangements will adequately address the service
requirements of our users to their satisfaction, or that we and our partners will have sufficient
resources to meet these service requirements in a timely manner as the volume of vehicles we deliver
increases.


In addition, if we are unable to roll out and establish a widespread service network, user satisfaction
could be adversely affected, which in turn could materially and adversely affect our sales, results of
operations and prospects.




                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2024      33
     PART I


                We are dependent on our suppliers, many of whom are our single source suppliers for the
                components they supply.

                Each of our vehicle models uses a great amount of purchased parts from suppliers, many of whom
                are currently our single source suppliers for these components, and we expect that this will be
                similar for any future vehicle we may produce. The supply chain exposes us to multiple potential
                sources of delivery failure or component shortages. While we obtain components from multiple
                sources whenever possible, similar to other players in our industry, many of the components used
                in our vehicles are components we purchased from a single source. To date, we have not qualified
                alternative sources for most of the single sourced components used in our vehicles and we do
                not maintain long-term agreements with some of our single source suppliers. In addition, part
                of our supply chain is geographically concentrated. The lack of geographic diversification in our
                suppliers could lead to increased costs and delays in production of our vehicles. Furthermore, our
                collaboration with startup suppliers poses a potential risk to our operations. These suppliers may
                lack the experience and resources to effectively manage their supply chains, leading to potential
                disruptions in the delivery of goods or services to us. In addition, operational inefficiencies within
                these suppliers may lead to inconsistencies in product or service quality, thereby affecting our own
                ability to deliver high-quality products or services to our customers. Some of these suppliers may
                have limited financial resources and rely on external financing to sustain their operations. If they
                experience financial constraints or fail to sustain their operations, it could impact their ability to meet
                our requirements, potentially causing delays or disruptions in our operations.


                Any disruption in the supply of components, whether or not from a single source supplier, could
                temporarily disrupt the production of our vehicles until an alternative supplier is fully qualified
                or is otherwise able to supply us with the required material. Qualifying alternative suppliers or
                developing our own replacements for certain highly customized components of our vehicles may be
                time-consuming and costly. There can be no assurance that we would be able to successfully retain
                alternative suppliers or supplies on a timely basis, on acceptable terms or at all. In addition, to the
                extent that we need to find alternative suppliers under time constraints, the alternative suppliers may
                not fully meet our requirements with respect to delivery speed, quantity or quality, thereby adversely
                affecting our business operations.




34   NIO Inc.
                                                                                               PART I


Changes in business conditions, force majeure and other factors beyond our control or which we do
not presently anticipate, could also affect our suppliers’ ability to deliver components to us on a timely
basis. For example, the global supply constraint of semiconductor chips had negatively impacted our
production activity and volume, as a result of which, we temporarily suspended the vehicle production
activity in the F1 Plant for five working days starting from March 29, 2021. In May 2021, our vehicle
delivery was adversely impacted for several days due to the volatility of semiconductor supply and
certain logistical adjustments. In April 2022, we suspended our vehicle production as a result of the
component shortages. In July 2022, the production of our ET7 and EC6 was constrained by the short
supply of casting parts. Although the reduced production volume and number of vehicles delivered
as a result of supply chain volatilities have not had a material impact on our liquidity and capital
resources, our results of operations in these periods have been negatively affected. See “Item 3. Key
Information – D. Risk Factors – Risks Related to Our Business and Industry – Our business, financial
condition and results of operations may be adversely affected by natural disasters, health epidemics
and other outbreaks.” While we have been working closely with supply chain partners and have been
actively seeking alternative sources of supply, our production activity and results of operations may
be impacted should the supply chain volatilities continue. In addition, even if we succeed in locating
alternative sources of supply, cooperating with new suppliers will subject us to uncertainties with
respect to the reliability of these suppliers and the quality of the components they provide. We
cannot assure you that the new sources of component supply will enable us to meet the quality,
price, design, engineering, and production standards, as well as the production volumes to satisfy the
market demand for our vehicles. Any defects of or quality issues with these components or any non-
compliance incidents associated with these third-party suppliers could result in quality issues with
our vehicles and hence compromise our brand image and results of operations. Any of the foregoing
could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and prospects.




                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024      35
     PART I


                We rely on Battery Asset Company to provide Battery as a Service to our users. If Battery Asset
                Company fails to achieve smooth and stable operations, our Battery as a Service may be materially
                and adversely affected.

                On August 20, 2020, we introduced the Battery as a Service, or BaaS, which allows users to purchase
                electric vehicles and subscribe for the usage of batteries separately. If users opt to purchase a vehicle
                and subscribe for the battery under the BaaS, they can enjoy a deduction off the original vehicle
                purchase price and pay a monthly subscription fee for the battery.


                For each user under the BaaS model, we sell a battery to Wuhan Weineng Battery Asset Co., Ltd., or
                the Battery Asset Company, and the user subscribes for the usage of the battery from the Battery
                Asset Company. The service we provide to our users under the BaaS relies, in part, on the smooth
                operation of and stability and quality of service delivered by the Battery Asset Company, which we
                cannot guarantee. We invested in the Battery Asset Company with CATL, Hubei Science Technology
                Investment Group Co., Ltd. and a subsidiary of Guotai Junan International Holdings Limited, which
                we refer to as the Initial BaaS Investors in this annual report. We and the Initial BaaS Investors
                each invested RMB200 million and held 25% equity interests in the Battery Asset Company at its
                establishment. In December 2020, April 2021, August 2021 and July 2022, respectively, the Battery
                Asset Company entered into agreements with new and existing investors for additional financing. We
                refer to the Initial BaaS Investors together with the other investors of the Battery Asset Company that
                subsequently joined as the Battery Asset Company Investors. As of the date of this annual report,
                we beneficially own approximately 19.4% of the equity interests in the Battery Asset Company. As
                a result, we have significant influence, but not control, over the business operations of the Battery
                Asset Company. If it fails in delivering smooth and stable operations, we will suffer from negative
                customer reviews and even returns of products or services and our reputation may be materially and
                adversely affected.


                Additionally, given that we generate a portion of our total revenues from sales of battery and provision
                of service to the Battery Asset Company, our results of operations and financial performance will
                be negatively affected if the Battery Asset Company fails to operate smoothly. The Battery Asset
                Company may finance the purchase of batteries through issuance of equity and debt or bank
                borrowing. If the Battery Asset Company is unable to obtain future financings from the Battery Asset
                Company Investors or other third parties to meet its operational needs, it may not be able to make
                payments to us for the batteries purchased from us on time, to continue purchasing batteries from
                us and providing them to our users through battery subscription, or to otherwise maintain its healthy
                and sustainable operations. On the other hand, if the Battery Asset Company bears a significant rate
                of customer default on its payment obligations, its results of operations and financial performance
                may be materially impacted, which will in turn reduce the value of our and the Battery Asset Company
                Investors’ investments in the Battery Asset Company. In addition, in furtherance of the BaaS, we
                agreed to provide a guarantee to the Battery Asset Company for the default in payment of monthly
                subscription fees from users, while the maximum amount of guarantee that can be claimed shall
                not be higher than the accumulated service fees we receive from the Battery Asset Company. As the
                BaaS user base is expanding, if an increased number of default occurs, our results of operations and
                financial performance will be negatively affected. As of December 31, 2024, the guarantee liability we
                provided to Battery Asset Company was immaterial.




36   NIO Inc.
                                                                                              PART I


Reservations for our vehicles are subject to cancellation.

Reservations for our vehicles are subject to cancellation by the customer until delivery of the vehicle.
We have experienced cancellations in the past. While we require a deposit of less than 2.0% of the
manufacturer’s suggested retail price, such deposit becomes non-refundable after a certain period of
time upon which the reservation will be automatically confirmed. Notwithstanding the non-refundable
deposit, our users may still cancel their reservations for many reasons outside of our control. The
potentially long wait from the time a reservation is made until the time the vehicle is delivered could
also impact user decisions on whether to ultimately make a purchase, due to potential changes in
preferences, competitive developments and other factors. If we encounter delays in the delivery
our current or future vehicle models, we believe that a significant number of reservations may be
cancelled. As a result, no assurance can be made that reservations will not be cancelled and will
ultimately result in the final purchase, delivery, and sale of the vehicle. Such cancellations could
harm our financial condition, business, prospects and operating results.


We may be subject to risks associated with assisted and intelligent driving technologies.

We provide an enhanced advanced driver assistance system, or ADAS, and plan to offer higher levels
of assisted and intelligent driving functionalities, and through our research and development, we
continually update and improve our assisted and intelligent driving technologies.


Regulatory, safety and reliability issues, or the perception thereof, many of which are beyond our
control, could cause the public, our users or our potential business partners to lose confidence in the
assisted and intelligent driving solutions in general. The development of our assisted and intelligent
driving technology is subject to applicable regulatory restrictions, which may change from time to
time as a result of various factors and have an unfavorable effect on our business as well as our
research and development. The safety of our assisted and intelligent driving technology depends in
part on end users of vehicles equipped with ADAS and higher levels of assisted and intelligent driving
systems, as well as other drivers, pedestrians, other obstacles on the roadways or other unforeseen
events. For example, there have been traffic accidents involving vehicles equipped with ADAS,
including our vehicles. Even though the actual causes of such traffic accidents may not be associated
with the use of ADAS, they resulted in, and any future similar accidents could result in, significant
negative publicity, and, in the future, could result in suspension or prohibition of vehicles equipped
with ADAS and other assisted and intelligent driving systems, as well as regulatory investigations,
recalls, systems or features modifications and related actions.


In addition, to the extent accidents associated with our ADAS and other assisted and intelligent
driving systems (once launched) occur, we could be subject to liability, government scrutiny and
further regulation. For example, our research and development activities related to ADAS are subject
to regulatory restrictions on surveying and mapping, as well as driverless road testing. Any further
tightening of regulatory restrictions could significantly impede our development of assisted and
intelligent driving technologies. Any of the foregoing could materially and adversely affect our results
of operations, financial condition and growth prospects.




                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2024     37
     PART I


                We may face challenges in expanding our business and operations internationally and our ability to
                conduct business in international markets may be adversely affected by legal, regulatory, political
                and economic risks.

                We face challenges and risks associated with expanding our business and operations globally into
                new geographic markets and developing diversified sales channels and marketing strategies.


                New geographic markets may have competitive conditions, user preferences, and discretionary
                spending patterns that are more difficult to predict or satisfy than our existing markets. Local
                companies may have a substantial competitive advantage because of their greater understanding
                of, and focus on, the local users, as well as their more established local brand names, requiring us
                to build brand awareness in that market through greater investments in advertising and promotional
                activity. In certain markets, we have relatively little operating experience and may not benefit from
                any first-to-market advantages or otherwise succeed. Therefore, we may also need to adapt our
                product and service offerings, adjust pricing strategies, and align with local economic conditions.
                Moreover, our expansion into international markets require us to respond timely and effectively to
                rapidly evolving market dynamics in the respective countries and regions. While we are committed to
                executing our global business strategy, we cannot guarantee that our product and service offerings
                will achieve the desired success in these new markets.


                To complement our direct sales model, we may need to implement new and diverse sales approaches
                and cooperate with business partners to facilitate our expansion in international markets, such as
                working with general distribution agencies and forming joint venture partnerships. The adoption
                of these models could have potential negative impacts on certain financial metrics. For example,
                we entered into the Middle East and North Africa region in 2024 and expect to work closely with
                our business partner to provide local users with our products and services. We also target to enter
                more overseas markets, which will expose us to a number of challenges relating to the selection of
                business partners, negotiations of commercial terms and adapting to local policies. In addition, an
                increased revenue contribution from our distributors and authorized agents may lead to increase
                in our trade receivables, which our distributors and authorized agents may not be able to settle in a
                timely manner, and any deterioration in the financial position and credit profile of our distributors
                and authorized agents could create challenges in collecting our trade receivables. Furthermore,
                international expansion typically requires substantial capital investment, which may strain our
                financial resources and adversely affect our current financial performance while increasing the
                complexity of our operational structure.




38   NIO Inc.
                                                                                                PART I


As we continue to expand the operations and sales of our smart electric vehicles in international
markets, we may face operational issues that could have a material adverse effect on our reputation,
business and results of operations, if we fail to address certain factors including, but not limited to,
the following:


•   lack of acceptance of our products and services, and challenges of localizing our offerings to
    appeal to local tastes;


•   significant capital required for entering into new geographical markets, including cost of
    promoting our current and future brands in the new markets, building sales and services networks
    and power infrastructures;


•   failure to obtain or maintain required permits and certifications for our products or services in
    these markets;


•   failure to conform our products to regulatory and safety requirements and charging and other
    electric infrastructures;


•   difficulty and cost relating to compliance with different commercial and legal requirements of the
    overseas markets in which we offer or plan to offer our products and services;


•   failure to provide consistent high-quality customer service and support in these markets;


•   failure to attract and retain capable personnel with international perspectives who can effectively
    manage and operate local businesses;


•   challenges in identifying appropriate local business partners and establishing and maintaining
    good working relationships with them;


•   failure to obtain, maintain or enforce our intellectual property rights;


•   availability, reliability and security of international payment systems and logistics infrastructure;


•   challenges of maintaining efficient and consolidated internal systems, including technology
    infrastructure, and of achieving customization and integration of these systems with the other
    parts of our technology platform;


•   challenges in replicating or adapting our company policies and procedures to operating
    environments different from that of China;


•   failure to develop appropriate risk management and internal control structures tailored to
    overseas operations;


•   national security policies that restrict our ability to utilize technologies that are deemed by local
    governmental regulators to pose a threat to their national security;



                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024     39
     PART I


                •   compliance with privacy laws and data security laws and compliance costs across different legal
                    systems;


                •   heightened restrictions and barriers on the transfer of data and streamlined supply chain among
                    different jurisdictions;


                •   differing, complex and potentially adverse customs, import/export laws, tax rules and regulations
                    or other trade barriers or restrictions related compliance obligations and consequences of non-
                    compliance, and any new developments in these areas;


                •   challenges in the implementation of BaaS and other innovative business models in countries and
                    regions outside of China;


                •   exchange rate fluctuations; and


                •   political instability and general economic or political conditions in particular countries or regions,
                    including territorial or trade disputes, war and terrorism.


                In addition, our operations are subject to both PRC law and the laws of countries and jurisdictions
                in which we operate. Any violations of these laws by our overseas operations, associates, or agents
                could result in sanctions or penalties, potentially damaging our reputation, business operations, and
                financial results. We may also encounter protectionist measures that could impede our business
                strategies and place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to domestic companies. For
                example, starting from October 30, 2024, the European Commission imposed definitive countervailing
                duties on imports of battery electric vehicles (BEVs) from China for a period of five years.


                Our success in international markets hinges on our ability to navigate diverse legal, regulatory,
                economic, environmental, social, and political landscapes, many aspects of which are beyond
                our direct control. In new geographical areas and jurisdictions, our business operations may face
                disruptions due to changes in local laws, regulations, and policies. Failure to manage these risks and
                challenges could negatively affect our ability to expand our business and operations overseas as well
                as materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.




40   NIO Inc.
                                                                                              PART I


Rising international political tensions, including changes in U.S. and European international trade
policies and other cross-border investment regulations, particularly with regard to China, may
adversely impact our business and operating results.

The U.S. government has made statements and taken certain actions that may lead to changes in
U.S. and international trade policies towards China. It remains unclear what additional actions, if
any, will be taken by the U.S. or other governments with respect to international trade agreements,
the imposition of tariffs on goods imported into the United States, tax policy related to international
commerce, or other trade matters.


We are closely monitoring potential changes in international trade policy and assessing the
potential impact of these and other trade policy changes on our business operations and financial
performance. In February and March 2025, the U.S. administration imposed an additional 20 percent
duty on Chinese imports. Subsequently, authorities in China announced tariffs over selected U.S.
products and regulatory investigation against U.S. companies in response to the tariff imposed by the
U.S. Furthermore, on April 2, 2025, President Trump announced that the United States would impose
a 10% tariff on all countries, effective on April 5, 2025, and an individualized reciprocal higher tariff
on countries with which the United States has the largest trade deficits, including a 34% additional
reciprocal tariff on goods imported from China that brings the total tariff rate to 54%. On April 4,
2025, the Foreign Ministry of China announced that China would impose a retaliatory 34% tariff
on goods imported from the United States starting on April 10, 2025. Any unfavorable government
policies on international trade, such as capital controls or tariffs, may affect the demand for our
products and services, impact the competitive position of our products or prevent us from selling
products in certain countries. If any new tariffs, legislation and/or regulations are implemented, or if
existing trade agreements are renegotiated or, in particular, if the U.S. government takes retaliatory
trade actions due to the recent U.S.-China trade tension, such changes could have an adverse effect
on our business, financial condition and results of operations.


In addition, we have been closely monitoring policies in the United States designed to restrict
certain Chinese companies from supplying or operating in the U.S. market. These policies include
the Clean Network project initiated by the U.S. Department of State in August 2020, the Executive
Order on Protecting America’s Sensitive Data from Foreign Adversaries published in June 2021, and
new authorities granted to the Department of Commerce to prohibit or restrict the use of certain
information and communications technology and services from Chinese companies. Utilizing these
new authorities, in January 2025, the Department of Commerce Bureau of Industry and Security (BIS)
announced a final rule prohibiting transactions involving the sale or import of connected vehicles
when the integrated software has a sufficient nexus to China. Additionally, the U.S. Department
of Defense has included dozens of prominent Chinese companies on its list of “Chinese military
companies” (CMC) that are “operating directly or indirectly in the United States” in accordance with
Section 1260H of the National Defense Authorization Act.




                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2024      41
     PART I


                Likewise, we are monitoring policies in the United States aimed at restricting the export of items and
                technology subject to U.S. jurisdiction to Chinese companies. The United States and various foreign
                governments have imposed license requirements and restrictions on the export of technologies
                and products to China, or voiced the intention to do so. For instance, since 2022, the United States
                has imposed increasingly strict export control measures relating to exports of semiconductors to
                China. In October 2023, BIS promulgated two new rules that expanded export controls to cover a
                broader array of advanced semiconductors and semiconductor manufacturing equipment. Similarly,
                in January 2025, BIS released an interim final rule that established licensing requirements for the
                export of advanced computing integrated circuits that facilitate advanced artificial intelligence (AI)
                research and development, as well as certain AI model technology. These recent export controls are,
                in part, intended to restrict China’s ability to obtain advanced computing chips, develop and maintain
                supercomputers, and manufacture advanced semiconductors. These measures also restrict the
                ability of U.S. persons to provide “support” for semiconductor manufacturing and related activities
                in China and may seriously affect the ability of Chinese companies to purchase or obtain certain
                semiconductor manufacturing equipment or advanced chips. The implementation, interpretation
                and impact on our business of these rules and other regulatory actions taken by the U.S. government
                is uncertain. These actions and/or other actions that may be taken by the governments of either
                the U.S. or China, or both (including in response to recent increased tensions), could hinder our
                ability to transfer our U.S.-origin software to China, source U.S.-origin software and components or
                otherwise access U.S. technology, which could materially and adversely affect our business, results
                of operations and financial condition.


                The United States has also taken efforts to limit U.S. investment in China. On October 28, 2024,
                the U.S. Department of the Treasury issued a final rule to prohibit U.S. investment in Chinese
                companies active in developing certain national security technologies (Outbound Investment Rule).
                The Outbound Investment Rule targets investments involving persons and entities associated with
                “countries of concern,” a designation currently limited to China. In effect since January 2025, the
                Outbound Investment Rule imposes investment prohibitions and notification requirements on a range
                of investments in companies engaged in activities relating to three sectors: (i) semiconductors and
                microelectronics, (ii) quantum technologies, and (iii) artificial intelligence systems. Persons from
                countries of concern engaged in these activities are defined as “covered foreign persons.” Investments
                by U.S. persons subject to the Outbound Investment Rule include the acquisition of equity or a
                contingent equity interest, the provision of certain debt financing, the conversion of contingent equity
                interest into equity interest, involvement in a greenfield or brownfield investment, entrance into a
                joint venture, and the acquisition of a limited partner interest in non-U.S. pooled investment fund.


                Importantly, the Outbound Investment Rule excludes some investments from the scope of covered
                transactions, including those in publicly traded securities listed on a national stock exchange. U.S.
                persons’ acquisitions of publicly traded securities, such as our ADSs, will therefore be exempted
                from the scope of covered transactions under the Outbound Investment Rule. But if we are deemed
                to be a covered foreign person engaged in the development of specified AI technologies and services,
                and therefore subject to the Outbound Investment Rule, our ability to raise capital or contingent
                equity capital from U.S. investors would be limited and could negatively affect our stock price. As a
                result, our financial condition, business, results of operations and prospects could also be adversely
                affected.



42   NIO Inc.
                                                                                               PART I


On February 21, 2025, the White House released the “America First Investment Policy” memorandum,
or the Investment Policy, which outlined several initiatives to restrict investments involving China.
While legislative and regulatory actions are required to effect these proposed changes, the Investment
Policy may expand enforcement against inbound investment from China to the United States by
potentially implementing broader, sector-based restriction on PRC investments in the U.S., expanding
CFIUS’ jurisdiction over greenfield investment by Chinese companies, and replacing open-ended
mitigation agreements with mitigation agreements prescribing specific timeframes and concrete
actions. Additionally, the Investment Policy proposes to create restrictions on U.S. investments
in China additional to those already imposed under the Outbound Investment Rule, by potentially
expanding industry sectors covered in sectors by existing U.S. outbound investment regulations,
supplementing outbound investment restrictions with sanctions, and directing a review to suspend
or terminate the 1984 United States-The People’s Republic of China Income Tax Convention. As the
Investment Policy and its related legislative and regulatory proposals are still relatively new, it is
unclear how these policies, and any future policies concerning investments between the U.S. and
China, will be interpreted, amended and implemented by U.S. government authorities. These policies
may restrict our ability to implement our investment strategy and could adversely affect our business
and prospects.


In response, China has implemented, and may further implement, measures in response to the
changing trade policies, treaties, tariffs and sanctions and restrictions against Chinese companies
initiated by the U.S. Moreover, our deployment of advanced core technologies in ADAS, whether
developed internally or acquired from third parties, may exposes us to risks associated with sanctions
imposed by the U.S. government.


We may also face protectionist policies that could, among other things, hinder our ability to execute
our business strategies and put us at a competitive disadvantage relative to domestic companies. For
example, starting from October 30, 2024, the European Commission imposed definitive countervailing
duties on imports of battery electric vehicles (BEVs) from China for a period of five years. These and
similar developments may mark a period of increased trade tensions and higher tariff rates.


Furthermore, potential changes in tax policies related to international commerce could also affect
our business. For example, in 2021, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development
announced an Inclusive Framework on Base Erosion and Profit Shifting including, Pillar Two Model
Rules defining the global minimum tax, which calls for the taxation of large multinational corporations
at a minimum rate of 15%. Subsequently, multiple sets of administrative guidance have been issued.
Various tax jurisdictions have either enacted legislation to adopt certain components of the Pillar Two
Model Rules starting in 2024 with additional components to be adopted in later years, or announced
their plans to enact such legislation in future years. We will continue to evaluate the impact of such
legislative initiatives in various tax jurisdictions in which we operate. However, there are uncertainties
regarding the rules and implementations, and we cannot assure you that such changes will not have
a negatively effect on our financial condition.




                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024      43
     PART I


                Rising political tensions could reduce levels of trades, investments, technological exchanges, and
                other economic activities between the two major economies, which would have a material adverse
                effect on global economic conditions and the stability of global financial markets. Any of these factors
                could have a material adverse effect on our business, prospects, financial condition, and results of
                operations.


                We face challenges in developing and operating our vehicle subscription business and leasing
                program, including theft of or damage to vehicles and operational difficulties with car leasing
                partners.

                We began to offer vehicle subscription offerings in European markets starting from October
                2022, which requires significant capital. We may incur losses or otherwise fail to introduce the
                service successfully. For example, we may incur insufficient utilization rate of our fleets under the
                subscription offering and therefore only generate lower-than-expected revenue. We also face risks in
                connection with the expansion of our customer base in Europe through our subscription offering. For
                example, customers of our vehicle subscription may have a higher-than-expected rate of default due
                to macroeconomic factors or if we fail to correctly assess their creditworthiness, which would result
                in increased costs incurred by our company.


                In addition, we cooperate with partners in European market who engage in car leasing business. We
                sell vehicles to the car leasing partners who will then lease the cars purchased from us to the end
                customers. As such customers would use our vehicles and enjoy certain part of our services, such
                as using our apps and entering into NIO House, if our car leasing partners run into any operational
                difficulties, our users’ experience may be negatively affected, our brand name could be compromised.


                Furthermore, given that our vehicles are typically stored in unroofed parking lots under the vehicle
                subscription offering, force majeure events such as flooding, fires or hail may affect a large number
                of our vehicles. This type of parking lot also has an increased risk of theft or vandalism. Such events
                may cause us to incur large, uninsured damages, deprive us of a significant portion of our inventory
                and reduce customer satisfaction if we cannot deliver subscribed vehicles. In addition, vehicles
                provided to customers under our vehicle subscription service may be stolen, damaged or destroyed
                before being returned to us. While we carry insurance for our vehicles, the insurance coverage may
                not be sufficient.


                We have a limited operating history in overseas markets and the business model of our service
                offerings overseas may continue to evolve, exposing us to new risks not discussed above. In addition,
                with the expansion of the subscription business and leasing programs in international markets in the
                future, any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
                results of operations and prospects.




44   NIO Inc.
                                                                                              PART I


We are subject to the risk of a decrease in the residual value of used vehicles under our
subscription offering.

As the economic owner of the vehicles under the subscription offering, we are exposed to the risk that
the market value of our existing vehicles could decrease after new vehicle models are released, which
will reduce our asset value. We are also exposed to the risk that the market value of the vehicles
returned at the end of the subscription term may be lower than the calculated residual value at the
time the subscription contract was entered into, which may in turn increases the likelihood that the
future subscription price for the returned vehicle turns out to be lower than expected. A decline in
the value of used vehicles can be caused by a broad range of external factors affecting the vehicle
market, including adverse changes in customer confidence and preferences, economic conditions,
government policies, exchange rates, marketing programs, price pressure in the new vehicle, the
actual or perceived safety or reliability of vehicles, the price of raw materials regained from recycling
or scrapping, or technological developments.


Uncertainties may also exist regarding the internal methods for calculating residual values. Although
we continually employ residual value models and monitor used vehicle prices, demand and supply
trends and other factors to forecast residual values, the assumptions on which residual value
assessments are based may prove to be incorrect. In addition, in the case that actual residual values,
due to changes in market or regulatory conditions, turn out to be lower than the amounts calculated
for our subscription pricing, provisions for residual value risk may be insufficient. Similarly, if the
market value of the used cars decreases, we may have to record write-downs beyond its existing
reserves for used vehicle inventory risk. Finally, a significant decrease in the value of used vehicles
may create pricing pressure for our new car business if customers are not willing to pay significantly
higher prices in monthly subscription payments as a consequence of decreased residual values.


As a result of the above factors, with the expansion of the subscription business in the future, if the
market value of the used vehicles under our subscription service is significantly below our estimate, it
may have a material adverse effect on our business, assets, results of operations, financial condition
and prospects.


Our industry is rapidly evolving and may be subject to unforeseen changes. Developments in
alternative technologies may materially and adversely affect the demand for our electric vehicles.

We operate in the electric vehicle market, which is rapidly evolving and may not develop as we
anticipate. We face unanticipated risks such as an increase in lithium prices, which may reduce the
demand of battery electric vehicle and negatively impact on our business. Also, government policies
and regulations have a significant impact on the development of the industry. As our industry and our
business develop, we may need to modify our business model or change our services and solutions.
These changes may not achieve expected results, which could have a material adverse effect on our
results of operations and prospects.




                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2024      45
     PART I


                Furthermore, we may be unable to keep up with changes in electric vehicle technology and, as a
                result, our competitiveness may suffer. Our research and development efforts may not be sufficient
                to adapt to changes in electric vehicle technology. As technologies change, we plan to upgrade or
                adapt our vehicles and introduce new models in order to provide vehicles with the latest technology,
                in particular digital technologies, which could involve substantial costs and lower our return on
                investment for existing vehicles. There can be no assurance that we will be able to compete effectively
                with alternative vehicles or source and integrate the latest technology into our vehicles, against the
                backdrop of our rapidly evolving industry. Even if we are able to keep pace with changes in technology
                and develop new models, our prior models could become obsolete more quickly than expected,
                potentially reducing our return on investment.


                Developments in alternative technologies, such as advanced diesel, ethanol, fuel cells or compressed
                natural gas, or improvements in the fuel economy of the internal combustion engine, may materially
                and adversely affect our business and prospects in ways we do not currently anticipate. For example,
                fuel which is abundant and relatively inexpensive in China, such as compressed natural gas, may
                emerge as consumers’ preferred alternative to petroleum based propulsion. Any of our failure to
                successfully react to changes in existing technologies could materially harm our competitive position
                and growth prospects.


                We may be unable to adequately control the costs associated with our operations.

                We have required significant capital to develop and grow our business, including conducting research
                and development, manufacturing vehicles and enhancing production capacity, and establishing
                our power network and sales and service network. As our sales volume grows and our business
                rapidly develops, we expect to continue making significant investments in these areas. In addition,
                we may incur significant costs in connection with our services, including providing power solutions
                and honoring our commitments under our service package. Our ability to become profitable in the
                future will not only depend on our ability to successfully market our vehicles and other products and
                services but also to control our costs. If we are unable to cost efficiently design, manufacture, market
                and sell our vehicles and services, our margins, profitability and prospects will be materially and
                adversely affected.




46   NIO Inc.
                                                                                                PART I


We could experience cost increases or disruptions in supply of raw materials or other components
used in our vehicles.

We incur significant costs related to procuring raw materials required to manufacture and assemble
our vehicles. We use various raw materials in our vehicles including aluminum, steel, carbon fiber,
non-ferrous metals such as copper, lithium, nickel as well as cobalt. The prices for these raw
materials fluctuate depending on factors beyond our control, including market conditions and global
demand for these materials, and could adversely affect our business and operating results. Our
business also depends on the continued supply of batteries for our vehicles. Battery manufacturers
may refuse to supply electric vehicle manufacturers to the extent they determine that the vehicles
are not sufficiently safe. We are exposed to multiple risks relating to availability and pricing of quality
lithium-ion battery cells. These risks include:


•   the inability or unwillingness of current battery manufacturers to build or operate battery
    manufacturing plants to supply the numbers of lithium-ion cells required to support the growth of
    the electric or plug-in hybrid vehicle industry as demand for such cells increases;


•   disruption in the supply of cells due to quality issues or recalls by the battery manufacturers; and


•   an increase in the cost of raw materials, such as lithium, nickel and cobalt, used in lithium-ion
    cells.


Furthermore, currency fluctuations, tariffs or shortages in petroleum and other economic or political
conditions may result in significant increases in freight charges and raw material costs. Substantial
increases in the prices for our raw materials or components would increase our operating costs, and
could reduce our margins. In addition, a growth in popularity of electric vehicles without a significant
expansion in battery production capacity could result in shortages which would result in increased
costs in raw materials to us or impact of prospects.


Our business is subject to a variety of laws and regulations regarding cybersecurity, privacy, data
protection and information security in China and elsewhere. Any failure to comply with these laws
and regulations could subject us to significant adverse consequences.

We face significant challenges with respect to cybersecurity, privacy, data protection and information
security in China and other jurisdictions that we operate in, including the collection, storage,
transmission and sharing of information. We use our vehicles’ electronic systems to log information
about each vehicle’s use, such as charge time, battery usage, mileage and driving behavior, in order
to aid us in vehicle diagnostics, repair and maintenance, as well as to help us optimize the driving
and riding experience. Our users may object to the use of this data, which may hinder our capabilities
in conducting our business. We also transmit and store certain confidential and private information
of our vehicle buyers, including certain personal information such as names, accounts, user IDs and
passwords, and payment or transaction related information. Collection, transmission, possession and
use of our user’s data in conducting our business may subject us to legislative and regulatory burdens
in China and other jurisdictions that could require notification of any data breach, restrict our use of
such information and hinder our ability to acquire new customers or market to existing customers.




                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2024      47
     PART I


                We are required by PRC law to ensure the confidentiality, integrity, availability and authenticity of
                the information of our customers, which is also essential to maintaining their confidence in our
                vehicles and services. We have adopted strict information security policies and deployed advanced
                measures to implement the policies, including, among others, advanced encryption technologies.
                However, advances in technology, an increased level of sophistication and diversity of our products
                and services, an increased level of expertise of hackers, new discoveries in the field of cryptography
                or others can still result in a compromise or breach of the measures that we use. If we are unable to
                protect our systems, and hence the information stored in our systems, from unauthorized access,
                use, disclosure, disruption, modification or destruction, such problems or security breaches could
                cause a loss, give rise to our liabilities to the owners of information or even subject us to fines and
                penalties. If users allege that we have improperly collected, used, transmitted, released or disclosed
                their personal information, we could face legal claims and reputational damage. In addition, we may
                incur significant expenses to comply with privacy, consumer protection and security standards and
                protocols imposed by laws, regulations, industry standards or contractual obligations, some of which
                may not be compatible with our existing business practice. If third parties improperly obtain and use
                the personal information of our users, we may be required to expend significant resources to resolve
                these problems. In December 2022, we were made aware that certain user information and vehicle
                sales information in China before August 2021 was for sale on the internet by third parties for illegal
                purposes. We followed the PRC legal requirements on data leakage incident settlement, and also
                issued a public statement in China related to the incident, including providing a dedicated hotline and
                an email address to respond to user queries regarding the data leakage. We have also undertaken the
                responsibilities for the loss that the users may incur, if any, in connection with the data leakage. As
                of the date of this annual report, we are not aware of significant issues related to the security of our
                electronic systems.


                In general, we expect that data security and data protection compliance will receive greater attention
                and focus from regulators, both domestically and globally, as well as attract continued or greater
                public scrutiny and attention going forward, which could increase our compliance costs and subject
                us to heightened risks and challenges associated with data security and protection. Significant
                capital and other resources may be required to protect against data security breaches or to alleviate
                problems caused by such breaches or to comply with our privacy policies or privacy-related legal
                obligations. The resources required may increase over time as the methods used by hackers and
                others engaged in online criminal activities are increasingly sophisticated and constantly evolving.
                Any of our failure or perceived failure to prevent data security breaches or to comply with privacy
                policies or privacy-related legal requirements, or any security breach that results in the unauthorized
                release or transfer of personally identifiable information or other customer data, could cause our
                customers to lose trust in us and could expose us to legal claims. Any perception by the public that
                online transactions or the privacy of user information are becoming increasingly unsafe or vulnerable
                to attacks could inhibit the growth of online retail and other online services generally, which may
                reduce the number of orders we receive.




48   NIO Inc.
                                                                                              PART I


The PRC regulatory and enforcement regime with regard to data security and data protection is
evolving and may be subject to different interpretations or significant changes. Moreover, different
PRC regulatory bodies, including the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress of
China, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, the CAC, the Ministry of Public Security,
and the State Administration for Market Regulation have enforced a variety of laws and regulations
regarding cybersecurity, privacy, data protection and information security with varying standards
and applications in recent years, including, among others, the PRC National Security Law, the
PRC Cyber Security Law, the PRC Personal Information Protection Law, the PRC Data Security
Law, the Regulations on the Protection of the Security of Critical Information Infrastructure, the
Cybersecurity Review Measures, the Several Provisions on Automobile Data Security Management
(Trial Implementation), the Administration Measures on Data Security in the Field of Industry and
Information Technology (Trial Implementation), the Measures for the Security Assessment of Data
Exit, the Measures on the Standard Contract for Cross-border Transfer of Personal Information,
the Provisions on Promoting and Regulating Cross-border Data Flows, the Implementing Rules for
the Risk Assessment of Data Security in the Field of Industry and Information Technology (Trial
Implementation) and the Regulation on Network Data Security Management. See “Item 4. Information
on the Company – B. Business Overview – Regulations – Regulations on Internet Information Security
and Privacy Protection.” The following are examples of certain recent PRC regulatory activities in this
area:


Many of the data-related legislations are relatively new and certain concepts thereunder remain
subject to interpretation by the regulators. Moreover, different PRC regulatory bodies have enforced
data privacy and protections laws and regulations with varying standards and applications. In general,
compliance with the existing PRC laws and regulations, as well as additional laws and regulations
that PRC regulatory bodies may enact in the future, related to data security and personal information
protection, may be costly and result in additional expenses to us, and subject us to negative publicity,
which could harm our reputation and business operations. There are also uncertainties with respect
to how such laws and regulations will be implemented and interpreted in practice. In particular, we
are subject to the following significant data-related regulations:




                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024      49
     PART I


                Data Security

                In December 2021, the CAC, together with other authorities, jointly promulgated the Cybersecurity
                Review Measures, which took effect on February 15, 2022 and replaces its predecessor regulation.
                Pursuant to the Cybersecurity Review Measures, critical information infrastructure operators that
                procure internet products and services and network platform operators that conduct data process
                activities must be subject to the cybersecurity review if their activities affect or may affect national
                security. The Cybersecurity Review Measures further stipulates that network platform operators
                that hold personal information of over one million users shall apply with the Cybersecurity Review
                Office for a cybersecurity review before any public offering at a foreign stock exchange. PRC
                governmental authorities may also initiate cybersecurity review if they determine certain network
                products, services, or data processing activities affect or may affect national security. As of the date
                of this annual report, (i) no detailed rules or implementation rules have been officially published
                or released by any authority; (ii) the scope of “network products or services or data processing
                activities that will or may affect national security” and the scope of operators of “critical information
                infrastructure” remains unclear; and (iii) the PRC government authorities may have wide discretion
                in the interpretation and enforcement of the applicable laws. As of the date of this annual report, we
                have not been informed that we are a “critical information infrastructure operator” by any government
                authorities.


                In September 2024, the State Council promulgated the Regulation on Network Data Security
                Management, which took effect January 1, 2025. This regulation restates and further specifies the
                additional legal requirements for personal information, important data, cross-border data transfer,
                network platform services, and data security. Among others, this regulation requires that if the
                network data processing activities affects or may affect national security, such activities shall be
                subject to national security review in accordance with relevant laws and regulations. However,
                there have been no clarifications from the authorities as of the date of this annual report as to the
                standards for determining whether an activity is one that “affects or may affect national security.”


                In the past, the PRC government has initiated cybersecurity reviews against a number of mobile
                applications operated by several US-listed Chinese companies and prohibited applications from
                registering new users during the review period. We expect that cybersecurity and data protection
                issues will receive greater and continued attention and scrutiny from regulators and the public
                going forward, which could increase our compliance costs and subject us to heightened risks
                and challenges associated with data security and protection, as well as negative publicity. If the
                Cybersecurity Review Measures and the Regulation on Network Data Security Management mandate
                clearance of cybersecurity review and other specific actions to be taken by overseas listed companies
                like us, we face uncertainties as to whether we can complete these additional procedures timely, or
                at all, which may subject us to government enforcement actions and investigations, fines, penalties,
                revocation of the required licenses, suspension of our non-compliant operations, or removal of our
                mobile application from the application stores, and materially and adversely affect our business and
                results of operations. As of the date of this annual report, we have not been involved in any formal
                investigations on cybersecurity review made by the CAC on such basis.




50   NIO Inc.
                                                                                                PART I


Personal Information and Privacy

On August 16, 2021, the CAC, the NDRC, the Ministry of Public Security, the Ministry of Industry and
Information Technology and the Ministry of Transport jointly promulgated the Several Provisions on
Automobile Data Security Management (Trial Implementation), which impose a series of additional
personal information and data security protection obligations on automobile data processors like
us, including, among other things, (i) in-car processing of automobile data in principle, (ii) enhanced
notification and consent requirements, (iii) enhanced individual control over their automobile
personal information, and (iv) submitting annual report for processing automobile important data. We
may be required to make further adjustments to our business practices to comply with the personal
information and data protection laws and regulations.


In addition to the aforementioned PRC regulations, regulatory authorities in the U.S., Europe and
elsewhere around the world have adopted or are considering a number of legislative and regulatory
proposals concerning data protection. These legislative and regulatory proposals, if adopted, and the
uncertain interpretations and application thereof could, in addition to the possibility of fines, result in
an order requiring that we change our data practices and policies, which could have an adverse effect
on our business and results of operations. For example, the European Union adopted the European
Union General Data Protection Regulation, which took effect on May 25, 2018. This regulation
includes operational requirements for companies that receive or process personal data of residents
of the European Economic Area, and establishes new requirements applicable to the processing of
personal data, affords new data protection rights to individuals and imposes penalties for serious
data breaches. Individuals also have a right to compensation under this regulation for financial or
non-financial losses. As we offer our products and services in European market, we are subject to
provisions of this regulation.


Our business depends significantly on our ability to build our brands. We may not succeed in
continuing to establish, maintain and strengthen our brands.

Our business and prospects are heavily dependent on our ability to develop, maintain and strengthen
our brands. If we do not continue to establish, maintain and strengthen our brands, we may lose
the opportunity to build a critical mass of customers. Promoting and positioning our brands will
likely depend significantly on our ability to provide high quality vehicles and services, implement
competitive marketing strategies, and engage with our customers as intended, and we have limited
experience in these areas. In addition, we expect that our ability to develop, maintain and strengthen
our brands will depend heavily on the success of our user development and branding efforts. Such
efforts mainly include building a community of online and offline users engaged with us through our
mobile application, expanding our physical stores, placing online advertisements as well as holding
other branding initiatives such as our annual NIO Day and the launch events for our new products
and innovative technologies. Moreover, we are also continuously expanding our branding channels,
such as placing offline advertisements and hosting online live streams to increase our brand
awareness. Such efforts may not achieve the desired results. To promote our brands, we may be
required to change our user development and branding practices, which could result in substantially
increased expenses, including the need to use traditional media, offline advertisements as well as
other promotional methods. If we do not develop and maintain a strong brand image, our business,
prospects, financial condition and operating results will be materially and adversely impacted.



                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2024      51
     PART I


                Additionally, we have adopted a multi-brand operating strategy, launching two new electric vehicle
                brands in 2024, positioned and priced in a manner that varies from our “NIO” brand and our current
                vehicle models. In May 2024, we launched our family-oriented smart electric vehicle brand, ONVO,
                as well as its first vehicle model, the L60, a smart electric mid-size family SUV. In December 2024,
                we unveiled our small smart high-end electric car brand, firefly, and debuted its vehicle model. The
                development of new brands within the electric vehicle market involves substantial risks related to
                market differentiation and consumer acceptance. Establishing a clear position and price range for
                these new brands in an already competitive landscape requires significant investment in product
                design and development, branding and marketing efforts. We also face the inherent uncertainty
                of consumer response to the new brands, which poses a risk to achieving the desired market
                penetration and sales volumes. Moreover, introducing new brands could cause potential dilution
                to the brand equity of our “NIO” brand and the diversion of our resources, leading to potential
                inefficiencies. Moreover, the vehicles under the new brands could potentially cannibalize sales
                from our vehicles under the NIO brand, adversely affecting our current market position and revenue
                streams. Furthermore, if any of our brands are poorly received by customers, the overall image of
                our company may be adversely affected, and the negative receptions may have spillover effects to
                our other brands. Any of the foregoing could materially and adversely affect our ability to grow our
                business and our results of operations.


                In addition, if incidents occur or are perceived to have occurred, whether or not such incidents are
                our fault, we could be subject to adverse publicity. In particular, given the popularity of social media,
                any negative publicity, whether true or not, could quickly proliferate and harm consumer perceptions
                and confidence in our brands. Furthermore, there is the risk of potential adverse publicity related
                to our business and other partners, whether or not such publicity related to their collaboration with
                us. Although we have transitioned to independent manufacturing, any product quality issues with
                vehicles that were historically jointly manufactured by our partners and us could adversely harm our
                brands and reputation.


                Furthermore, from time to time, our vehicles are evaluated and reviewed by third-party media or
                review organizations. Any negative reviews or reviews which compare us unfavorably to competitors
                could adversely affect consumer perception about our vehicles.




52   NIO Inc.
                                                                                              PART I


Our business depends substantially on the continuing efforts of our executive officers, key
employees and qualified personnel, and our operations may be severely disrupted if we lose their
services.

Our success depends substantially on the continued efforts of our executive officers and key
employees. If one or more of our executive officers or key employees were unable or unwilling to
continue their services with us, we might not be able to replace them easily, in a timely manner,
or at all. As we build our brands and become more well-known, the risk that competitors or other
companies may poach our talent increases. Our industry is characterized by high demand and intense
competition for talent and therefore we cannot assure you that we will be able to attract or retain
qualified staff or other highly skilled employees. In addition, because our electric vehicles are based
on a different technology platform than traditional ICE vehicles, individuals with sufficient training in
electric vehicles may not be available to hire, and we will need to expend significant time and expense
training the employees we hire. We also require sufficient talent in areas such as assisted and
intelligent driving, software development. Furthermore, as our company is relatively young, our ability
to train and integrate new employees into our operations may not meet the growing demands of our
business, which may materially and adversely affect our ability to grow our business and our results
of operations.


If any of our executive officers and key employees terminates his or her services with us, our business
may be severely disrupted, our financial condition and results of operations may be materially
and adversely affected and we may incur additional expenses to recruit, train and retain qualified
personnel. We have not obtained any “key person” insurance on our key personnel. If any of our
executive officers or key employees joins a competitor or forms a competing company, we may lose
customers, know-how and key professionals and staff members. To the extent permitted by laws,
each of our executive officers and key employees has entered into an employment agreement and a
non-compete agreement with us. However, if any dispute arises between our executive officers or key
employees and us, the non-competition provisions contained in their non-compete agreements may
not be enforceable, especially in China, where these executive officers reside, on the ground that we
have not provided adequate compensation to them for their non-competition obligations, which is
required under PRC laws.


Our future growth is dependent on the demand for, and upon consumers’ willingness to adopt,
electric vehicles.

Demand for automobile sales depends to a large extent on economic, political and social conditions
in a given market and the introduction of new vehicles and technologies. As our business grows,
economic conditions and trends will impact our business, prospects and operating results as well.


Demand for our electric vehicles may also be affected by factors directly impacting automobile prices
or the cost of purchasing and operating automobiles, such as sales and financing incentives, prices of
raw materials and parts and components, cost of fuel and governmental regulations, including tariffs,
import regulation and other taxes. Volatility in demand may lead to lower vehicle unit sales, which
may result in further downward price pressure and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial
condition and operating results.




                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2024      53
     PART I


                In addition, the demand for our vehicles and services will highly depend upon the adoption by
                consumers of new energy vehicles in general and electric vehicles in particular. The market for new
                energy vehicles is still rapidly evolving, characterized by rapidly changing technologies, evolving
                government regulation and industry standards and changing consumer demands and behaviors.


                Other factors that may influence the adoption of alternative fuel vehicles, and specifically electric
                vehicles, include:


                •   perceptions about electric vehicle quality, safety, design, performance and cost, especially if
                    adverse events or accidents occur that are linked to the quality or safety of electric vehicles,
                    whether or not such vehicles are produced by us or other companies;


                •   perceptions about vehicle safety in general, in particular safety issues that may be attributed to
                    the use of advanced technology;


                •   the limited range over which electric vehicles may be driven on a single battery charge and the
                    speed at which batteries can be recharged;


                •   the decline of an electric vehicle’s range resulting from deterioration over time in the battery’s
                    ability to hold a charge;


                •   concerns about electric grid capacity and reliability;


                •   the availability of new energy vehicles, including plug-in hybrid electric vehicles;


                •   improvements in the fuel economy of the internal combustion engine;


                •   the availability of service for electric vehicles;


                •   the environmental consciousness of consumers;


                •   access to charging stations, standardization of electric vehicle charging systems and consumers’
                    perceptions about convenience and cost to charge an electric vehicle;


                •   the availability of tax and other governmental incentives to purchase and operate electric vehicles
                    or future regulation requiring increased use of nonpolluting vehicles;


                •   perceptions about and the actual cost of alternative fuel; and


                •   macroeconomic factors.


                Any of the factors described above may cause current or potential customers not to purchase our
                electric vehicles and use our services. If the market for electric vehicles does not develop as we
                expect or develops more slowly than we expect, our business, prospects, financial condition and
                operating results will be affected.



54   NIO Inc.
                                                                                             PART I


We are subject to risks related to customer credit.

We offer auto financing arrangements to users directly through our subsidiaries. Under the
financing arrangements we typically receive a small portion of the total vehicle purchase price at the
commencement of the financing term, followed by a stream of payments over the financing term.
To the extent our users fail to make payments on time under any of the foregoing arrangements,
our results of operations may be adversely affected. As of December 31, 2024, the amount of auto
financing receivables was RMB1,656.9 million (US$227.0 million). As we continue to grow our
business, we may increase the amount of our auto financing receivables. We may fail to effectively
manage the credit risks related to our auto financing arrangements. To the extent our users default
on their obligations to us or fail to make payments on time under any of the foregoing arrangements,
our results of operations may be adversely affected.


We may be exposed to credit risk of trade receivables.

Our trade receivables primarily include amounts of vehicle sales in relation of government subsidy to
be collected from government on behalf of customers, current portion of auto financing receivables,
current portion of battery installment and others. We have identified the risk characteristics of our
customers and the related receivables, prepayments, deposits and other receivables which include
size, type of the services or the products we provide, or a combination of these characteristics.
Receivables with similar risk characteristics have been grouped into pools. For each pool, we consider
the historical credit loss, current economic conditions, supportable forecasts of future economic
conditions, and any recoveries in assessing the lifetime expected credit losses. Other key factors that
influence the expected credit loss analysis include customer demographics, payment terms offered
in the normal course of business to customers, and industry-specific factors that could impact our
receivables. Additionally, external data and macroeconomic factors are also considered. In 2023,
we reversed RMB26.3 million expected credit loss expense in selling, general and administrative
expenses. In 2024, we reversed RMB3.8 million (US$0.5 million) expected credit loss expense in
selling, general and administrative expenses. As of December 31, 2024, the expected credit loss
provision for the current and non-current assets were RMB110.0 million (US$15.1 million). We cannot
assure you that all of our customers will not default on their obligations to us in the future, despite
our efforts to conduct credit assessment on them.




                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024      55
     PART I


                We face inventory risks that, if not properly managed, could harm our financial condition, operating
                results, and prospects.

                We are exposed to significant inventory risks that may adversely affect our operating results as
                a result of increased competition, seasonality, new model launches, rapid changes in vehicle life
                cycles and pricing, defective vehicles, changes in consumer demand and consumer spending
                patterns, and other factors. We endeavor to accurately predict these trends and avoid overstocking or
                understocking issues. Demand for our vehicles, however, can change significantly between the time
                inventory or components are ordered and the date of sale. We endeavor to coordinate various aspects
                of our operations to match anticipated customer demand, including procurement, manufacturing,
                storage, transportation, among others. However, if our prediction does not align with the actual
                demand, we will likely incur additional costs due to over – or under – procurement of components,
                inventory buildup and possibly significant inventory write-down, or production shortfalls and delivery
                delays. Poor inventory management may also make it more difficult for us to inspect and control
                quality and ensure proper handling, storage and delivery. We may experience higher return rates on
                new vehicles, receive more customer complaints about them and face costly product liability claims
                as a result of selling them, which would harm our brands and reputation as well as our financial
                performance.


                We might not be able to fulfil our obligation in respect of deferred revenue, which might have
                impact on our cash or liquidity position.

                Our recognition of deferred revenue is subject to future performance obligations, mainly including
                the transaction price allocated to the performance obligations that are unsatisfied, or partially
                satisfied, which mainly arises from the extended warranty services, battery swapping services,
                vehicle connectivity services, and points and coupons offered to customers. We may have multiple
                performance obligations identified in the vehicle sales contract and the sales of packages to
                transfer goods or services to a customer for which we have received consideration, or an amount of
                consideration is due, from the customer, which is recorded as deferred revenue. Due to potential
                future changes in customer preferences and the need for us to satisfactorily perform product support
                and other services, deferred revenue at any particular date may not be representative of actual
                revenue for any future period. Any failure to fulfil the obligations in respect of deferred revenue may
                have an adverse impact on our results of operations and liquidity.




56   NIO Inc.
                                                                                               PART I


Fluctuation of fair value change of short-term and long-term investments that we made may
adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations, and prospects.

The fluctuation in the fair value of our short-term and long-term investments could adversely affect
our financial condition, results of operations and prospects. For the years ended December 31, 2022,
2023 and 2024, our short-term investments consisted primarily of investments in fixed deposits with
maturities between three months and one year, investments in money market funds and financial
products issued by banks, and our long-term investments consisted primarily of equity investments
in publicly traded companies and privately-held companies, and debt security investments.
Determining the fair value of our short-term and long-term investments involves using certain
valuation methodologies, which rely heavily on management judgment and are inherently uncertain.
Factors beyond our control, such as changes in general economic conditions, market liquidity, asset
values, and the performance of the companies we invested in, can lead to adverse changes in the
estimates we use, thereby adversely affecting the fair value of our investments. In addition, we are
exposed to credit risks in relation to our short-term and long-term investments, which may further
affect the net changes in their fair value. We cannot assure you that market conditions will result
in fair value gains on our short-term and long-term investments or we will not incur any fair value
losses on these investments in the future. If we incur such fair value losses, our results of operations,
financial condition and prospects may be adversely affected.


We may become subject to product liability claims, which could harm our financial condition and
liquidity if we are not able to successfully defend or insure against such claims.

We may become subject to product liability claims, which could harm our business, prospects,
operating results and financial condition. The automotive industry experiences significant product
liability claims and we face inherent risk of exposure to claims in the event our vehicles do not perform
as expected or malfunction resulting in property damage, personal injury or death. Our risks in this
area are particularly pronounced given we have limited field experience of our vehicles. In addition, we
may be subject to product liability claims for defective components and parts that are manufactured
by our third-party partners. A successful product liability claim against us could require us to pay a
substantial monetary award. Moreover, a product liability claim could generate substantial negative
publicity about our vehicles and business and inhibit or prevent commercialization of our future
vehicle candidates which would have a material adverse effect on our brands, business, prospects
and operating results. Any insurance coverage might not be sufficient to cover all potential product
liability claims. Any lawsuit seeking significant monetary damages may have a material adverse effect
on our reputation, business and financial condition.




                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024     57
     PART I


                Our vehicles are subject to motor vehicle standards and the failure to satisfy such mandated safety
                standards would have a material adverse effect on our business and operating results.

                All vehicles sold must comply with various standards of the market where the vehicles were sold. In
                China, vehicles must meet or exceed all mandated safety standards. Rigorous testing and the use
                of approved materials and equipment are among the requirements for achieving such standards.
                Vehicles must pass various tests and undergo a certification process and be affixed with the China
                Compulsory Certificate mark, before receiving delivery from the factory, being sold, or being used
                in any commercial activity. In addition, the Opinion on Strengthening the Access Administration
                of Intelligent Connected Vehicles Manufacturing Enterprises and Their Products requires vehicles
                manufacturing enterprises to ensure the compliance of vehicle products with laws, regulations,
                technical standards and technical specification and file for record with the Ministry of Industry and
                Information Technology prior to over-the-air updates, and shall file with the Ministry of Industry
                and Information Technology in the event of any change to the safety, energy saving, environment
                protection, anti-theft and other technical parameters and shall ensure conformance by vehicle
                products and production. Without the approval, no over-the-air update shall be conducted to add or
                update the autonomous driving function. Any delays or lags of the over-the-air updates due to the
                Ministry of Industry and Information Technology prior filing procedures may materially and adversely
                affect our business and operating results. Furthermore, given we commenced delivery of our vehicles
                in international markets, we are also subject to mandated safety standards in these markets. If we
                fail to have any of our current or future vehicle models satisfy motor vehicle standards or any new
                laws and regulations in China and other markets where our vehicles are sold, it would have a material
                adverse effect on our business and operating results.


                We may be compelled to undertake product recalls or take other actions, which could adversely
                affect our brand image and financial performance.

                Recalls of our vehicles can cause adverse publicity, damage to our brands and liability for costs.
                We have initiated product recalls in the past. In the future, we may at various times, voluntarily or
                involuntarily, initiate a recall if any of our vehicles, including any systems or parts sourced from our
                suppliers, prove to be defective or non-compliant with applicable laws and regulations. Such recalls,
                whether voluntary or involuntary or caused by systems or components that we or our suppliers
                engineered or manufactured, could involve significant expense and could adversely affect our brand
                image in our target markets, as well as our business, prospects, financial condition and results of
                operations.




58   NIO Inc.
                                                                                                PART I


The long-term viability of our distribution model is unproven.

Our vehicles are generally made to order. In China, we conduct vehicle sales directly to users rather
than through dealerships. This model of vehicle distribution subjects us to substantial risk as it
requires, in the aggregate, significant expenditures and provides for slower expansion and less
coverage of our distribution and sales systems than may be possible by utilizing the traditional dealer
franchise system commonly applied for the sales of ICE vehicles and other EV companies. Moreover,
we will be competing with companies with well established distribution channels. Our success will
depend in large part on our ability to effectively develop our own sales channels and marketing
strategies. Implementing our business model is subject to numerous significant challenges, including
obtaining permits and approvals from government authorities, and we may not be successful
in addressing these challenges. In overseas markets, we adopt more diverse sales approaches,
including cooperating with business partners. However, as we are less familiar with overseas markets
and may not have sufficient understanding and experience with cooperating with overseas partners or
adapting to local economic and political conditions, our overseas sales model may not be as efficient
as we anticipate and may continuously evolve, potentially requiring us to incur higher expenses. In
addition, the lead time in fulfilling our orders could lead to cancelled orders. If we are unable to timely
fulfil our orders, our customer satisfaction could be adversely affected, harming our business and
reputation.


Our financial results may vary significantly from period to period due to the seasonality of our
business and fluctuations in our operating costs.

Our operating results may vary significantly from period to period due to many factors, including
seasonal factors that may have an effect on the demand for our electric vehicles. In the past few
years, demand for new vehicles in the automotive industry in China was generally higher in the fourth
quarter and lower during the Chinese New Year period. Such variation may or may not continue in the
future. Our limited operating history makes it difficult for us to judge the exact nature or extent of
the seasonality of our business. Also, any unusually severe weather conditions in some markets may
impact demand for our vehicles. The seasonal fluctuations in the demand for our vehicles may have
a negative impact on our cash flow and could adversely affect our liquidity position. Our operating
results could also suffer if we do not achieve revenue consistent with our expectations for this
seasonal demand because many of our expenses are based on anticipated levels of annual revenue.


We also expect our period-to-period operating results to vary based on our operating costs which may
increase in future periods as we, among other things, design, develop and manufacture our electric
vehicles, research and develop core technologies, build and equip new manufacturing facilities,
develop our power network, expand our sales and service network, and increase our sales and
marketing activities to support our operations.


As a result of these factors, we believe that period-to-period comparisons of our operating results are
not necessarily meaningful and that these comparisons cannot be relied upon as indicators of future
performance. Moreover, our operating results may not meet expectations of equity research analysts
or investors. If this occurs, the trading price of our ADSs could fall substantially either suddenly or
over time.




                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2024      59
     PART I


                If our vehicle owners customize our vehicles or change the charging infrastructure with aftermarket
                products, the vehicle may not operate properly, which may create negative publicity and could
                harm our business.

                Automobile enthusiasts may seek to “hack” our vehicles to modify their performance which could
                compromise vehicle safety systems. Also, customers may customize their vehicles with after-
                market parts that can compromise driver safety. We do not test, nor do we endorse, such changes
                or products. In addition, the use of improper external cabling or unsafe charging outlets can expose
                our customers to injury from high voltage electricity. Such unauthorized modifications could reduce
                the safety of our vehicles and any injuries resulting from such modifications could result in adverse
                publicity which would negatively affect our brands and harm our business, prospects, financial
                condition and operating results.


                We are subject to risks related to the investment in NIO China.

                In February 2020, we entered into a collaboration framework agreement with the municipal
                government of Hefei, Anhui province, where our manufacturing hub is located. Subsequently from
                April to June 2020, we entered into definitive agreements, as amended and supplemented, or the
                Previous Hefei Agreements, for investments in NIO China with a group of investors, which we refer
                to as the Hefei Strategic Investors in this annual report. Under the Previous Hefei Agreements, the
                Hefei Strategic Investors agreed to invest an aggregate of RMB7 billion in cash into NIO Holding Co.,
                Ltd. (previously known as NIO (Anhui) Holding Co., Ltd.), or NIO China, a legal entity that we wholly
                owned pre-investment. We agreed to inject our core businesses and assets in China, including vehicle
                research and development, supply chain, sales and services and NIO Power, collectively referred to
                as the Asset Consideration, valued at RMB17.77 billion in total, into NIO China, and invest RMB4.26
                billion in cash into NIO China.


                On March 30, 2024, we entered into a shareholders agreement, or the 2024 Hefei Shareholders
                Agreement with (i) Hefei Jianheng New Energy Automobile Investment Fund Partnership (Limited
                Partnership), or Jianheng New Energy Fund, (ii) Advanced Manufacturing Industry Investment Fund
                II (Limited Partnership), or Advanced Manufacturing Industry Investment Fund, (iii) Anhui Jintong
                New Energy Automobile II Fund Partnership (Limited Partnership), or New Energy Automobile Fund,
                and (iv) Anhui Provincial Sanzhong Yichuang Industry Development Fund Co., Ltd., or Anhui Sanzhong
                Yichuang. The 2024 Hefei Shareholders Agreement amended certain shareholders’ rights in NIO China
                and superseded the Previous Hefei Shareholders Agreement (as defined below).




60   NIO Inc.
                                                                                              PART I


In September 2024, we entered into definitive agreements for investment in NIO China, or the NIO
China Series B Investment Agreements, with Jianheng New Energy Fund, Anhui Provincial Emerging
Industry Investment Co., Ltd., or Anhui High-tech Co., and CS Capital Co., Ltd., which we collectively
refer to as the Initial NIO China Series B Strategic Investors. Pursuant to the NIO China Series B
Investment Agreements, each investor may transfer its rights, interests and obligations under the NIO
China Series B Investment Agreements to its affiliates or a third party agreed by us. Subsequently,
on December 28, 2024, we entered into supplemental agreements to the NIO China Series B
Investment Agreements, or the NIO China Series B Supplemental Agreements, with the Initial Series
B Strategic Investors and their respective designated entities, which we collectively refer to as the
NIO China Series B Strategic Investors, pursuant to which (i) Jianheng New Energy Fund transferred
its rights, interests and obligations under the NIO China Series B Investment Agreements to Hefei
Jianxiang Investment Co., Ltd., and (ii) Anhui High-tech Co. transferred its rights, interests and
obligations under the NIO China Series B Investment Agreements to Anhui Emerging Industry Yuwen
Weiyuan Technology Partnership Enterprise (Limited Partnership). Pursuant to the NIO China Series
B Investment Agreements and the NIO China Series B Supplemental Agreements, the NIO China
Series B Strategic Investors agreed to invest an aggregate of RMB3.3 billion in cash to subscribe for
newly issued shares of NIO China, and we agreed to invest an aggregate of RMB10 billion in cash to
subscribe for newly issued shares of NIO China, which we collectively refer to as the NIO China Series
B Investment. As of the date of this annual report, the NIO China Series B Strategic Investors have
injected an aggregate of RMB2.8 billion in cash into NIO China, while we have injected an aggregate of
RMB10 billion in cash into NIO China. As of the date of this annual report, we currently hold 89.0% of
controlling equity interest in NIO China. We and the NIO China Series B Strategic Investors are working
towards the completion of the remaining portion of the previously announced investment transaction.
Upon completion, we will hold 88.25% of controlling equity interest in NIO China, while the NIO China
Strategic Investors will collectively hold the remaining 11.75% of equity interest in NIO China.


In connection with the NIO China Series B Investment, we entered into a new shareholders agreement,
or the NIO China Series B Shareholders Agreement, with the NIO China Series B Strategic Investors
and the other existing shareholders of NIO China, which we collectively referred to as NIO China
Strategic Investors. The NIO China Series B Shareholders Agreement amended certain shareholders’
rights in NIO China and superseded the 2024 Hefei Shareholders Agreement. Pursuant to the NIO
China Series B Shareholders Agreement, NIO China granted certain minority shareholders’ rights to
the NIO China Strategic Investors, including, among others, the right of first refusal, co-sale right,
preemptive right, anti-dilution right, redemption right, liquidation preference and conditional drag-
along right. You would not enjoy these preferential rights or treatment through investing in our ADSs
and the underlying ordinary shares. Exercise of these preferential rights by the NIO China Strategic
Investors may also adversely affect your investment in our company.




                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2024    61
     PART I


                In particular, the NIO China Strategic Investors may require us to redeem the shares of NIO China
                they hold upon the occurrence of certain triggering events, at a redemption price equal to the higher
                of: (i) the total investment amount paid by the NIO China Strategic Investor, plus an investment
                income calculated at a compound rate of 8.5% (with respect to NIO China Series A Investment) or
                7.5% (with respect to NIO China Series B Investment) per annum; and (ii) the value of the equity
                interests requested for redemption by the NIO China Strategic Investor, based on the post-investment
                valuation of NIO China and its affiliates and controlled entities in the most recent financing round.
                If any of the triggering events of redemption occurs, we will need substantial capital to redeem the
                shares of NIO China held by the NIO China Strategic Investors, and the value of your investment in our
                company will be negatively affected. In particular, if NIO China fails to complete the listing application
                or to issue the material assets restructuring plan related to the qualified initial public offering before
                December 31, 2027, or fails to complete the qualified initial public offering before December 31, 2028,
                the NIO China Strategic Investors may request us to redeem the equity interest in NIO China then
                held by them. In addition, if we pursue the initial public offering of NIO China, we will be subject to
                various requirements under the Hong Kong Listing Rules and practice notes, including, among others,
                the requirement in the level of operations and assets of the remaining business in our company
                following the spin-off to maintain listing status, the approval of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
                and shareholder approval. As a result, the application for and the completion of the qualified initial
                public offering are subject to substantial uncertainties. If we do not have adequate cash available
                or cannot obtain additional financing, or our use of cash is restricted by applicable laws, regulations
                or agreements governing our current or future indebtedness, we may not be able to redeem shares
                of NIO China when required under the NIO China Series B Shareholders Agreement, which would
                constitute an event of default under the NIO China Series B Shareholders Agreement and subject us
                to liabilities.


                In addition, before NIO China completes its potential qualified initial public offering, without the
                prior written consent of the NIO China Strategic Investors, we may not directly or indirectly transfer,
                pledge or otherwise dispose of NIO China’s shares to a third party that may result in our shareholding
                in NIO China falling below 60%. For more information, see “Item 4. Information on the Company –
                B. Business Overview – Certain Other Cooperation Arrangements – NIO China Strategic Investors”
                included elsewhere in this annual report.


                Because we have injected the core businesses and assets into NIO China, the NIO China Strategic
                Investors will have senior claims over the assets of NIO China compared to NIO China’s other
                shareholders (i.e., our other subsidiaries) when a liquidation event of NIO China occurs. As a result,
                holders of our Class A ordinary shares and ADSs will be structurally subordinated to the NIO China
                Strategic Investors, which may negatively affect the value of the investment of ADS holders and
                holders of Class A ordinary shares in our company. We may not have sufficient funding to repay our
                existing debts. We essentially control the daily operation of and substantially all of the corporate
                matters of NIO China. Notwithstanding this, the NIO China Strategic Investors have voting rights with
                respect to various significant corporate matters of NIO China and its consolidated entities, such as
                change in NIO China’s corporate structure, change of its core business and amendment to its articles
                of association, which may limit our ability to make certain major corporate decisions with regard
                to NIO China. Any of the foregoing could materially adversely affect your investment in our Class A
                ordinary shares and ADSs.



62   NIO Inc.
                                                                                                PART I


Our business plans require a significant amount of capital, and we may issue additional equity or
debt securities that may have an adverse effect on our shareholders or may otherwise adversely
affect our business.

We operate in the electric vehicle industry, which is highly capital-intensive. We will need significant
capital to, among other things, conduct research and development and expand our production
capacity as well as roll out our power network, and sales and service network. As we ramp up our
production capacity and operations, we may also require significant capital to maintain our property,
plant and equipment and such costs may be greater than anticipated. We expect our capital
expenditures to continue to be significant in the foreseeable future as we expand our business, and
that our level of capital expenditures will be significantly affected by user demand for our products
and services. The fact that we have a limited operating history means we have limited historical data
on the demand for our products and services. As a result, our future capital requirements may be
uncertain and actual capital requirements may be different from those we currently anticipate. We
may seek equity or debt financing to finance a portion of our capital expenditures. Such financing
might not be available to us in a timely manner or on terms that are acceptable, or at all. Our
substantial amount of currently outstanding indebtedness may also affect our ability to obtain
financing in a timely manner and on reasonable terms.


Our ability to obtain the necessary financing to carry out our business plan is subject to a number
of factors, including general market conditions and investor acceptance of our business plan.
These factors may make the timing, amount, terms and conditions of such financing unattractive or
unavailable to us. If we are unable to raise sufficient funds, we will have to significantly reduce our
spending of, delay or cancel some or all of our planned research, development, manufacturing and
marketing activities or substantially change our corporate structure, any of which could materially
harm our business. We might not be able to obtain any funding, and we might not have sufficient
resources to conduct our business as projected, both of which could mean that we would be forced to
curtail or discontinue our operations.


In addition, our future capital needs and other business reasons could require us to issue additional
equity or debt securities or obtain a credit facility. If we raise funds through the issuance of additional
equity or debt, including convertible notes or debt secured by some or all of our assets, holders of
any debt securities or preferred shares issued will have rights, preferences and privileges senior to
those of holders of our ordinary shares in the event of liquidation. The terms of the convertible notes
we issued do not restrict our ability to issue additional debt. If additional debt is issued, there is a
possibility that once all senior claims are settled, there may be no assets remaining to pay out to the
holders of ordinary shares. In addition, if we raise funds through the issuance of additional equity,
whether through private placements or public offerings, such an issuance would dilute ownership of
our current shareholders that do not participate in the issuance.




                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2024      63
     PART I


                Furthermore, the terms of any additional debt securities we may issue in the future may impose
                restrictions on our operations, which may include limiting our ability to incur additional indebtedness,
                pay dividends on or repurchase our share capital, or make certain acquisitions or investments. In
                addition, we may be subject to covenants requiring us to satisfy certain financial tests and ratios, and
                our ability to satisfy such covenants may be affected by events outside of our control.


                The terms of the convertible notes we issued could delay or prevent an attempt to take over our
                company. The terms of the 2026 Notes, 2027 Notes, 2029 Notes and 2030 Notes require us to
                repurchase the respective notes in the event of a fundamental change. A takeover of our company
                would constitute a fundamental change. This could have the effect of delaying or preventing a
                takeover of our company that may otherwise be beneficial to our shareholders.


                Our warranty reserves may be insufficient to cover future warranty claims which could adversely
                affect our financial performance.

                We offer comprehensive warranty policies covering the entire vehicle as well as key electric
                components, including the battery, electric motor, and power electronic units. In addition to the
                standard warranty required by local laws and regulations, we also provide extended warranty
                services, with specific terms and conditions varying by markets and vehicle models. Our warranty
                program is similar to other auto company’s warranty programs intended to cover all parts and labor
                to repair defects in material or workmanship in the body, chassis, interior, electric system, battery,
                electric powertrain and other related vehicle parts. We plan to record and adjust warranty reserves
                based on changes in estimated costs and actual warranty costs. However, we have little experience
                with warranty claims regarding our vehicles or with estimating warranty reserves. As of December
                31, 2024, we had warranty reserves in respect of our vehicles of RMB4,720.7 million (US$646.7
                million). We cannot assure you that such reserves will be sufficient to cover future claims. We could,
                in the future, become subject to significant and unexpected warranty claims, resulting in significant
                expenses, which would in turn materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial
                condition and prospects.


                We may need to defend ourselves against patent or trademark infringement claims, which may be
                time-consuming and would cause us to incur substantial costs.

                Companies, organizations or individuals, including our competitors, may hold or obtain patents,
                trademarks or other proprietary rights that would prevent, limit or interfere with our ability to make,
                use, develop, sell or market our vehicles or components, which could make it difficult for us to
                operate our business. From time to time, owners of patents or trademarks may contact us regarding
                their proprietary rights. Companies holding patents or other intellectual property rights may bring
                suits alleging infringement of such rights or otherwise assert their rights and urge us to take licenses.
                Our applications and uses of patented technologies and trademarks relating to, among others, our
                designs, software or artificial intelligence technologies could subject us to the risk of infringing
                existing intellectual property rights.




64   NIO Inc.
                                                                                              PART I


For example, beginning in 2021, a German automotive manufacturer claimed that we infringed its
trademark rights based on resemblance of model designations of certain of our vehicles with those
of the manufacturer’s. For that purpose, the manufacturer (i) filed an infringement lawsuit with the
Munich Regional Court against us and (ii) brought certain opposition and cancellation proceedings
against our trademark applications and registrations of the aforesaid model designations in front
of competent intellectual property authorities in certain jurisdictions. Although we believe the
allegations of trademark infringement to be unjustified, we had taken precautionary measures and
renamed certain car models involved in the infringement claim before our entry into the European
market to avoid substantial impact on our sales operations in the Europe and other jurisdictions. In
January 2023, the Munich Regional Court made a judgment in favor of the manufacturer, which was
upheld by the Munich Higher Regional Court in April 2024. However, this decision had limited impact
on our operations in Europe as we had already taken precautionary measures and renamed our car
models in Europe. Meanwhile, in November 2024, the competent intellectual property authority in
Australia rejected the manufacturer’s objection to our trademarks. As of the date of this annual
report, some proceedings in certain jurisdictions are still ongoing. We cannot assure you that the
final decisions in the remaining jurisdictions will be in our favor. We may also be subject to additional
patent or trademark disputes with other parties. We may have to incur substantial costs in responding
to these disputes, similar to our experience with the German manufacturer discussed above. If we are
not permitted to use any of our existing model names in jurisdictions where our vehicles are offered,
our sales performance there may be negatively affected, which in turn would harm our results of
operations and financial condition.


If it is determined that we have infringed upon a third party’s intellectual property rights, we may be
required to do one or more of the following:


•   cease selling, incorporating certain components into, or using vehicles or offering goods or
    services that incorporate or use the challenged intellectual property;


•   pay substantial damages;


•   seek a license from the holder of the infringed intellectual property right, which license may not be
    available on reasonable terms or at all;


•   redesign our vehicles or other goods or services; or


•   establish and maintain alternative branding for our products and services.


In the event of a successful claim of infringement against us and our failure or inability to obtain
a license to the infringed technology or other intellectual property right, our business, prospects,
operating results and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. In addition, any
litigation or claims, whether or not valid, could result in substantial costs, negative publicity and
diversion of resources and management attention.




                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2024      65
     PART I


                We may not be able to prevent others from unauthorized use of our intellectual property, which
                could harm our business and competitive position.

                We regard our trademarks, service marks, patents, domain names, trade secrets, proprietary
                technologies and similar intellectual property as critical to our success. We rely on trademark
                and patent law, trade secret protection and confidentiality agreements, and technology license
                agreements with our employees, business constituents and others to protect our proprietary rights.


                We have invested significant resources to develop our own intellectual property. Failure to maintain
                or protect these rights could harm our business. In addition, any unauthorized use of our intellectual
                property by third parties may adversely affect our current and future revenues and our reputation.


                Implementation and enforcement of PRC intellectual property-related laws have historically been
                challenging. Furthermore, policing unauthorized use or leakage of proprietary technology or various
                infringement on our intellectual property rights is difficult and expensive. We rely on a combination
                of patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws and contractual restrictions on disclosure and
                usage to protect our intellectual property rights. Despite our efforts to protect our proprietary rights,
                third parties may attempt to copy or otherwise obtain and use our intellectual property or seek court
                declarations that they do not infringe upon our intellectual property rights. Monitoring unauthorized
                use of our intellectual property is difficult and costly, and we cannot assure you that the steps we
                have taken or will take will prevent misappropriation of our intellectual property. From time to time,
                we may have to resort to litigation to enforce our intellectual property rights, which could result in
                substantial costs and diversion of our resources.


                Our patent rights may not protect us effectively, and we may not be able to prevent others from
                developing or exploiting competing technologies, which could have a material and adverse effect
                on our business.

                As of December 31, 2024, we had 5,693 issued patents and 4,122 patent applications pending. For our
                pending application, we cannot assure you that we will be granted patents pursuant to our pending
                applications. Even if our patent applications succeed and we are issued patents in accordance with
                them, it is still uncertain whether these patents will be contested, circumvented or invalidated in the
                future. In addition, the rights granted under any issued patents may not provide us with meaningful
                protection or competitive advantages. The claims under any patents that issue from our patent
                applications may not be broad enough to prevent others from developing technologies that are similar
                or that achieve results similar to ours. The intellectual property rights of others could also bar us from
                licensing and exploiting any patents that issue from our pending applications. Numerous patents and
                pending patent applications owned by others exist in the fields in which we have developed and are
                developing our technology. These patents and patent applications might have priority over our patent
                applications and could subject our patent applications to invalidation. Finally, in addition to those
                who may claim priority, any of our existing or pending patents may also be challenged by others on
                the basis that they are otherwise invalid or unenforceable.




66   NIO Inc.
                                                                                             PART I


We have limited insurance coverage, which could expose us to significant costs and business
disruption.

We have limited liability insurance coverage for our products and business operations. A successful
liability claim against us due to injuries suffered by our users could materially and adversely affect
our financial condition, results of operations and reputation. In addition, we do not have any business
disruption insurance. Any business disruption event could result in substantial costs to us and
diversion of our resources.


We maintain a considerable level of debt that are senior in capital structure and cash flow to our
shareholders. Satisfying these debt obligations could adversely affect the distributions to our
shareholders or result in dilution.

We maintain a considerable level of indebtedness to finance our operations and business expansion.
In February 2019, we issued US$750 million aggregate principal amount of 4.50% convertible
senior notes due 2024, or the 2024 Notes. The 2024 Notes matured on February 1, 2024, and we
repaid the then outstanding 2024 Notes that had not been redeemed, repurchased or converted in
full. In January 2021, we issued US$750 million aggregate principal amount of 0.00% convertible
senior notes due 2026, or the 2026 Notes, and US$750 million aggregate principal amount of 0.50%
convertible senior notes due 2027, or the 2027 Notes. In September and October 2023, we issued
US$575 million aggregate principal amount of 3.875% convertible senior notes due 2029, or the 2029
Notes, and US$575 million aggregate principal amount of 4.625% convertible senior notes due 2030,
or the 2030 Notes. As of December 31, 2024, we had RMB11,440.8 million (US$1,567.4 million) in total
long-term borrowings outstanding, consisting primarily of (i) our 3.875% convertible senior notes due
2029 and 4.625% convertible senior notes due 2030, (ii) our 0.00% convertible senior notes due 2026
and 0.50% convertible senior notes due 2027, and (iii) our long-term bank debt, excluding the current
portions of (i), (ii), and (iii) that are due within one year from December 31, 2024. Meanwhile, as of
December 31, 2024, we had RMB5,729.6 million (US$785.0 million) in total short-term borrowings,
including the current portions of long-term borrowings.




                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024      67
     PART I


                The 2026 Notes and the 2027 Notes are unsecured debt. Prior to August 1, 2025, in the case of
                the 2026 Notes, and August 1, 2026, in the case of the 2027 Notes, the 2026 Notes and the 2027
                Notes, as applicable, will be convertible at the option of the holders only upon satisfaction of certain
                conditions and during certain periods. Holders may convert their 2026 Notes or 2027 Notes, as
                applicable, at their option at any time on or after August 1, 2025, in the case of the 2026 Notes, or
                August 1, 2026, in the case of the 2027 Notes, until the close of business on the second scheduled
                trading day immediately preceding the maturity date. Upon conversion, we will pay or deliver to
                such converting holders, as the case may be, cash, ADSs, or a combination of cash and ADSs, at our
                election. The initial conversion rate of the 2026 Notes is 10.7458 ADSs per US$1,000 principal amount
                of such 2026 Notes. The initial conversion rate of the 2027 Notes is 10.7458 ADSs per US$1,000
                principal amount of such 2027 Notes. The conversion rate for such series of the 2026 Notes and
                the 2027 Notes is subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events. Holders of the 2026
                Notes and the 2027 Notes may require us to repurchase all or part of their 2026 Notes and 2027
                Notes for cash on February 1, 2024, in the case of the 2026 Notes, and February 1, 2025, in the case
                of the 2027 Notes, or in the event of certain fundamental changes, at a repurchase price equal to
                100% of the principal amount of the 2026 Notes or the 2027 Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued
                and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the repurchase date. In addition, on or after February
                6, 2024, in the case of the 2026 Notes, and February 6, 2025, in the case of the 2027 Notes, until the
                20th scheduled trading day immediately prior to the maturity date, we may redeem the 2026 Notes
                or the 2027 Notes, as applicable for cash subject to certain conditions, at a redemption price equal
                to 100% of the principal amount of the 2026 Notes or the 2027 Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued
                and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the optional redemption date. Furthermore, we may
                redeem all but not part of the 2026 Notes or the 2027 Notes in the event of certain changes in the
                tax laws. In 2022, we repurchased an aggregate principal amount of US$192.9 million of 2026 Notes
                for a total cash consideration of US$170.5 million. In September 2023, shortly after the pricing of the
                2029 Notes and the 2030 Notes, we repurchased an aggregate principal amount of US$255.6 million
                of the 2026 Notes for a total cash consideration of US$249.9 million and an aggregate principal
                amount of US$244.4 million of the 2027 Notes for a total cash consideration of US$222.0 million. In
                February 2024, we completed the repurchase right offer relating to the 2026 Notes. US$300.5 million
                in aggregate principal amount of the 2026 Notes were validly surrendered and not withdrawn prior
                to the expiration of the repurchase right offer. Following settlement of the repurchase, US$912,000
                aggregate principal amount of the 2026 Notes remained outstanding and continue to be subject to
                the existing terms of the indenture and the 2026 Notes.

                In November and December 2024, we entered into and completed separate, privately negotiated
                transactions with a limited number of holders of the 2027 Notes resulting in the exchange of
                US$127.1 million principal amount of the 2027 Notes into ADSs. In these exchange transactions, we
                delivered to the participating holders 27.7 million ADSs. The exchange prices ranged from 207.0 to
                227.6 ADSs per US$1,000 principal amount of the 2027 Notes. We did not receive any cash proceeds
                from the issuance of the ADSs upon exchange. Concurrently, to offset any dilutive effect on our
                existing shareholders resulting from the issuance of the ADSs, CHJ Limited, one of our wholly-owned
                subsidiaries, surrendered 27.7 million Class A ordinary shares held by it to us for cancellation at
                no consideration. As a result, the total number of issued and outstanding shares of our Company
                remains unchanged following these exchange transactions. On January 31, 2025, we completed the
                repurchase right offer relating to the 2027 Notes. US$378.3 million aggregate principal amount of the
                2027 Notes were validly surrendered and not withdrawn prior to the expiration of the repurchase right
                offer. Following settlement of the repurchase, US$213,000 aggregate principal amount of the 2027
                Notes remained outstanding and continues to be subject to the existing terms of the indenture and
                the 2027 Notes.


68   NIO Inc.
                                                                                              PART I


The 2029 Notes and the 2030 Notes are unsecured debt. The holders of the 2029 Notes and the 2030
Notes shall have the right, at such holder’s option, to convert all or any portion of their 2029 Notes or
2030 Notes, as applicable, at any time prior to the close of business on the second scheduled trading
day immediately preceding the maturity date, i.e., October 15, 2029, in the case of the 2029 Notes,
and October 15, 2030, in the case of the 2030 Notes. The initial conversion rate of the 2029 Notes is
89.9685 ADSs per US$1,000 principal amount of such 2029 Notes. The Initial conversion rate of the
2030 Notes is 89.9685 ADSs per US$1,000 principal amount of such 2030 Notes. The conversion rate
is subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events. Holders of the 2029 Notes and 2030
Notes may require us to repurchase all or any portion of their 2029 Notes and 2030 Notes for cash
on October 15, 2027, in the case of the 2029 Notes, and October 15, 2028, in the case of 2030 Notes,
or in the event of certain fundamental changes, at a repurchase price equal to 100% of the principal
amount of the 2029 Notes or the 2030 Notes to be repurchased plus accrued and unpaid interest, if
any, to, but excluding, the repurchase date. In addition, on or after October 22, 2027, in the case of
the 2029 Notes, and October 22, 2028, in the case of the 2030 Notes, until the 20th scheduled trading
day immediately prior to the maturity date, i.e., October 15, 2029, in the case of the 2029 Notes,
and October 15, 2030, in the case of the 2030 Notes, we may redeem all or part of the 2029 Notes
and 2030 Notes, as applicable for cash subject to certain conditions, at a redemption price equal to
100% of the principal amount of the 2029 Notes or the 2030 Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and
unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the optional redemption date. Furthermore, we may redeem
all but not part of the 2029 Notes or the 2030 Notes in the event of certain changes in the tax laws.


Satisfying the obligations of all these indebtedness and interest liabilities could adversely affect the
amount or timing of any distributions to our shareholders. We may choose to satisfy, repurchase, or
refinance any of these liabilities through public or private equity or debt financings if we deem such
financings available on favorable terms. If we do not have adequate cash available or cannot obtain
additional financing, or our use of cash is restricted by applicable law, regulations or agreements
governing our current or future indebtedness, we may not be able to repurchase any of these notes
when required under the respective transaction documents, which would constitute an event of
default under the respective transaction documents. An event of default could also lead to a default
under other agreements governing our current and future indebtedness, and if the repayment of such
other indebtedness were accelerated, we may not have sufficient funds to repay the indebtedness
and repurchase any of these notes or make cash payments upon conversion of any of these notes.
In addition, the holders of any of these notes may convert their notes to a number of our ADSs in
accordance with the respective transaction documents. Any conversion will result in immediate
dilution to the ownership interests of existing shareholders and such dilution could be material.
Lastly, we are exposed to interest rate risk related to our portfolio of investments in debt securities
and the debt that we have issued. Among other things, some of our bank loans carry floating interest,
and increases in interest rates would result in a decrease in the fair value of our outstanding debt. In
the event that we incur a decrease in the fair value of our outstanding debt, our financial performance
will be adversely affected.




                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2024      69
     PART I


                We are or may be subject to risks associated with strategic alliances or acquisitions.

                We have entered into and may in the future enter into strategic alliances, including technology
                partnerships, joint ventures or minority equity investments, with various third parties to further
                our business purpose from time to time. For example, we have opened our Power Swap network to
                the entire industry and signed strategic partnership agreements with Changan Automobile, Geely
                Group, JAC Group and Chery Automobile on battery swapping. We have partnered with multiple
                energy companies, and expect to join hands with more partners to collectively contribute towards
                the development of power network and the wider adoption of battery swapping. Furthermore,
                on February 26, 2024, we entered into a technology license agreement with Forseven Limited, or
                Forseven. Under this agreement, we granted a non-exclusive and non-transferrable worldwide license
                to Forseven to use certain of our technical information, technical solutions, software and intellectual
                property rights related to or subsisting in our existing and future smart electric vehicle platforms
                within certain period, for, among other things, the research and development, manufacturing, sales,
                import and export of vehicle models sold or marketed under Forseven’s brand, subject to the terms
                and conditions set forth in the agreement. These alliances could subject us to a number of risks,
                including risks associated with sharing proprietary information, non-performance by the third party
                and increased expenses in establishing new strategic alliances. We may have limited ability to
                monitor or control the actions of these third parties and, to the extent any of these strategic third
                parties suffer negative publicity or harm to their reputation from events relating to their business,
                we may also suffer negative publicity or harm to our reputation by virtue of our association with any
                such third party. Specifically, any technical failure in the coordination with our Power Swap network
                partners can disrupt our charging and battery swapping services to users and delay the expansion
                of our Power Swap network and the adoption of our battery swapping technology. Also, inefficient
                processes or inadequate workforce training could lead to operational inefficiencies and increased
                costs. Furthermore, any problems arising from Forseven’s use of the licensed technologies, including
                product recalls, safety issues, or resulting legal disputes, could negatively harm our brands and
                reputation. Any of these risks may materially and adversely affect our business, results of operation
                and financial conditions.


                In addition, we may acquire additional assets, products, technologies or businesses that are
                complementary to our existing business. In addition to possible shareholder approval, we may have
                to obtain approvals and licenses from government authorities for the acquisitions and to comply with
                any applicable PRC laws and regulations, which could result in increased delay and costs, and may
                derail our business strategy if we fail to do so. Furthermore, past and future acquisitions and the
                subsequent integration of new assets and businesses into our own require significant attention from
                our management and could result in a diversion of resources from our existing business, which in
                turn could have an adverse effect on our operations. Acquired assets or businesses may not generate
                the financial results we expect. Acquisitions could result in the use of substantial amounts of cash,
                potentially dilutive issuances of equity securities, the occurrence of significant goodwill impairment
                charges, amortization expenses for other intangible assets and exposure to potential unknown
                liabilities of the acquired business. Moreover, the costs of identifying and consummating acquisitions
                may be significant.




70   NIO Inc.
                                                                                              PART I


If we fail to manage our growth effectively, we may not be able to execute our growth strategies
successfully.

We have expanded our operations, and as we ramp up our production and sales, further significant
expansion may be required, especially in connection with providing our users with high-quality
services, expansion of our sales network and power infrastructures, and managing different models
of vehicles. Our future operating results depend to a large extent on our ability to manage this
expansion and growth successfully. Risks that we face in undertaking this expansion include, among
others:


•   managing a larger organization with different divisions;


•   training a greater number of employees and managing their behaviors, including but not limited to
    deterring or preventing employee misconducts or illegal actions;


•   controlling expenses and investments in anticipation of expanded operations;


•   establishing or expanding design, manufacturing, sales and service facilities;


•   implementing and enhancing administrative infrastructure, systems and processes; and


•   addressing new markets and potentially unforeseen challenges as they arise.


Any failure to manage our growth effectively could materially and adversely affect our business,
prospects, results of operations and financial condition.




                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024   71
     PART I


                We have granted, and may continue to grant options and other types of awards under our share
                incentive plan, which may result in increased share-based compensation expenses.

                We adopted share incentive plans in 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018 and 2024, which we refer to as the 2015
                Plan, the 2016 Plan, the 2017 Plan, the 2018 Plan and 2024 Plan, respectively, for the purpose of
                granting share-based compensation awards to employees, directors and consultants to incentivize
                their performance and align their interests with ours. The 2018 Plan became effective as of January
                1, 2019 and expired on December 31, 2023. The 2024 Plan became effective as of February 7, 2024.
                We recognize expenses in our consolidated statement of income in accordance with U.S. GAAP.
                Under our share incentive plans, we are authorized to grant options and other types of awards.
                Under the 2015 Plan, the 2016 Plan and the 2017 Plan, the maximum numbers of Class A ordinary
                shares which may be issued pursuant to all awards are 46,264,378, 18,000,000 and 33,000,000,
                respectively. Under the 2018 Plan, a maximum number of 23,000,000 Class A ordinary shares may be
                issued pursuant to all awards. This amount should automatically increase each year by the number
                of shares representing 1.5% of the then total issued and outstanding share capital of our company as
                of the end of each preceding year during the term of the 2018 Plan. The maximum number of shares
                available for issuance pursuant to all awards under the 2024 Plan was initially 19,288,470 Class A
                ordinary shares, and the amount automatically increases at the beginning of each new year by the
                number of shares representing 1.2% of the then total issued and outstanding share capital of our
                company as of the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal year during the term of the 2024 Plan.
                In addition, any awards not granted under an earlier plan when it terminates are automatically added
                to the 2024 Plan. As of April 7, 2025, awards to purchase an aggregate amount of 115,271,729 Class A
                ordinary shares under the 2015 Plan, the 2016 Plan, the 2017 Plan, the 2018 Plan and the 2024 Plan
                had been granted and were outstanding, excluding awards that were forfeited or cancelled after the
                grant dates. In addition, one of our subsidiaries also adopted a share incentive plan in 2021, pursuant
                to which the subsidiary can grant share options to its employees. As of December 31, 2024, our
                unrecognized share-based compensation expenses related to the stock option and restricted shares
                amounted to RMB3,527.4 million (US$483.2 million).


                We believe the granting of share-based awards is of significant importance to our ability to attract
                and retain key personnel and employees, and we will continue to grant share-based compensation to
                employees in the future. As a result, our expenses associated with share-based compensation may
                increase, which may have an adverse effect on our results of operations.


                Furthermore, prospective candidates and existing employees often consider the value of the equity
                awards they receive in connection with their employment. Thus, our ability to attract or retain highly
                skilled employees may be adversely affected by declines in the perceived value of our equity or equity
                awards. Furthermore, there are no assurances that the number of shares reserved for issuance under
                our share incentive plans will be sufficient to grant equity awards adequate to recruit new employees
                and to compensate existing employees.




72   NIO Inc.
                                                                                              PART I


If we do not appropriately maintain effective internal control over financial reporting in accordance
with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, we may be unable to accurately report our
financial results and the market price of our ADSs may be adversely affected.

We are subject to reporting obligations under the U.S. securities laws. The SEC, as required under
Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, adopted rules requiring public companies to include
a report of management on such company’s internal control over financial reporting in its document,
which contains management’s assessment of the effectiveness of the company’s internal control
over financial reporting. We were subject to such requirement starting from the fiscal year of 2019.
In addition, an independent registered public accounting firm must attest to and report on the
effectiveness of the company’s internal control over financial reporting.


Our management has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of
December 31, 2024. In addition, our independent registered public accounting firm has audited the
effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024.


In the future, our management may conclude that our internal control over financial reporting is
not effective. Moreover, even if our management concludes that our internal control over financial
reporting is effective, our independent registered public accounting firm, after conducting its own
independent testing, may issue a report with adverse opinion if it is not satisfied with our internal
controls or the level at which our controls are documented, designed, operated or reviewed, or if it
interprets the requirements differently from us.


If we fail to implement and maintain an effective internal control environment, we could suffer
material misstatements in our consolidated financial statements and fail to meet our reporting
obligations, which would likely cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial
information. This could in turn limit our access to capital markets, harm our results of operations, and
lead to a decline in the trading price of our listed securities. Furthermore, we may incur additional
costs and use additional management and other resources as our business and operations further
expand or in an effort to remediate any significant control deficiencies that may be identified in the
future. Additionally, ineffective internal control over financial reporting could expose us to increased
risk of fraud or misuse of corporate assets and subject us to potential delisting from the stock
exchange on which we list, regulatory investigations and civil or criminal sanctions.


If our suppliers fail to use ethical business practices and comply with applicable laws and
regulations, our brand image could be harmed due to negative publicity.

Our core values, which include developing high quality electric vehicles while operating with integrity,
are an important component of our brand image, which makes our reputation sensitive to allegations
of unethical business practices. We do not control our independent suppliers or their business
practices. Accordingly, we cannot guarantee their compliance with ethical business practices,
such as environmental responsibilities, fair wage practices, and compliance with child labor laws,
among others. A lack of demonstrated compliance could lead us to seek alternative suppliers, which
could increase our costs and result in delayed delivery of our products, product shortages or other
disruptions of our operations.




                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024      73
     PART I


                Violation of labor or other laws by our suppliers or the divergence of an independent supplier’s labor
                or other practices from those generally accepted as ethical in the markets in which we do business
                could also attract negative publicity for us and our brands. This could diminish the value of our brand
                image and reduce demand for our electric vehicles if, as a result of such violation, we were to attract
                negative publicity. If we, or other players in our industry, encounter similar problems in the future, it
                could harm our brand image, business, prospects, results of operations and financial condition.


                If we update our manufacturing equipment more quickly than expected, we may have to shorten
                the useful lives of any equipment to be retired, which could negatively affect our financial results.

                We have invested, and we expect to continue to invest, significantly in what we believe is state of
                the art tooling, machinery and other manufacturing equipment, and we depreciate the cost of such
                equipment over their expected useful lives. Manufacturing technology may evolve rapidly, and
                therefore we may decide to update our manufacturing process with advanced equipment more quickly
                than expected. Moreover, as our engineering and manufacturing expertise and efficiency increase,
                we may be able to manufacture our products using less of our installed equipment. The useful life of
                any equipment that would be retired early as a result would be shortened, causing the depreciation
                on such equipment to be accelerated, and to the extent we own such equipment, our results of
                operations could be negatively impacted. An increased amount of investment into the manufacturing
                plants will lead to an increased cost in asset depreciation and amortization, which could negatively
                affect our results of operations and financial conditions.


                The construction and operation of our manufacturing facilities are subject to regulatory approvals
                or filings and may be subject to changes, delays, cost overruns or may not produce expected
                benefits.

                In February 2020, we entered into a collaboration framework agreement with the municipal
                government of Hefei, Anhui province. Subsequently from April to June 2020, we entered into
                definitive agreements, as amended and supplemented, for investments in NIO China. Pursuant to
                the definitive agreements, we collaborated with the Hefei Strategic Investors and Hefei Economic
                and Technological Development Area to develop NIO China’s business and to support the accelerated
                development of the smart electric vehicle sectors in Hefei. In February 2021, we, through NIO China,
                entered into a further collaboration framework agreement with the municipal government of Hefei,
                Anhui province, pursuant to which the Hefei government and NIO China agreed in principle to jointly
                build a world-class industrial campus to support the development and innovations of the smart
                electric vehicle industry and related supply chains led by NIO China. In addition, the Hefei government
                and its associated parties plan to re-invest their returns from the equity investments in NIO China to
                support the further cooperation in Hefei.




74   NIO Inc.
                                                                                                PART I


Under PRC law, construction projects are subject to broad and strict government supervision and
approval procedures, including but not limited to project approvals and filings, construction land
and project planning approvals, environment protection approvals, pollution discharge permits,
work safety approvals, fire protection approvals, and the completion of inspection and acceptance
by authorities. Some of the construction projects being carried out by us are undergoing necessary
approval procedures as required by law. As a result, the entities operating such construction projects
may be subject to administrative uncertainty, and construction projects in question may be subject
to fines or the suspension of use of such projects. Failure to complete the construction projects on
schedule and within budget, and failure to obtain necessary approvals or any incompliance with
government supervision could have a material adverse impact on our operations, and we may not be
able to find commercially reasonable alternatives.


Our vehicles make use of lithium-ion battery cells, which have been observed to catch fire or vent
smoke and flame.

The batteries that we produce make use of lithium-ion cells. On rare occasions, lithium-ion cells
can rapidly release the energy they contain by venting smoke and flames in a manner that can ignite
nearby materials as well as other lithium-ion cells. While we have designed the battery to passively
contain any single cell’s release of energy without spreading to neighboring cells, and have taken
measures to enhance the safety of our battery designs, a field or testing failure of our vehicles or
other batteries that we produce could occur in the future, which could subject us to lawsuits, product
recalls, or redesign efforts, all of which would be time-consuming and expensive. Also, negative
public perceptions regarding the suitability of lithium-ion cells for automotive applications or any
future incident involving lithium-ion cells such as a vehicle or other fire, even if such incident does not
involve our vehicles, could seriously harm our business.


In addition, we store a significant number of lithium-ion cells at our facilities. Any mishandling of
battery cells may cause disruption to the operation of our facilities. While we have implemented
safety procedures related to the handling of the cells, a safety issue or fire related to the cells could
disrupt our operations. Such damage or injury could lead to adverse publicity and potentially a safety
recall. Moreover, any failure of a competitor’s electric vehicle or energy storage product may cause
indirect adverse publicity for us and our products. Such adverse publicity could negatively affect our
brands and harm our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results.




                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2024      75
     PART I


                Interruption or failure of our information technology and communications systems could impact
                our ability to effectively provide our services.

                We aim to provide our users with an innovative suite of services through our mobile application.
                In addition, our in-car digital services depend, to a certain extent, on network connectivity.
                The availability and effectiveness of our services depend on the continued operation of our
                information technology and communications systems. Our systems are vulnerable to damage or
                interruption from, among other adverse effects, fire, terrorist attacks, natural disasters, power loss,
                telecommunications failures, computer viruses, computer denial of service attacks or other attempts
                to harm our systems. Our data centers are also subject to break-ins, sabotage, and intentional acts of
                vandalism, and potential disruptions. Some of our systems are not fully redundant, and our disaster
                recovery planning cannot account for all eventualities. Any outage problems at our data centers could
                result in potential interruptions in our digital service. In addition, our products and services are highly
                technical and complex and may contain errors or vulnerabilities, which could result in interruptions in
                our services or the failure of our systems.


                We are subject to anti-corruption, anti-money laundering and similar laws, non-compliance with
                which can subject us to penalties and expenses, which could adversely affect our business,
                financial condition and reputation.

                We are subject to anti-corruption, anti-bribery, anti-money laundering, financial and economic
                sanctions and similar laws and regulations in various jurisdictions in which we conduct activities,
                including, among others, the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act 2010. These
                acts prohibit us and our officers, directors, employees and business partners acting on our behalf,
                including agents, from corruptly offering, promising, authorizing or providing anything of value to a
                “foreign official” for the purposes of influencing official decisions or obtaining or retaining business or
                otherwise obtaining favorable treatment. The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act also requires companies
                to make and keep books, records and accounts that accurately reflect transactions and dispositions
                of assets and to maintain a system of adequate internal accounting controls. The U.K. Bribery Act
                also prohibits non-governmental “commercial” bribery and soliciting or accepting bribes. A violation
                of these laws or regulations could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial
                condition and reputation.




76   NIO Inc.
                                                                                             PART I


We have direct or indirect interactions with officials and employees of government agencies and
state-owned affiliated entities in the ordinary course of business. We have also entered into joint
ventures and/or other business partnerships with government agencies and state-owned or affiliated
entities. These interactions subject us to an increased level of compliance-related concerns. We are
in the process of implementing policies and procedures designed to ensure that we and our directors,
officers, employees, representatives, consultants, agents and business partners comply with
applicable anti-corruption, anti-bribery, anti-money laundering, financial and economic sanctions
and similar laws and regulations. However, our policies and procedures may not be sufficient and
our directors, officers, employees, representatives, consultants, agents, and business partners could
engage in improper conduct for which we may be held responsible.


Non-compliance with anti-corruption, anti-bribery, anti-money laundering or financial and economic
sanctions laws could subject us to whistleblower complaints, adverse media coverage, investigations,
and severe administrative, civil and criminal sanctions, collateral consequences, remedial measures
and legal expenses, all of which could materially and adversely affect our business, results of
operations, financial condition and reputation. In addition, changes in economic sanctions laws in the
future could adversely impact our business and investments in our shares.


Any unauthorized control or manipulation of our vehicles’ systems could result in loss of confidence
in us and our vehicles and harm our business.

Our vehicles contain complex information technology systems. For example, our vehicles are
designed with built-in data connectivity to accept and install periodic remote updates from us to
enhance or update the functionality of our vehicles. We have designed, implemented and tested
security measures intended to prevent unauthorized access to our information technology networks,
our vehicles and their systems. However, it is likely that there will be hackers who attempt to gain
unauthorized access to modify, alter and use such networks, vehicles and systems to gain control of,
or to change, our vehicles’ functionality, user interface and performance characteristics, or to gain
access to data stored in or generated by the vehicle. Vulnerabilities could be identified in the future
and our remediation efforts may not be successful. Any unauthorized access to or control of our
vehicles or their systems or any loss of data could result in legal claims or proceedings. In addition,
regardless of their veracity, reports of unauthorized access to our vehicles, their systems or data, as
well as other factors that may result in the perception that our vehicles, their systems or data are
capable of being “hacked,” could negatively affect our brands and harm our business, prospects,
financial condition and operating results.




                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024      77
     PART I


                Our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected by natural
                disasters, health epidemics and other outbreaks.

                Our business could be adversely affected by the effects of epidemics. In recent years, there have
                been outbreaks of epidemics in China and globally, including the COVID-19 pandemic. Our results
                of operations could be adversely affected to the extent that future outbreak harms the Chinese
                economy in general. Further, to the extent the future outbreaks adversely affect our business and
                financial results, they may heighten many of the other risks described in this annual report, such as
                those relating to our level of indebtedness, our need to generate sufficient cash flows to service our
                indebtedness and our ability to comply with the covenants contained in the agreements that govern
                our indebtedness.


                We are also vulnerable to natural disasters and other calamities. Our vehicle production, supply
                chain, sales and delivery and our service operations and capacities could be materially and adversely
                affected by natural disasters and other calamities in the areas where we operate and where our
                vehicles are sold to. For example, in July 2021, our deliveries of vehicles and power services were
                interrupted due to the flood in Henan province and the typhoon in Shanghai and several other
                neighboring cities. Although we have servers that are hosted in an offsite location, our backup
                system does not capture data on a real-time basis and we may be unable to recover certain data
                in the event of a server failure. We cannot assure you that any backup systems will be adequate to
                protect us from the effects of fire, floods, typhoons, earthquakes, power loss, telecommunications
                failures, break-ins, war, riots, terrorist attacks or similar events. Any of the foregoing events may give
                rise to interruptions, breakdowns, system failures, technology platform failures or internet failures,
                which could cause the loss or corruption of data or malfunctions of software or hardware as well as
                adversely affect our ability to provide services on our platform.




78   NIO Inc.
                                                                                             PART I


Our revenues and financial results may be adversely affected by any economic slowdown in China
as well as globally.

The success of our business ultimately depends on consumer spending. We derive a substantial
majority of our revenues from China. As a result, our revenues and financial results are impacted to
a significant extent by economic conditions in China. The growth rate of the Chinese economy has
gradually slowed down since 2010 and the Chinese population began to decline in 2022, and the trend
may continue. Any slowdown could significantly reduce domestic commerce in China. In addition, as
we continue to expand our global presence and offer products and services to markets outside China,
we expect our results of operations will also be impacted by the global economic conditions. The
global macroeconomic environment is facing numerous challenges. For example, the Federal Reserve
and other central banks outside of China have raised interest rates. There is considerable uncertainty
over the long-term effects of the previous expansionary monetary and fiscal policies adopted by
the central banks and financial authorities of some of the world’s leading economies, including the
United States and China, and the ongoing transmission of monetary policy in the United States and
Europe. The Russia-Ukraine conflict, the Hamas-Israel conflict and the attacks on shipping in the Red
Sea have heightened geopolitical tensions across the world, while it has not had a direct impact on
our business operations and financial results to date, it could raise energy prices, cause supply chain
volatilities and disrupt global markets in general, and may negatively affect our business expansion
in Europe and other international markets, which may adversely affect our results of operations and
financial results. Regional unrest, terrorist threats and the potential for war may increase market
volatility across the globe. There have also been concerns about the relationship between China and
other countries, including the surrounding Asian countries, which may potentially have economic
effects. In particular, there is significant uncertainty about the future relationship between the
United States and China with respect to trade policies, treaties, government regulations and tariffs.
Economic conditions in China are sensitive to global economic conditions, as well as changes in
domestic economic and political policies and the expected or perceived overall economic growth rate
in China. Any severe or prolonged slowdown in the global or Chinese economy may materially and
adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.


Sales of electric vehicles, depend in part on discretionary consumer spending and are even
more exposed to adverse changes in general economic conditions. In response to their perceived
uncertainty in economic conditions, consumers might delay, reduce or cancel purchases of our
electric vehicles and our results of operations may be materially and adversely affected.


We cannot predict the duration or direction of current trends or their impact on China and globally. If
we experience unfavorable global market conditions, or if we cannot or do not maintain operations at
a scope that is commensurate with such conditions or are later required to or choose to suspend such
operations again, our business, prospects, financial condition and operating results may be harmed.




                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024      79
     PART I


                Shutdowns of the U.S. federal government could materially impair our business and financial
                condition.

                Development of our product candidates and/or regulatory approval may be delayed for reasons
                beyond our control. For example, over the last several years the U.S. government has shut down
                several times and certain regulatory agencies, such as the SEC, have had to furlough critical SEC and
                other government employees and stop critical activities. In our operations as a public company, future
                government shutdowns could impact our ability to access the public markets, such as delaying the
                declaration of effectiveness of registration statements and obtaining necessary capital to properly
                capitalize and continue our operations.


                There are uncertainties relating to our users trust arrangement involving a portion of our chairman’s
                shareholding in our company.

                In conjunction with our pursuit of being a user enterprise and with the goal of building a deeper
                connection between NIO and our users, Mr. Bin Li, our founder, chairman of the board of directors
                and chief executive officer, transferred certain of his ordinary shares to NIO Users Trust after the
                completion of the initial public offering of our ADSs on the New York Stock Exchange in September
                2018. As of the date of this annual report, NIO Users Trust holds 16,967,776 Class A ordinary shares
                and 33,032,224 Class C ordinary shares through two holding companies controlled by it. Mr. Li
                continues to retain the voting rights of these shares. In 2019, our user committee adopted the NIO
                Users Trust Charter by way of voting, and established a User Council to generally discuss and give
                advice on the management and the operation of NIO Users Trust. In this way, our users have the
                opportunity to discuss and propose the use of the economic benefits from the shares in NIO Users
                Trust, which is intended to be composed mainly of the dividends from the shares that it holds, future
                interests accrued from and investment returns generated by cash assets to be held under the trust,
                and proceeds from the pledging of such shares from time to time, through the User Council consisting
                of members of our user community elected by our users. See “Item 4. Information on the Company –
                B. Business Overview – User Development and User Community – NIO Users Trust” for further details
                about NIO Users Trust.


                The current NIO Users Trust Charter provides certain mechanisms for the User Council to discuss
                the management and supervision of the operations of NIO Users Trust. There is no assurance that
                such current mechanisms for managing the operations of NIO Users Trust we have adopted are to
                the satisfaction of all of our users, or that such mechanisms will be carried out in the way it was
                intended. The User Council may not be able to achieve its intended work focus or carry out their
                work effectively and efficiently as the power to give instructions to the trustee vests with the settlor,
                protector and investment advisor of the trust. Furthermore, depending on the proposed use of the
                economic interests of the shares held by the NIO Users Trust in the future, there could be accounting
                implications to us that cannot presently be ascertained.




80   NIO Inc.
                                                                                               PART I


We and certain of our directors and officers have been named as defendants in shareholder
class action lawsuits and legal proceedings, which could have a material adverse impact on our
business, financial condition, cash flows and reputation.

Several shareholder class action lawsuits have been filed against us and certain of our directors
and officers. See “Item 8. Financial Information – A. Consolidated Statements and Other Financial
Information – Legal Proceedings” for more details. We are currently unable to estimate the potential
loss, if any, associated with the resolution of such lawsuits, if they proceed. We anticipate that
we will continue to be a target for lawsuits in the future, including class action lawsuits brought
by shareholders. From time to time, we may also be involved in legal proceedings in the ordinary
course of our business. There can be no assurance that we will be able to prevail in our defense or
reverse any unfavorable judgment on appeal, and we may decide to settle lawsuits on unfavorable
terms. Any adverse outcome of these cases, including any plaintiffs’ appeal of the judgment in these
cases, could result in payments of substantial monetary damages or fines, changes to our business
practices, or negative publicity, and thus have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition, results of operation, cash flows and reputation. In addition, there can be no assurance that
our insurance carriers will cover all or part of the defense costs, or any liabilities that may arise from
these matters. The litigation process may utilize a significant portion of our cash resources and divert
management’s attention from the day-to-day operations of our company, all of which could harm
our business. We also may be subject to claims for indemnification related to these matters, and we
cannot predict the impact that indemnification claims may have on our business or financial results.


RISKS RELATED TO OUR CORPORATE STRUCTURE
If the PRC government deems that our VIE arrangements do not comply with PRC laws, or if these
PRC laws change, we could be subject to severe penalties or be forced to relinquish our interests in
those operations.

Foreign ownership of certain areas of businesses is subject to restrictions and prohibitions under
current PRC laws and regulations. For example, pursuant to the 2024 Negative List, foreign investors
are not allowed to, among other things, (i) own more than 50% of the equity interests in a value-
added telecommunication service provider (other than for e-commerce, domestic multi-parties
communications, storage and forwarding categories, call centers); and (ii) invest in certain services
related to autonomous driving. Additionally, in practice, subject to the qualifications set by the China
Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission for foreign shareholders of the insurance brokerage
companies, the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission typically would not approve the
establishment of foreign-invested insurance brokerage companies.


We are a Cayman Islands exempted company and our PRC subsidiaries are considered foreign-
invested enterprises. Accordingly, we have entered into a series of contractual arrangements with
Beijing NIO, Anhui NIO AT, Anhui NIO DT and their respective shareholders that enable us to hold
or to apply for all the required licenses in China, including, among others, the ICP license, the
insurance brokerage license and certain licenses relating to the operation of certain services related
to autonomous driving. For a detailed description of these contractual arrangements, see “Item 4.
Information on the Company – C. Organizational Structure – Contractual Agreements with the VIEs
and Their Shareholders.”




                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024      81
     PART I


                In the opinion of Han Kun Law Offices, our PRC legal counsel, (i) the ownership structures of NIO Co.,
                Ltd. and Beijing NIO, the ownership structure of Anhui NIO AD and Anhui NIO AT, and the ownership
                structure of NIO China and Anhui NIO DT, in China do not result in any violation of PRC laws and
                regulations currently in effect; and (ii) the contractual arrangements between our subsidiaries, the
                VIEs and their shareholders governed by PRC laws will not result in any violation of PRC laws or
                regulations currently in effect. However, we have been advised by our PRC legal counsel that there are
                substantial uncertainties regarding the interpretation and application of current and future PRC laws,
                regulations and rules, and there can be no assurance that the PRC regulatory authorities will take
                a view that is consistent with the opinion of our PRC legal counsel. See “Item 4. Information on the
                Company – B. Business Overview – Regulations – Regulations on Foreign Investment in China” and
                “Item 3. Key Information – D. Risk Factors – Risks Related to Doing Business in China – Our business
                may be significantly affected by the Foreign Investment Law.” It is uncertain whether any new PRC
                laws or regulations relating to VIE structures will be adopted or, if adopted, what they would provide.


                If the ownership structure, contractual arrangements and businesses of our PRC subsidiaries or
                the VIEs are found to be in violation of any existing or future PRC laws or regulations, or our PRC
                subsidiaries or the VIEs fail to obtain or maintain any of the required permits or approvals, the PRC
                regulatory authorities would have broad discretion to take action in dealing with such violations or
                failures, including:


                •   revoking the business licenses and/or operating licenses of such entities;


                •   shutting down our servers or blocking our website, or discontinuing or placing restrictions or
                    onerous conditions on our operation through any transactions between our PRC subsidiaries and
                    the VIEs;


                •   imposing fines, confiscating the income from our PRC subsidiaries or the VIEs, or imposing other
                    requirements with which we or the VIEs may not be able to comply;


                •   requiring us to restructure our ownership structure or operations, including terminating the
                    contractual arrangements with the VIEs and deregistering the equity pledge of the VIEs, which
                    in turn would affect our ability to consolidate, derive economic interests from, or exert effective
                    control over the VIEs; or


                •   restricting or prohibiting our use of the proceeds of any financing outside China to finance our
                    business and operations in China, and taking other regulatory or enforcement actions that could
                    be harmful to our business.




82   NIO Inc.
                                                                                             PART I


Any of these actions could cause significant disruption to our business operations and severely
damage our reputation, which would in turn materially and adversely affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations. If any of these occurrences results in our inability to direct the
activities of the VIEs that most significantly impact their economic performance, and/or our failure
to receive the economic benefits from the VIEs, we may not be able to consolidate the entities in
our consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Currently, Beijing NIO, Anhui
NIO AT, and Anhui NIO DT, taking into account all of their respective business with or without
foreign investment restrictions under PRC laws, contributed insignificantly to our total revenues in
2022, 2023 and 2024. As of December 31, 2022, 2023 and 2024, the consolidated VIEs did not have
significant operations or any material assets or liabilities.


We rely on contractual arrangements with the VIEs and their shareholders to hold a controlling
financial interest over each VIE, which may not be as effective as direct ownership in providing
operational control.

We have relied and expect to continue to rely on contractual arrangements with Beijing NIO, Anhui
NIO AT, Anhui NIO DT and their shareholders to maintain a controlling financial interest as the
primary beneficiary of each of them (as defined in U.S. GAAP, ASC 810) and to conduct a portion of our
operations in China. For a description of these contractual arrangements, see “Item 4. Information
on the Company – C. Organizational Structure – Contractual Agreements with the VIEs and Their
Shareholders.” The shareholders of VIEs may not act in the best interests of our company or may not
perform their obligations under these contracts. If we had direct ownership of the VIEs, we would be
able to exercise our rights as a shareholder to control the VIEs to exercise rights of shareholders to
effect changes in the board of directors of the VIEs, which in turn could implement changes, subject
to any applicable fiduciary obligations, at the management and operational level. However, under the
contractual arrangements, we would rely on legal remedies under PRC law for breach of contract in
the event that the VIEs and their shareholders did not perform their obligations under the contracts.
These legal remedies may not be as effective as direct ownership in providing us with control over the
VIEs.




                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024      83
     PART I


                If the VIEs or their shareholders fail to perform their obligations under the contractual arrangements,
                we may have to incur substantial costs and expend additional resources to enforce such
                arrangements, and rely on legal remedies under PRC laws, including contractual remedies, which may
                not be sufficient or effective. All of the agreements under our contractual arrangements are governed
                by and interpreted in accordance with PRC laws, and disputes arising from these contractual
                arrangements will be resolved through arbitration in China. Uncertainties in the interpretation
                and enforcement of PRC laws and regulations could limit our ability to enforce these contractual
                arrangements. Meanwhile, there are very few precedents and little formal guidance as to how
                contractual arrangements in the context of a VIE should be interpreted or enforced under PRC law.
                There remain significant uncertainties regarding the ultimate outcome of such arbitration should
                legal action become necessary. In addition, under PRC laws, rulings by arbitrators are final, parties
                cannot appeal the arbitration results in courts, and if the losing parties fail to carry out the arbitration
                awards within a prescribed time limit, the prevailing parties may only enforce the arbitration awards
                in the PRC courts through arbitration award recognition proceedings, which would require additional
                expenses and delay. If we are unable to enforce these contractual arrangements, or if we suffer
                significant delay or face other obstacles in the process of enforcing these contractual arrangements,
                we may not be able to exert effective control over the VIEs, and our ability to conduct our business
                may be negatively affected. See “Risks Related to Doing Business in China – Uncertainties in the
                interpretation and enforcement of PRC laws and regulations could limit the legal protections available
                to you and us.”


                Our ability to enforce the equity pledge agreements between us and the VIEs’ shareholders may be
                subject to limitations based on PRC laws and regulations.

                Pursuant to the equity pledge agreements under our VIE contractual arrangements, each shareholder
                of the VIEs agrees to pledge its equity interests in the respective VIE to our PRC subsidiary to secure
                the respective VIE’s performance of its obligations under the contractual arrangements. The equity
                pledges of shareholders of each VIE under equity pledge agreements have been registered with the
                local branch of the State Administration for Market Regulation. In addition, in the registration forms
                of the local branch of the State Administration for Market Regulation for the pledges over the equity
                interests under the equity pledge agreements, the aggregate amount of registered equity interests
                pledged to NIO Co., Ltd. represents 100% of the registered capital of Beijing NIO, the aggregate
                amount of registered equity interests pledged to Anhui NIO AD represents 100% of the registered
                capital of Anhui NIO AT, and the aggregate amount of registered equity interests pledged to NIO China
                represents 100% of the registered capital of Anhui NIO DT See “Item 4. Information on the Company –
                C. Organizational Structure – Contractual Agreements with the VIEs and Their Shareholders” for more
                information.




84   NIO Inc.
                                                                                             PART I


The equity pledge agreements with the VIEs’ shareholders provide that the pledged equity interests
shall constitute continuing security for any and all of the indebtedness, obligations and liabilities
under all of the principal service agreements and the scope of pledge shall not be limited by the
amount of the registered capital of that VIE. However, a PRC court may take the position that the
amount listed on the equity pledge registration forms represents the full amount of the collateral that
has been registered and perfected. If this is the case, the obligations that are supposed to be secured
in the equity pledge agreements in excess of the amount listed on the equity pledge registration
forms could be determined by the PRC court as unsecured debt, which typically takes last priority
among creditors.


The shareholders of the VIEs have conflicts of interest with us, which may materially and adversely
affect our business and financial condition.

Our founders, Bin Li and Lihong Qin, own 80% and 20%, respectively, of the equity interests in Beijing
NIO and Anhui NIO DT, and own 80% and 2.24%, respectively, of the equity interests in Anhui NIO AT.
Shaoqing Ren, a vice president of our company, owns 17.76% of the equity interests in Anhui NIO AT.
See “Item 4. Information on the Company – C. Organizational Structure – Contractual Agreements
with the VIEs and Their Shareholders” for more information. As shareholders of the VIEs, they have
conflicts of interest with us. These shareholders may breach, or cause the VIEs to breach, or refuse
to renew, the existing contractual arrangements we have with them and the VIEs, which would have
a material and adverse effect on our ability to effectively control the VIEs and receive economic
benefits from it. For example, the shareholders may be able to cause our agreements with the VIEs to
be performed in a manner adverse to us by, among other things, failing to remit payments due under
the contractual arrangements to us on a timely basis. We cannot assure you that when conflicts of
interest arise, any or all of these shareholders will act in the best interests of our company or such
conflicts will be resolved in our favor.


Currently, we do not have any arrangements to address conflicts of interest between these
shareholders and our company. Each of Bin Li and Lihong Qin is also a director and executive officer of
our company, and Shaoqing Ren is a vice president of our company. We rely on Bin Li, Lihong Qin and
Shaoqing Ren to abide by the laws of the Cayman Islands and China, which provide that directors and
senior management owe a fiduciary duty to the company that requires them to act in good faith and
in what they believe to be the best interests of the company and not to use their position for personal
gain. There is currently no specific and clear guidance under PRC laws that addresses any conflict
between PRC laws and the laws of Cayman Islands in respect of any conflict relating to corporate
governance. If we cannot resolve any conflict of interest or dispute between us and the shareholders
of VIEs, we would have to rely on legal proceedings, which could result in disruption of our business
and subject us to substantial uncertainty as to the outcome of any such legal proceedings.




                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024      85
     PART I


                Our contractual arrangements with the VIEs may be subject to scrutiny by the PRC tax authorities
                and they may determine that we or the VIEs owe additional taxes, which could negatively affect our
                financial condition.

                Under applicable PRC laws and regulations, arrangements and transactions among related parties
                may be subject to audit or challenge by the PRC tax authorities within ten years after the taxable year
                when the transactions are conducted. The PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law requires every enterprise
                in China to submit its annual enterprise income tax return together with a report on transactions with
                its related parties to the tax authorities. The tax authorities may impose reasonable adjustments
                on taxation if they have identified any related party transactions that are inconsistent with arm’s
                length principles. We may face material and adverse tax consequences if the PRC tax authorities
                determine that the contractual arrangements between our PRC subsidiaries the VIEs in China, and
                the VIEs’ shareholders were not entered into on an arm’s length basis in such a way as to result in
                an impermissible reduction in taxes under applicable PRC laws, rules and regulations, and adjust
                VIEs’ income in the form of a transfer pricing adjustment. A transfer pricing adjustment could, among
                other things, result in a reduction of expense deductions recorded by VIEs for PRC tax purposes,
                which could in turn increase their tax liabilities without reducing our PRC subsidiary’s tax expenses.
                If any of our PRC subsidiaries requests the shareholders of the respective VIE to transfer their equity
                interests in such VIE at nominal or no value pursuant to the contractual agreements, such transfer
                could be viewed as a gift and subject our PRC subsidiary to PRC income tax. Furthermore, the PRC
                tax authorities may impose late payment fees and other penalties on VIEs for the adjusted but unpaid
                taxes according to the applicable regulations. Our financial position could be materially and adversely
                affected if any of the VIEs’ tax liabilities increase or if any VIE is required to pay late payment fees and
                other penalties.


                We may lose the ability to use and benefit from assets held by the VIEs that are material to the
                operation of our business if the VIEs go bankrupt or becomes subject to dissolution or liquidation
                proceedings.

                As part of our contractual arrangements with the VIEs, the entities may in the future hold certain
                assets that are material to the operation of our business. If any VIE goes bankrupt and all or part of
                its assets become subject to liens or rights of third-party creditors, we may be unable to continue
                some or all of our business activities, which could materially and adversely affect our business,
                financial condition and results of operations. Under the contractual arrangements, the VIEs may
                not, in any manner, sell, transfer, mortgage or dispose of their assets or legal or beneficial interests
                in the business without our prior consent. If any VIE undergoes voluntary or involuntary liquidation
                proceedings, unrelated third-party creditors may claim rights to some or all of these assets, thereby
                hindering our ability to operate our business, which could materially and adversely affect our
                business, financial condition and results of operations.




86   NIO Inc.
                                                                                              PART I


Divestitures of businesses and assets may have a material and adverse effect on our business and
financial condition.

We may undertake in the future, partial or complete divestitures or other disposal transactions
in connection with certain of our businesses and assets, particularly ones that are not closely
related to our core focus areas or might require excessive resources or financial capital, to help our
company meet its objectives. These decisions are largely based on our management’s assessment
of the business models and likelihood of success of these businesses. However, our judgment could
be inaccurate, and we may not achieve the desired strategic and financial benefits from these
transactions. Our financial results could be adversely affected by the impact from the loss of earnings
and corporate overhead contribution/allocation associated with divested businesses.


Dispositions may also involve continued financial involvement in the divested business, such
as through guarantees, indemnities or other financial obligations. Under these arrangements,
performance by the divested businesses or other conditions outside of our control could affect our
future financial results. We may also be exposed to negative publicity as a result of the potential
misconception that the divested business is still part of our consolidated group. On the other hand,
we cannot assure you that the divesting business would not pursue opportunities to provide services
to our competitors or other opportunities that would conflict with our interests. If any conflicts of
interest that may arise between the divesting business and us cannot be resolved in our favor, our
business, financial condition, results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.


Furthermore, reducing or eliminating our ownership interests in these businesses might negatively
affect our operations, prospects, or long-term value. We may lose access to resources or know-
how that would have been useful in the development of our own business. Our ability to diversify or
expand our existing businesses or to move into new areas of business may be reduced, and we may
have to modify our business strategy to focus more exclusively on areas of business where we already
possess the necessary expertise. We may sell our interests too early, and thus forego gains that we
otherwise would have received had we not sold. Selecting businesses to dispose of or spin off, finding
buyers for them (or the equity interests in them to be sold) and negotiating prices for what may be
relatively illiquid ownership interests with no easily ascertainable fair market value will also require
significant attention from our management and may divert resources from our existing business,
which in turn could have an adverse effect on our business operations.


The Hong Kong Stock Exchange has granted us a waiver from strict compliance with the requirements
in Paragraph 3(b) of Practice Note 15 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules such that we are able to list
a subsidiary entity on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange within three years of the listing of our Class
A ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. While we currently do not have any plan with
respect to any spin-off listing on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, we may consider a spin-off listing
on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange for one or more of our businesses within the three-year period
subsequent to our listing in Hong Kong. The waiver granted by the Hong Kong Stock Exchange is
conditional upon us confirming to the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in advance of any spin-off that it
would not render our company incapable of fulfilling the eligibility requirements under Rule 19C.05 of
the Hong Kong Listing Rules based on the financial information of the entity or entities to be spun-off
at the time of the listing of our Class A ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (calculated
cumulatively if more than one entity is spun-off).


                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024      87
     PART I


                RISKS RELATED TO DOING BUSINESS IN CHINA
                The PCAOB had historically been unable to inspect our auditor in relation to their audit work
                performed for our financial statements and the inability of the PCAOB to conduct inspections of our
                auditor in the past has deprived our investors with the benefits of such inspections.

                Our auditor, the independent registered public accounting firm that issues the audit report included
                elsewhere in this annual report, as an auditor of companies that are traded publicly in the United
                States and a firm registered with the PCAOB, is subject to laws in the United States pursuant
                to which the PCAOB conducts regular inspections to assess its compliance with the applicable
                professional standards. The auditor is located in mainland China, a jurisdiction where the PCAOB was
                historically unable to conduct inspections and investigations completely before 2022. As a result,
                we and investors in the ADSs were deprived of the benefits of such PCAOB inspections. The inability
                of the PCAOB to conduct inspections of auditors in China in the past has made it more difficult to
                evaluate the effectiveness of our independent registered public accounting firm’s audit procedures
                or quality control procedures as compared to auditors outside of China that are subject to the PCAOB
                inspections. On December 15, 2022, the PCAOB issued a report that vacated its December 16, 2021
                determination and removed mainland China and Hong Kong from the list of jurisdictions where it
                is unable to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms. However, if the
                PCAOB determines in the future that it no longer has full access to inspect and investigate completely
                accounting firms in mainland China and Hong Kong, and we use an accounting firm headquartered in
                one of these jurisdictions to issue an audit report on our financial statements filed with the SEC, we
                and investors in our ADSs would be deprived of the benefits of such PCAOB inspections again, which
                could cause investors and potential investors in the ADSs to lose confidence in our audit procedures
                and reported financial information and the quality of our financial statements.


                Our ADSs may be prohibited from trading in the United States under the HFCAA in the future if the
                PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate completely auditors located in China. The delisting or
                prohibition of trading of the ADSs, or the threat of their being delisted or prohibited from trading,
                may materially and adversely affect the value of your investment.

                Pursuant to the HFCAA, if the SEC determines that we have filed audit reports issued by a registered
                public accounting firm that has not been subject to inspections by the PCAOB for two consecutive
                years, the SEC will prohibit our shares or ADSs from being traded on a national securities exchange or
                in the over-the-counter trading market in the United States.


                On December 16, 2021, the PCAOB issued a report to notify the SEC of its determination that
                the PCAOB was unable to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms
                headquartered in mainland China and Hong Kong and our auditor was subject to that determination.
                In May 2022, the SEC conclusively listed us as a Commission-Identified Issuer under the HFCAA
                following the filing of our annual report on Form 20-F for the fiscal year ended December 31,
                2021. On December 15, 2022, the PCAOB removed mainland China and Hong Kong from the list of
                jurisdictions where it is unable to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting
                firms. As of the date of this annual report, the PCAOB has not issued any new determination that it
                is unable to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms headquartered in
                any jurisdiction. For this reason, we do not expect to be identified as a Commission-Identified Issuer
                under the HFCAA after we file this annual report on Form 20-F.


88   NIO Inc.
                                                                                              PART I


Each year, the PCAOB will determine whether it can inspect and investigate completely audit firms in
mainland China and Hong Kong, among other jurisdictions. If the PCAOB determines in the future that
it no longer has full access to inspect and investigate completely accounting firms in mainland China
and Hong Kong and we use an accounting firm headquartered in one of these jurisdictions to issue an
audit report on our financial statements filed with the SEC, we would be identified as a Commission-
Identified Issuer following the filing of the annual report on Form 20-F for the relevant fiscal year.
In accordance with the HFCAA, our securities would be prohibited from being traded on a national
securities exchange or in the over-the-counter trading market in the United States if we are identified
as a Commission-Identified Issuer for two consecutive years in the future. Although our Class A
ordinary shares have been listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the Singapore Exchange, and
the ADSs and Class A ordinary shares are fully fungible, we cannot assure you that an active trading
market for our Class A ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the Singapore Exchange
will be sustained or that the ADSs can be converted and traded with sufficient market recognition
and liquidity, if our shares and ADSs are prohibited from trading in the United States. A prohibition
of being able to trade in the United States would substantially impair your ability to sell or purchase
our ADSs when you wish to do so, and the risk and uncertainty associated with delisting would have a
negative impact on the price of our ADSs. Also, such a prohibition would significantly affect our ability
to raise capital on terms acceptable to us, or at all, which would have a material adverse impact on
our business, financial condition, and prospects.


Changes in China’s economic, political or social conditions or government policies could have a
material and adverse effect on our business and results of operations.

The majority of our revenues are expected to be derived in China in the near future and most of
our operations, including all of our manufacturing, is conducted in China. Accordingly, our results
of operations, financial condition and prospects are influenced by economic, political and legal
developments in China. The PRC government may influence China’s economic growth through
strategically allocating resources, controlling the payment of foreign currency-denominated
obligations, setting monetary policy and providing preferential treatment to particular industries
or companies. While the PRC economy has experienced significant growth over the past decades,
that growth has been uneven across different regions and between economic sectors. Any adverse
changes in economic conditions in China, in the policies of the Chinese government or in the laws and
regulations in China could have a material adverse effect on the overall economic growth of China.
Such developments could adversely affect our business and operating results, leading to reduction in
demand for our services and solutions and adversely affect our competitive position.


Uncertainties in the interpretation and enforcement of PRC laws and regulations could limit the
legal protections available to you and us.

The PRC legal system is a civil law system based on written statutes. Prior court decisions may be
cited for reference but have limited precedential value. Our PRC subsidiaries are foreign-invested
enterprises and are subject to laws and regulations applicable to foreign-invested enterprises as well
as various Chinese laws and regulations generally applicable to companies incorporated in China.
However, since these laws and regulations are relatively new and the PRC legal system continues to
rapidly evolve, the interpretations of many laws, regulations and rules are not always uniform and
enforcement of these laws, regulations and rules involves uncertainties.



                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2024      89
     PART I


                From time to time, we may have to resort to administrative and court proceedings to enforce our
                legal rights. However, since PRC administrative and court authorities have significant discretion
                in interpreting and implementing statutory and contractual terms like other jurisdictions do, it
                may be difficult to evaluate the outcome of administrative and court proceedings and the level of
                protection we enjoy in China. Such uncertainties, including uncertainty over the scope and effect of
                our contractual, property (including intellectual property) and procedural rights, and any failure to
                respond to changes in the regulatory environment in China could materially and adversely affect our
                business and impede our ability to continue our operations.


                The approval of or the filing with the CSRC or other PRC government authorities may be required
                in connection with our future offshore listings and capital raising activities. We cannot predict
                whether or for how long we will be able to obtain such approval or filing.

                The Regulations on Mergers and Acquisitions of Domestic Enterprises by Foreign Investors require an
                overseas special purpose vehicle formed for listing purposes through acquisitions of PRC domestic
                companies and controlled by PRC persons or entities to obtain the approval of the CSRC, prior to the
                listing and trading of such special purpose vehicle’s securities on an overseas stock exchange. The
                interpretation and application of the regulations remain unclear and uncertain. If the CSRC approval
                is required for any of our offshore listings and capital raising activities, it is uncertain whether we
                can or how long it will take us to obtain the approval and, even if we obtain such CSRC approval,
                such CSRC approval could be rescinded. Any failure to obtain or delay in obtaining the CSRC approval
                for our offshore listings and capital raising activities if such approval is required, or a rescission of
                such CSRC approval that we have obtained, would subject us to sanctions imposed by the CSRC or
                other PRC regulatory authorities, which could include fines and penalties on our operations in the
                PRC, restrictions or limitations on our ability to pay dividends outside of the PRC, and other forms of
                sanctions that may materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of
                operations.


                On July 6, 2021, the PRC government authorities issued the Opinions on Strictly Cracking Down Illegal
                Securities Activities in Accordance with the Law , which called for the enhanced administration over
                illegal securities activities and supervision of overseas-listed China-based companies, proposed to
                revise the regulation governing the overseas issuance and listing of shares by such companies and
                clarified the responsibilities of competent domestic industry regulators and government authorities.




90   NIO Inc.
                                                                                               PART I


On February 17, 2023, the CSRC issued the Trial Administrative Measures of Overseas Securities
Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies and five supporting guidelines, which took effect
on March 31, 2023. According to these rules, the issuer or a major domestic operating company
designated by the issuer, as the case may be, shall file with the CSRC, among other things, (i)
with respect to its follow-on offering in the same foreign market within three business days, after
completion of the follow-on offering, and (ii) with respect to its follow-on offering and listing in
other foreign markets within three business days, after its initial filing of the listing application to
the regulator in the place of such intended listing. Non-compliance with these rules or an overseas
listing completed in breach of them may result in a warning on the domestic companies and a fine
of RMB1 million to RMB10 million on them. Furthermore, the supervisors directly responsible and
other directly responsible persons of the domestic enterprises may be warned, and fined between
RMB500,000 to RMB5,000,000. The controlling shareholders or actual controllers of the domestic
company which organize or instigate the illegal acts, or conceal matters resulting in the illegal acts,
may be fined between RMB1 million to RMB10 million. On February 17, 2023, the CSRC issued the
Notice on Administrative Arrangements for the Filing of Domestic Enterprise’s Overseas Offering and
Listing, which stipulates the domestic enterprises like us that have completed overseas listings are
not required to file with the CSRC in accordance with these rules immediately, but shall carry out
filing procedures as required if we conduct refinancing or fall within other circumstances that require
filing with the CSRC.


Considering that these rules have been promulgated recently, there are still some uncertainties about
how to further refine and implement the requirements, which needs to be further guided and clarified
by the CSRC and other regulatory authorities. If we have subsequent filing or reporting matters in
the future, such as future offshore listings, refinancing and other capital raising activities, as well
as other major events, including but not limited to the change of control, investigated or punished by
overseas securities regulatory authorities or competent authorities, changing listing status or listing
sector, terminating the listing voluntarily or forcibly, and changing our major business activities,
given the substantial uncertainties surrounding the latest CSRC filing requirements at this stage, we
cannot assure you that we will be able to complete the filings or reporting and fully comply with the
new rules and requirements in a timely manner or at all. See “Item 4. Information on the Company – B.
Business Overview – Regulations – M&A Rules and Overseas Listing.”


The CSRC or other PRC regulatory authorities also may take actions requiring us, or making it
advisable for us, to halt our offshore listings or future capital raising activities before settlement and
delivery of the proceeds hereby. Consequently, if you engage in market trading or other activities in
anticipation of and prior to settlement and delivery, you do so at the risk that settlement and delivery
may not occur. In addition, if the CSRC or other regulatory authorities later promulgate new rules
or explanations requiring that we obtain their approvals or accomplish the required filing or other
regulatory procedures for our offshore listings or future capital raising activities, we may be unable to
obtain a waiver of such approval requirements, if and when procedures are established to obtain such
a waiver. Any uncertainties or negative publicity regarding such approval, filing or other requirements
could materially and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, reputation, and the
proceeds of the shares.




                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024      91
     PART I


                We may be adversely affected by the complexity, uncertainties and changes in PRC regulations
                on internet-related business, automotive businesses and other business carried out by our PRC
                subsidiaries and the VIEs.

                We operate in the automotive and internet industry, both of which are extensively regulated by the
                PRC government. For example, the PRC government imposes foreign ownership restrictions and
                licensing and permit requirements for companies in the internet industry. See “Item 4. Information
                on the Company – B. Business Overview – Regulations – Regulations on Foreign Investment in
                China” and “–Regulations on Value-added Telecommunications Services.” Manufacturing of our
                vehicles is subject to extensive regulations in China. See “Item 4. Information on the Company – B.
                Business Overview – Regulations – Regulations and Approvals Covering the Manufacturing of New
                Energy Vehicles.” These laws and regulations are relatively new and evolving, and their interpretation
                and enforcement involve significant uncertainties. As a result, in certain circumstances it may be
                difficult to determine what actions or omissions may be deemed to be in violation of applicable laws
                and regulations and furthermore, we cannot assure you that we have complied or will be able to
                comply with all applicable laws at all times. Consequently, we could face the risks of being subject
                to governmental investigations, orders by the competent authorities for rectification, administrative
                penalties or other legal proceedings.


                Currently, we rely on the contractual arrangements with Beijing NIO and its shareholders to hold an
                ICP license, and separately own the domain names and trademarks in connection with our internet
                services and operate our website and mobile application through NIO Co., Ltd. Our internet services
                may be treated as a value-added telecommunications business. If so, we may be required to transfer
                the domain names, trademark and the operations of the internet services from NIO Co., Ltd. to Beijing
                NIO, and we may also be subject to administrative penalties. We rely on the contractual arrangements
                with Anhui NIO DT and its shareholders to operate insurance brokerage services. NIO Insurance
                Broker Co., Ltd., the subsidiary of Anhui NIO DT, currently holds an insurance brokerage license and
                provides insurance brokerage services primarily related to vehicles and properties. We intend to apply
                for requisite licenses for Anhui NIO AT for certain supporting functions during the development of
                our assisted and intelligent driving technology. Any challenge to the validity of these arrangements
                may significantly disrupt our business, subject us to sanctions, compromise enforceability of our
                contractual arrangements, or have other harmful effects on us. It is uncertain, (i) if Beijing NIO or NIO
                Co., Ltd. will be required to obtain a separate operating license for certain services that we carried
                out through our mobile application in addition to the valued-added telecommunications business
                operating licenses for internet content provision services, and if Beijing NIO will be required to
                supplement our current ICP license in the future, (ii) if Anhui NIO DT, its subsidiary or NIO China will be
                required to obtain a separate operating license for certain services that we carried out in addition to
                the insurance brokerage license, and if Anhui NIO DT or its subsidiary will be required to supplement
                our current insurance brokerage license in the future; and (iii) if Anhui NIO AT or Anhui NIO AD will be
                required to obtain a separate operating license for certain services that we carried out in addition to
                certain required licenses to be applied for, and if Anhui NIO AT will be required to supplement certain
                required licenses to be applied for in the future.




92   NIO Inc.
                                                                                              PART I


In addition, our mobile applications are also regulated by the Administrative Provisions on Information
Services of Mobile Internet Applications promulgated by CAC in June 2022, which took effect on
August 1, 2022 and replaces its predecessor regulation. According to these provisions, the providers
of mobile applications shall be responsible for the information contents presented and shall not
produce and disseminate illegal information and shall consciously prevent and resist unhealthy
information. However, we cannot assure that all the information or content displayed on, retrieved
from or linked to our mobile applications complies with the requirements of these provisions at all
times. If our mobile applications were found to be violating these provisions, we may be subject to
administrative penalties, including warning, service suspension or removal of our mobile applications
from the mobile application store, which may materially and adversely affect our business and
operating results.


The interpretation and application of existing PRC laws, regulations and policies and possible
new laws, regulations or policies relating to the internet industry, particularly the policies relating
to value-added telecommunications services, have created substantial uncertainties regarding
the legality of existing and future foreign investments in the businesses and activities of internet
businesses in China, including our business.


Several PRC regulatory authorities, such as the State Administration for Market Regulation, the
NDRC, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, and the Ministry of Commerce, oversee
different aspects of our operations, and we are required to obtain a wide range of government
approvals, licenses, permits and registrations in connection with our operations. For example,
certain filings must be made by automobile dealers through the information system for the national
automobile circulation operated by the commerce department within 90 days after the receipt of a
business license. Furthermore, the NEV industry is relatively new in China, and the PRC government
has not adopted a clear regulatory framework to regulate the industry. As some of the laws, rules
and regulations that we may be subject to were primarily enacted with a view toward application to
ICE vehicles, or are relatively new, there is significant uncertainty regarding their interpretation and
application with respect to our business. For example, it remains unclear under PRC laws whether
our charging vans need to be registered with related local traffic management authorities or obtain
transportation operation licenses for their services, and whether we would be required to obtain any
particular permit or license to be qualified to provide our charging services in cooperation with third-
party charging stations. In addition, the PRC government may enact new laws and regulations that
require additional licenses, permits, approvals and/or registrations for the operation of any of our
existing or future business. As a result, we cannot assure you that we have all the permits, licenses,
registrations, approvals and/or business license covering the sufficient scope of business required
for our business or that we will be able to obtain, maintain or renew permits, licenses, registrations,
approvals and/or business license covering sufficient scope of business in a timely manner or at all.




                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024      93
     PART I


                The PRC government’s significant oversight over our business operation could result in a material
                adverse change in our operations and the value of our ADSs.

                We conduct our business primarily in China. Our operations in China are governed by PRC laws and
                regulations. The PRC government has significant oversight over the conduct of our business, and may
                influence our operations as the government deems appropriate to advance regulatory and societal
                goals and policy positions. The PRC government has recently published new policies that significantly
                affected certain industries and we cannot rule out the possibility that it will in the future release
                regulations or policies that directly or indirectly affect our industry or require us to seek additional
                permission to continue our operations, which could result in a material adverse change in our
                operation and/or the value of our ADSs. Therefore, investors of our company and our business face
                potential uncertainty from actions taken by the PRC government affecting our business.


                We may rely on distributions by our PRC subsidiaries for our financing requirements, and any
                limitation on our PRC subsidiaries to make payments to us could have a material and adverse
                effect on our business.

                We are a holding company, and we may rely on dividends and other distributions on equity paid
                by our PRC subsidiaries for our cash and financing requirements, including the funds necessary
                to pay dividends and other cash distributions to our shareholders and service any debt we may
                incur. Current PRC regulations permit our PRC subsidiaries to pay dividends to us only out of their
                accumulated after-tax profits upon satisfaction of statutory conditions and procedures, if any,
                determined in accordance with Chinese accounting standards and regulations. In addition, each of
                our PRC subsidiaries is required to set aside at least 10% of its after-tax profits each year, if any, to
                fund certain reserve funds until the total amount set aside reaches 50% of its registered capital. As
                of December 31, 2024, most of our PRC subsidiaries and the VIEs had not made appropriations to
                statutory reserves as our PRC subsidiaries and the VIEs reported accumulated loss. For a detailed
                discussion of applicable PRC regulations governing distribution of dividends, see “Item 4. Information
                on the Company – B. Business Overview – Regulations – Regulations on Dividend Distribution.”
                Additionally, if our PRC subsidiaries incur debt on their own behalf in the future, the instruments
                governing their debt may restrict their ability to pay dividends or make other distributions to us.
                Furthermore, the PRC tax authorities may require our subsidiaries to adjust their taxable income
                under the contractual arrangements they currently have in place with the VIEs in a manner that would
                materially and adversely affect their ability to pay dividends and other distributions to us. See “Risks
                Related to Our Corporate Structure – Our contractual arrangements with the VIEs may be subject to
                scrutiny by the PRC tax authorities and they may determine that we or the VIEs owe additional taxes,
                which could negatively affect our financial condition.” In addition, the incurrence of indebtedness by
                our PRC subsidiaries could result in operating and financing covenants and undertakings to creditors
                that would restrict the ability of our PRC subsidiaries to pay dividends to us.


                Any limitation on the ability of our PRC subsidiaries to pay dividends or make other distributions to us
                could materially and adversely limit our ability to grow, make investments or acquisitions that could
                be beneficial to our business, pay dividends, or otherwise fund and conduct our business. See “–If we
                are classified as a PRC resident enterprise for PRC income tax purposes, such classification could
                result in unfavorable tax consequences to us and our non-PRC shareholders or ADS holders.”




94   NIO Inc.
                                                                                             PART I


Increases in labor costs and enforcement of stricter labor laws and regulations in the PRC may
adversely affect our business and our profitability.

China’s overall economy and the average wage in China have increased in recent years and are
expected to grow. The average wage level for our employees has also increased in recent years. We
expect that our labor costs, including wages and employee benefits, will increase. Unless we are able
to pass on these increased labor costs to those who pay for our services, our profitability and results
of operations may be materially and adversely affected.


In addition, we have been subject to stricter regulatory requirements in terms of entering into labor
contracts with our employees, limitation with respect to utilization of labor dispatching, applying for
foreigner work permits, labor protection and labor condition and paying various statutory employee
benefits, including pensions, housing fund, medical insurance, work-related injury insurance,
unemployment insurance and maternity insurance to designated government agencies for the benefit
of our employees. Pursuant to the PRC Labor Contract Law and its implementation rules, employers
are subject to stricter requirements in terms of signing labor contracts, minimum wages, paying
remuneration, determining the term of employee’s probation and unilaterally terminating labor
contracts. In the event that we decide to terminate some of our employees or otherwise change our
employment or labor practices, the PRC Labor Contract Law and its implementation rules may limit
our ability to effect those changes in a desirable or cost-effective manner, which could adversely
affect our business and results of operations.


Companies registered and operating in China are required under the PRC Social Insurance Law (latest
amended in 2018) and the Regulations on the Administration of Housing Funds (latest amended in
2019) to, apply for social insurance registration and housing fund deposit registration within 30 days
of their establishment, and to pay for their employees different social insurance including pension
insurance, medical insurance, work-related injury insurance, unemployment insurance and maternity
insurance to the extent required by law. However, certain of our PRC subsidiaries and the VIEs that do
not hire any employees and are not a party to any employment agreement, have not applied for and
obtained such registration, and instead of paying the social insurance payment on their own for their
employees, certain of our PRC subsidiaries and the VIEs use third-party agencies to pay in the name
of such agency. We could be subject to orders by the competent labor authorities for rectification and
failure to comply with the orders may further subject us to administrative fines.


As the interpretation and implementation of labor-related laws and regulations are still evolving, our
employment practices may violate labor-related laws and regulations in China, which may subject us
to labor disputes or government investigations. We cannot assure you that we have complied or will
be able to comply with all labor-related law and regulations including those relating to obligations to
make social insurance payments and contribute to the housing provident funds. If we are deemed to
have violated labor laws and regulations, we could be required to provide additional compensation
to our employees and our business, financial condition and results of operations will be adversely
affected.




                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2024    95
     PART I


                Furthermore, in order to control labor costs, we conducted a series of organizational restructuring
                to cut headcount in 2019, which we believe has negatively affected our reputation, brand image
                and our ability to retain the remaining qualified staff and skilled employees. We could undertake
                an organizational restructuring again in the future, the occurrence of which will pose negative
                implications on our competitive position, cost us qualified employees and subject us to potential
                employment lawsuits. Any of the above would negatively affect our business, financial condition and
                results of operations.


                Fluctuations in exchange rates could have a material and adverse effect on our results of
                operations.

                The conversion of RMB into foreign currencies, including U.S. dollars, is based on rates set by the
                People’s Bank of China. The RMB has fluctuated against the U.S. dollar, at times significantly and
                unpredictably. The value of RMB against the U.S. dollar and other currencies is affected by changes
                in China’s political and economic conditions and by China’s foreign exchange policies, among other
                things. We cannot assure you that RMB will not appreciate or depreciate significantly in value against
                the U.S. dollar in the future. It is difficult to predict how market forces or PRC or U.S. government
                policy may impact the exchange rate between RMB and the U.S. dollar in the future.


                Any significant appreciation or depreciation of RMB may materially and adversely affect our revenues,
                earnings and financial position, and the value of, and any dividends payable on, our ADSs in U.S.
                dollars. For example, to the extent that we need to convert U.S. dollars we receive into RMB to pay
                our operating expenses, appreciation of RMB against the U.S. dollar would have an adverse effect on
                the RMB amount we would receive from the conversion. Conversely, a significant depreciation of RMB
                against the U.S. dollar may significantly reduce the U.S. dollar equivalent of our earnings, which in
                turn could adversely affect the price of our ADSs.


                Very limited hedging options are available in China to reduce our exposure to exchange rate
                fluctuations. While we have entered into and may continue to enter into hedging transactions in the
                future, the availability and effectiveness of these hedges may be limited, and we may not be able to
                adequately hedge our exposure or at all. In addition, our currency exchange losses may be magnified
                by PRC exchange control regulations that restrict our ability to convert RMB into foreign currency. As
                a result, fluctuations in exchange rates may have a material adverse effect on your investment.




96   NIO Inc.
                                                                                               PART I


PRC regulation on funding PRC subsidiaries by offshore entities and governmental control of
currency conversion may delay or prevent us from funding our PRC subsidiaries, which could
materially and adversely affect our liquidity and business.

Under PRC laws and regulations, we are permitted to utilize the proceeds of any financing outside
China to fund our PRC subsidiaries by making loans to or additional capital contributions to our PRC
subsidiaries, subject to applicable government registration, statutory limitations on amount and
approval requirements. For more details, see “Item 4. Information on the Company – B. Business
Overview – Regulations – Regulations on Foreign Exchange.” These PRC laws and regulations may
significantly limit our ability to use Renminbi converted from the net proceeds of any financing
outside China to fund the establishment of new entities in China by our PRC subsidiaries, to invest in
or acquire any other PRC companies through our PRC subsidiaries, or to establish new VIEs in China.
Moreover, we cannot assure you that we will be able to complete the necessary registrations or
obtain the necessary government approvals on a timely basis, if at all, with respect to future loans to
our PRC subsidiaries or future capital contributions that we made to our PRC subsidiaries. If we fail to
complete such registrations or obtain such approvals, our ability to use the proceeds we received or
expect to receive from our offshore offerings and to capitalize or otherwise fund our PRC operations
may be negatively affected, which could materially and adversely affect our liquidity and our ability to
fund and expand our business.


On December 26, 2017, the NDRC issued the Management Rules for Overseas Investment by
Enterprises. On February 11, 2018, the Catalog on Overseas Investment in Sensitive Industries (2018
Edition) was promulgated. Overseas investment governed by these rules refers to the investment
activities conducted by an enterprise located in the territory of China either directly or via an overseas
enterprise under its control through making investment with assets and equities or providing
financing or guarantees in order to obtain overseas ownership, control, management rights and other
related interests, and overseas investment by a PRC individual through overseas enterprises under
his/her control is also subject to these rules. According to these rules, before being conducted, any
overseas investment in a sensitive industry or any direct investment by a Chinese enterprise in a
non-sensitive industry but with an investment amount over US$300 million requires approval from,
or filing with, the NDRC, and for those non-sensitive investments indirectly by Chinese investors
(including PRC individuals) with investment amounts over US$300 million need to be reported.
However, uncertainties remain with respect to the interpretation and application of these rules,
we are not sure whether our using of proceeds will be subject to these rules. If we fail to obtain the
approval, complete the filing or report our overseas investment with our proceeds (as the case may
be) in a timely manner provided that these rules are applicable, we may be forced to suspend or cease
our investment, or be subject to penalties or other liabilities, which could materially and adversely
affect our business, financial condition and prospects.




                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024      97
     PART I


                Governmental control of currency conversion may limit our ability to utilize our revenues
                effectively.

                The PRC government imposes controls on the convertibility of Renminbi into foreign currencies
                and, in certain cases, the remittance of currency out of China. Under existing PRC foreign exchange
                regulations, payments of current account items, such as profit distributions and trade and service-
                related foreign exchange transactions, can be made in foreign currencies without prior approval
                from the State Administration of Foreign Exchange, or SAFE, by complying with certain procedural
                requirements. However, approval from or registration with appropriate governmental authorities
                is required where Renminbi is to be converted into a foreign currency and remitted out of China to
                pay capital expenses, such as the repayment of loans denominated in foreign currencies. See “Item
                4. Information on the Company – B. Business Overview – Regulations – Regulations on Foreign
                Exchange.”


                Since 2016, the PRC government has further tightened its foreign exchange policies and enhanced
                its scrutiny of major outbound capital movement. More restrictions and a substantial vetting process
                have been put in place by SAFE to regulate cross-border transactions falling under the capital
                account. The PRC government may also restrict access in the future to foreign currencies for current
                account transactions, at its discretion. We receive substantially all of our revenues in RMB. If the
                foreign exchange control system prevents us from obtaining sufficient foreign currencies to satisfy
                our foreign currency demands, we may not be able to pay dividends in foreign currencies to our
                shareholders, including holders of our ADSs.


                PRC regulations on offshore investment by PRC residents may prevent our PRC subsidiaries from
                distributing profits to us or expose us or our PRC resident beneficial owners to penalties under PRC
                law.

                SAFE requires PRC residents or entities to register with SAFE or its local branch in connection
                with their establishment or control of an offshore entity established for the purpose of overseas
                investment or financing. In addition, such PRC residents or entities must update their SAFE
                registrations when the offshore special purpose vehicle undergoes certain material events. See
                “Item 4. Information on the Company – B. Business Overview – Regulations – Regulations on Foreign
                Exchange – Offshore Investment.”


                If our shareholders who are PRC residents or entities do not complete their registration with the
                local SAFE branches, our PRC subsidiaries may be prohibited from distributing their profits and any
                proceeds from any reduction in capital, share transfer or liquidation to us, and we may be restricted
                in our ability to contribute additional capital to our PRC subsidiaries. Moreover, failure to comply
                with SAFE registration requirements could result in liability under PRC laws for evasion of applicable
                foreign exchange restrictions.




98   NIO Inc.
                                                                                              PART I


However, we may not be informed of the identities of all the PRC residents or entities holding
direct or indirect interests in our company, nor can we compel our beneficial owners to comply with
SAFE registration requirements. As a result, we cannot assure you that all of our shareholders or
beneficial owners who are PRC residents or entities have complied with, and will in the future make
or obtain any applicable registrations or approvals required by, SAFE regulations. Failure by such
shareholders or beneficial owners to comply with SAFE regulations, or our failure to amend the
foreign exchange registrations of our PRC subsidiaries, could subject us to fines or legal sanctions,
restrict our overseas or cross-border investment activities, limit our PRC subsidiaries’ ability to make
distributions or pay dividends to us or affect our ownership structure, which could adversely affect
our business and prospects.


China’s M&A Rules and other regulations establish complex procedures for certain acquisitions of
PRC companies by foreign investors, which could make it difficult for us to pursue growth through
acquisitions in China.

A number of PRC laws and regulations have established procedures and requirements that could
make merger and acquisition activities in China by foreign investors more time-consuming and
complex. In addition to the Anti-Monopoly Law of China itself, these include the Rules on Mergers
and Acquisitions of Domestic Enterprises by Foreign Investors, adopted by six PRC governmental
and regulatory agencies in 2006 and amended in 2009, and the Rules of the Ministry of Commerce
on Implementation of Security Review System of Mergers and Acquisitions of Domestic Enterprises
by Foreign Investors, promulgated in 2011. These laws and regulations impose requirements in some
instances that the Ministry of Commerce be notified in advance of any change-of-control transaction
in which a foreign investor takes control of a PRC domestic enterprise. In addition, the Anti-Monopoly
Law of China requires that the Ministry of Commerce be notified in advance of any concentration
of undertaking if certain thresholds are triggered. Moreover, these rules specify that mergers and
acquisitions by foreign investors that raise “national defense and security” concerns and mergers and
acquisitions through which foreign investors may acquire de facto control over domestic enterprises
that raise “national security” concerns are subject to strict review by the Ministry of Commerce, and
prohibit any attempt to bypass a security review, including by structuring the transaction through
a proxy or contractual control arrangement. In the future, we may grow our business by acquiring
complementary businesses. Complying with the requirements of the regulations to complete such
transactions could be time-consuming, and any required approval processes, including approval from
the Ministry of Commerce, may delay or inhibit our ability to complete such transactions, which could
affect our ability to expand our business or maintain our market share.




                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024      99
      PART I


                 Any failure to comply with PRC regulations regarding the registration requirements for employee
                 stock incentive plans may subject the PRC plan participants or us to fines and other legal or
                 administrative sanctions.

                 Under SAFE regulations, PRC residents who participate in a stock incentive plan in an overseas
                 publicly listed company are required to register with SAFE or its local branches and complete certain
                 other procedures. See “Item 4. Information on the Company – B. Business Overview – Regulations –
                 Regulations on Employment and Social Welfare – Employee Stock Incentive Plan.” We and our PRC
                 resident employees who participate in our share incentive plans are subject to these regulations
                 since we became a public company listed in the United States. If we or any of these PRC resident
                 employees fail to comply with these regulations, we or such employees may be subject to fines and
                 other legal or administrative sanctions. We also face regulatory uncertainties that could restrict our
                 ability to adopt additional incentive plans for our directors, executive officers and employees under
                 PRC law.


                 Discontinuation of any of the preferential tax treatments and government subsidies or imposition
                 of any additional taxes and surcharges could adversely affect our financial condition and results of
                 operations.

                 Our PRC subsidiaries currently benefit from a number of preferential tax treatments. For example,
                 one of our subsidiaries, NIO Technology (Anhui) Co., Ltd., is entitled to enjoy, after completing certain
                 application formalities, a 15% preferential enterprise income tax from 2022 as it has been qualified
                 as a “High and New Technology Enterprise” under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law and related
                 regulations. The discontinuation of any of the preferential income tax treatment that we currently
                 enjoy could have a material and adverse effect on our result of operations and financial condition. We
                 cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain or lower our current effective tax rate in the future.


                 In addition, our PRC subsidiaries have received various financial subsidies from PRC local government
                 authorities. The financial subsidies result from discretionary incentives and policies adopted by PRC
                 local government authorities. Local governments may decide to change or discontinue such financial
                 subsidies at any time. The discontinuation of such financial subsidies or imposition of any additional
                 taxes could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.




100   NIO Inc.
                                                                                              PART I


If we are classified as a PRC resident enterprise for PRC income tax purposes, such classification
could result in unfavorable tax consequences to us and our non-PRC shareholders or ADS holders.

Under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law and its implementation rules, an enterprise established
outside of the PRC with a “de facto management body” within the PRC is considered a PRC resident
enterprise. The implementation rules define the term “de facto management body” as the body that
exercises full and substantial control over and overall management of the business, productions,
personnel, accounts and properties of an enterprise. In 2009, the State Taxation Administration
issued a circular, known as Circular 82, which provides certain specific criteria for determining
whether the “de facto management body” of a PRC-controlled enterprise that is incorporated offshore
is located in China. Although Circular 82 only applies to offshore enterprises controlled by PRC
enterprises or PRC enterprise groups, not those controlled by PRC individuals or foreigners like us,
the criteria set forth in the circular may reflect the State Taxation Administration’s general position
on how the “de facto management body” test should be applied in determining the tax resident status
of all offshore enterprises. According to Circular 82, an offshore incorporated enterprise controlled by
a PRC enterprise or a PRC enterprise group will be regarded as a PRC tax resident by virtue of having
its “de facto management body” in China and will be subject to PRC enterprise income tax on its
global income only if all of the following conditions are met: (i) the primary location of the day-to-day
operational management is in the PRC; (ii) decisions relating to the enterprise’s financial and human
resource matters are made or are subject to approval by organizations or personnel in the PRC;
(iii) the enterprise’s primary assets, accounting books and records, company seals, and board and
shareholder resolutions, are located or maintained in the PRC; and (iv) at least 50% of voting board
members or senior executives habitually reside in the PRC.


We believe that none of our entities outside of China is a PRC resident enterprise for PRC tax
purposes. However, the tax resident status of an enterprise is subject to determination by the PRC
tax authorities and uncertainties remain with respect to the interpretation of the term “de facto
management body.” If the PRC tax authorities determine that we are a PRC resident enterprise for
enterprise income tax purposes, we will be subject to the enterprise income tax on our global income
at the rate of 25% and we will be required to comply with PRC enterprise income tax reporting
obligations. In addition, we may be required to withhold a 10% withholding tax from interest or
dividends we pay to our shareholders that are non-PRC resident enterprises, including the holders
of our ADSs. In addition, non-PRC resident enterprise shareholders (including our ADS holders) may
be subject to PRC tax at a rate of 10% on gains realized on the sale or other disposition of our ADSs
or ordinary shares, if such income is treated as sourced from within the PRC. Furthermore, if PRC
tax authorities determine that we are a PRC resident enterprise for enterprise income tax purposes,
interest or dividends paid to our non-PRC individual shareholders (including our ADS holders) and any
gain realized on the transfer of the ADSs or ordinary shares by such holders may be subject to PRC
tax at a rate of 20% (which, in the case of interest or dividends, we may withhold at source), if such
gains are deemed to be from PRC sources. These rates may be reduced by an applicable tax treaty,
but it is unclear whether our non-PRC shareholders would be able to claim the benefits of any tax
treaties between their country of tax residence and the PRC in the event that we are treated as a PRC
resident enterprise.




                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2024      101
      PART I


                 We may not be able to obtain certain benefits under tax arrangements on dividends paid by our
                 PRC subsidiaries to us through our Hong Kong subsidiary.

                 We are a holding company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands and as such rely on
                 dividends and other distributions on equity from our PRC subsidiaries to satisfy part of our liquidity
                 requirements. Pursuant to the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, a withholding tax rate of 10% currently
                 applies to dividends paid by a PRC “resident enterprise” to a foreign enterprise investor, unless any
                 such foreign investor’s jurisdiction of incorporation has a tax treaty with China that provides for
                 preferential tax treatment. Pursuant to the Arrangement between Mainland China and the Hong Kong
                 Special Administrative Region for the Avoidance of Double Taxation and Tax Evasion on Income, such
                 withholding tax rate may be lowered to 5% if a Hong Kong resident enterprise owns no less than 25%
                 of a PRC enterprise. Furthermore, the Administrative Measures for Non-Resident Enterprises to Enjoy
                 Treatments under Treaties, which took effect in January 2020, require non-resident enterprises to
                 determine whether they are qualified to enjoy the preferential tax treatment under the tax treaties
                 and file report and materials with the tax authorities. There are also other conditions for enjoying the
                 reduced withholding tax rate according to other tax rules and regulations. See “Item 5. Operating and
                 Financial Review and Prospects – A. Operating Results – Taxation – PRC.” As of December 31, 2024,
                 most of our subsidiaries and the VIEs located in the PRC reported accumulated loss and therefore
                 they had no retained earnings for offshore distribution. In the future, we intend to re-invest all
                 earnings, if any, generated from our PRC subsidiaries for the operation and expansion of our business
                 in China. Should our tax policy change to allow for offshore distribution of our earnings, we would
                 be subject to a significant withholding tax. Our determination regarding our qualification to enjoy
                 the preferential tax treatment could be challenged by the tax authority and we may not be able to
                 complete the necessary filings with the tax authority and enjoy the preferential withholding tax rate of
                 5% under the arrangement with respect to dividends to be paid by our PRC subsidiaries to our Hong
                 Kong subsidiary.


                 We face uncertainty with respect to indirect transfers of equity interests in PRC resident
                 enterprises by their non-PRC holding companies.

                 In February 2015, the State Taxation Administration issued the Circular on Issues of Enterprise
                 Income Tax on Indirect Transfers of Assets by Non-PRC Resident Enterprises, or Circular 7. Circular
                 7 extends its tax jurisdiction to not only indirect transfers but also transactions involving transfer
                 of other taxable assets, through the offshore transfer of a foreign intermediate holding company. In
                 addition, Circular 7 provides certain criteria on how to assess reasonable commercial purposes and
                 has introduced safe harbors for internal group restructurings and the purchase and sale of equity
                 through a public securities market. Circular 7 also brings challenges to both the foreign transferor
                 and transferee (or other person who is obligated to pay for the transfer) of the taxable assets. Where
                 a non-resident enterprise conducts an “indirect transfer” by transferring the taxable assets indirectly
                 by disposing of the equity interests of an overseas holding company, the non-resident enterprise
                 being the transferor, or the transferee, or the PRC entity which directly owned the taxable assets may
                 report to the tax authority such indirect transfer. Using a “substance over form” principle, the PRC
                 tax authority may disregard the existence of the overseas holding company if it lacks a reasonable
                 commercial purpose and was established for the purpose of reducing, avoiding or deferring PRC tax.
                 As a result, gains derived from such indirect transfer may be subject to PRC enterprise income tax,
                 and the transferee or other person who is obligated to pay for the transfer is obligated to withhold



102   NIO Inc.
                                                                                              PART I


the applicable taxes, currently at a rate of 10% for the transfer of equity interests in a PRC resident
enterprise. On October 17, 2017, the State Taxation Administration issued Circular on Issues of Tax
Withholding regarding Non-PRC Resident Enterprise Income Tax, or Circular 37, which took effect on
December 1, 2017 and was amended on June 15, 2018. Circular 37 further clarifies the practice and
procedure of the withholding of non-resident enterprise income tax.


We face uncertainties on the reporting and consequences of future private equity financing
transactions, share exchanges or other transactions involving the transfer of shares in our company
by investors that are non-PRC resident enterprises. The PRC tax authorities may pursue such non-
PRC resident enterprises with respect to a filing or the transferees with respect to withholding
obligations, and request our PRC subsidiaries to assist in the filing. As a result, we and non-PRC
resident enterprises in such transactions may become at risk of being subject to filing obligations or
being taxed under Circular 7 and Circular 37, and may be required to expend valuable resources to
comply with them or to establish that we and our non-PRC resident enterprises should not be taxed
under these regulations, which may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and
results of operations.


If the authorized users of our non-tangible assets, including our corporate chops and seals, fail to
fulfill their responsibilities, or misuse these assets, our business could be materially and adversely
affected.

Under PRC law, legal documents for corporate transactions are executed using the chops or seal of
the signing entity or with the signature of a legal representative whose designation is registered and
filed with the branch of the State Administration for Market Regulation.


Although we usually utilize chops to enter into contracts, the designated legal representatives of each
of our PRC subsidiaries and the VIEs have the apparent authority to enter into contracts on behalf of
such entities without chops and bind such entities. All designated legal representatives of our PRC
subsidiaries and the VIEs are members of our senior management team who have signed employment
agreements with us or our PRC subsidiaries and the VIEs under which they agree to abide by various
duties they owe to us. In order to maintain the physical security of our chops and chops of our PRC
entities, we generally store these items in secured locations accessible only by the authorized
personnel in the legal or finance department of each of our subsidiaries and the VIEs. Although we
monitor such authorized personnel, there is no assurance such procedures will prevent all instances
of abuse or negligence. Accordingly, if any of our authorized personnel misuse or misappropriate
our corporate chops or seals, we could encounter difficulties in maintaining control over the entities
and experience significant disruption to our operations. If a designated legal representative obtains
control of the chops in an effort to obtain control over any of our PRC subsidiaries or the VIEs, we
or our PRC subsidiaries or the VIEs would need to pass a new shareholders or board resolution to
designate a new legal representative and we would need to take legal action to seek the return of
the chops, apply for new chops with the authorities, or otherwise seek legal redress for the violation
of the representative’s fiduciary duties to us, which could involve significant time and resources and
divert management attention away from our regular business. In addition, the affected entity may not
be able to recover corporate assets that are sold or transferred out of our control in the event of such
a misappropriation if a transferee relies on the apparent authority of the representative and acts in
good faith.


                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024      103
      PART I


                 Our interest in leased property may be defective or subject to lien and our right to lease, own or
                 use the properties may be therefore challenged, which could cause significant disruption to our
                 business.

                 Under PRC laws, all lease agreements are required to be registered with the local housing authorities.
                 We presently lease several premises in China, some of which have not completed the registration of
                 the ownership rights or the registration of our leases with the authorities. Failure to complete these
                 required registrations may expose our landlords, lessors and us to potential monetary fines. If these
                 registrations are not obtained in a timely manner or at all, we may be subject to monetary fines or
                 may have to relocate our offices and incur the associated losses.


                 Some of the ownership certificates or other similar proof of certain leased properties have not been
                 provided to us by the lessors. Therefore, we cannot assure you that such lessors are entitled to lease
                 the real properties to us. If the lessors are not entitled to lease the real properties to us and the
                 owners of such real properties decline to ratify the lease agreements between us and the respective
                 lessors, we may not be able to enforce our rights to lease such properties under the respective lease
                 agreements against the owners. If our lease agreements are claimed as null and void by third parties
                 who are the real owners of such leased real properties, we could be required to vacate the properties,
                 in the event of which we could only initiate the claim against the lessors under lease agreements for
                 indemnities for their breach of the leasing agreements. In addition, we may not be able to renew our
                 existing lease agreements before their expiration dates, in which case we may be required to vacate
                 the properties. We cannot assure you that suitable alternative locations are readily available on
                 commercially reasonable terms, or at all, and if we are unable to relocate our operations in a timely
                 manner, our operations may be adversely affected.


                 Some of our PRC subsidiaries have incurred or will incur indebtedness and may, in connection
                 therewith, create mortgage, pledge or other lien over substantive operating assets, facilities or equity
                 interests of certain PRC subsidiaries as guarantee to their repayment of indebtedness or as counter
                 guarantee to third-party guarantors which provide guarantee to our PRC subsidiaries’ repayment
                 of indebtedness. In the event that the PRC subsidiaries fail to perform their repayment obligations,
                 or such guarantors perform their guarantee obligations, claims may be raised to our substantive
                 operating assets, facilities or equity interests of the PRC subsidiaries in question. If we cannot
                 continue to own or use such assets, facilities or equity interests, our operation may be adversely
                 affected.




104   NIO Inc.
                                                                                             PART I


RISKS RELATED TO OUR ADSS AND CLASS A ORDINARY SHARES
We adopt different practices as to certain matters as compared with many other companies listed
on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.

The trading of our Class A ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange commenced on March
10, 2022 under the stock code “9866.” As a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
pursuant to Chapter 19C of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, we are not subject to certain provisions of
the Hong Kong Listing Rules pursuant to Rule 19C.11, including, among others, rules on notifiable
transactions, connected transactions, share option schemes, content of financial statements as
well as certain other continuing obligations. In addition, in connection with the listing of our Class
A ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, we have applied for a number of waivers and/
or exemptions from strict compliance with the Hong Kong Listing Rules, the Codes on Takeovers and
Mergers and Shares Buy-backs issued by the Securities and Futures Commission, and the Securities
and Futures Ordinance. As a result, we will adopt different practices as to those matters as compared
with other companies listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange that do not enjoy those exemptions or
waivers.


Our thirteenth amended and restated articles of association are specific to us and include certain
provisions that may be different from the requirements under the Hong Kong Listing Rules and
common practices in Hong Kong. In particular, in our thirteenth amended and restated amended
articles of associations put forth in the first annual general meeting after the listing of our Class A
ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, or the First AGM, we refer to the Relevant Period
as the period commencing from the date on which any of our Class A ordinary shares first become
secondary listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange to and including the date immediately before the
day which the secondary listing is withdrawn from the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. For example, in
order to comply with applicable Hong Kong Listing Rules, during the Relevant Period, (i) NIO Users
Trust will not have any director nomination right; (ii) our company shall have only one class of shares
with enhanced or weighted voting rights; (iii) our directors shall not have the power to, amongst
others, authorize share split or designate a new share class with enhanced or weighted voting rights;
and (iv) certain restrictions on the weighted voting right structure of our company under Chapter 8A
of the Hong Kong Listing Rules shall apply, including, among others, (a) no further increase in the
proportion of WVR shares, (b) only a director or a director holding vehicle being permitted to hold
WVR shares, and (c) automatic conversion of WVR shares into Class A ordinary shares under certain
circumstances.


Notwithstanding the above and at any time after the Relevant Period, the provisions which are subject
to the Relevant Period will continue to apply in the circumstances where the Company has a change
of listing status on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange other than in the case where the secondary listing
of the Company is withdrawn from the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to the applicable Hong
Kong Listing Rules.


Given certain shareholder protection under the Hong Kong Listing Rules will only be applicable during
the Relevant Period, our investors may be afforded less protection after the Relevant Period under our
amended articles of association adopted in the First AGM – both in comparison to other companies
secondarily listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and to when our company had secondary listing
status on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.


                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024      105
      PART I


                 We may only cease to be secondary listed under Chapter 19C of the Hong Kong Listing Rules under
                 one of the following situations:


                 •   withdrawal, in the case where we are primary listed on another stock exchange and voluntarily
                     withdraw our secondary listing on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange;


                 •   migration of the majority of trading to the Hong Kong Stock Exchange’s markets, in the case where
                     the majority of trading in our listed shares migrates to the Hong Kong Stock Exchange’s markets
                     on a permanent basis;


                 •   primary conversion, i.e., our voluntary conversion to a dual-primary listing on the Hong Kong Stock
                     Exchange;


                 •   overseas de-listing, where our shares or depositary receipts issued on our shares cease to be
                     listed on the stock exchange which we are primary listed;


                 •   if the Hong Kong Stock Exchange cancels the listing of our securities; and


                 •   if the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong directs the Hong Kong Stock Exchange to
                     cancel the listing of our securities.


                 The scenarios under which we may cease to be secondary listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
                 are subject to the changing market conditions, our listing or de-listing in other jurisdictions, our
                 compliance with the listing rules of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and other factors beyond our
                 control. As a result, there are substantial uncertainties relating to applicability of the shareholders’
                 rights and protection under the aforementioned provisions of our amended articles of association
                 adopted in the First AGM particularly in the case where the Company de-lists from the Hong Kong
                 Stock Exchange.


                 As we are listed as a Non-Grandfathered Greater China Issuer pursuant to Chapter 19C of the Hong
                 Kong Listing Rules, our articles of association must comply with the requirements of the Hong Kong
                 Listing Rules unless waived by the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. We have put forth resolutions to
                 our shareholders at the First AGM convened on August 25, 2022 to amend certain provisions of our
                 articles of association in order to comply with the Hong Kong Listing Rules.


                 Furthermore, if 55% or more of the total worldwide trading volume, by dollar value, of our Class
                 A ordinary shares and ADSs over our most recent fiscal year takes place on the Hong Kong Stock
                 Exchange, the Hong Kong Stock Exchange will regard us as having a dual primary listing in Hong
                 Kong and we will no longer enjoy certain exemptions or waivers from strict compliance with the
                 requirements under the Hong Kong Listing Rules, the Codes on Takeovers and Mergers and Shares
                 Buy-backs and the Securities and Futures Ordinance, which could result in us having to amend our
                 corporate structure, articles of association and corporate governance policies to comply with the
                 applicable Hong Kong Listing Rules and we may incur of incremental compliance costs.




106   NIO Inc.
                                                                                                PART I


If we change the listing venue of our securities, you may lose the shareholder protection
mechanisms afforded under the regulatory regimes of the applicable securities exchange.

As a company listed on the New York Stock Exchange, the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the
Singapore Exchange, we are subject to various listing standards and requirements that are aimed
at protecting your rights as shareholders of our company, subject to certain permitted exceptions
applicable to foreign companies. For example, after our listing on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, our
thirteenth amended and restated memorandum and articles of association requires that there should
only be one class of shares with enhanced voting rights, and that certain reserved matters under
the Hong Kong Listing Rules are required to be voted on a one vote per share basis at the general
meetings. In the event that we reduce the number of shares in issue, the holders of WVR shares shall
reduce their voting rights in the Company proportionately through a conversion of a portion of their
Class C shares or otherwise. If we choose to change the listing venue of our securities, including
delisting from either exchanges, you may lose the shareholder protection mechanisms afforded
under the regulatory regimes of the applicable securities exchange. In particular, various factors will
be taken into consideration by the Company in relation to the circumstances under which it may be
considered not desirable or viable for the shares to remain listed on a certain stock exchange, such
as the then regulatory environment of the listing venue, whether the additional compliance burden
arisen by remaining listed in a particular stock exchange will be unduly burdensome for the Company
to further its interest, realize its vision or implementing certain business plans.


The trading prices of our listed securities have been and are likely to continue to be volatile, which
could result in substantial losses to investors.

The trading prices of our listed securities have been and are likely to continue to be volatile and
could fluctuate widely in response to a variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control. For
example, in 2024, the trading price of our ADSs ranged from a low of US$3.61 to a high of US$8.94;
the trading price of our Class A ordinary shares listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange ranged from
a low of HK$28.60 to a high of HK$72.85; the trading price of our Class A ordinary shares listed on the
Main Board of the Singapore Exchange ranged from a low of US$3.71 to a high of US$9.36. The market
price for our listed securities may continue to be volatile and subject to wide fluctuations in response
to factors including, but not limited to, the following:


•   actual or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly results of operations and cash flows;


•   changes in financial estimates by securities research analysts;


•   conditions in automotive markets;




                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2024   107
      PART I


                 •   changes in the operating performance or market valuations of other automotive companies;


                 •   announcements we or our competitors made of new products, acquisitions, strategic partnerships,
                     joint ventures or capital commitments;


                 •   addition or departure of key personnel;


                 •   fluctuations of exchange rates between RMB and the U.S. dollar;


                 •   litigation, government investigation or other legal or regulatory proceeding;


                 •   release of lock-up and other transfer restrictions on our Class A ordinary shares or ADSs, issuance
                     of ADSs or ordinary shares upon conversion of the convertible notes we issued, or any ordinary
                     shares or sales of additional ADSs;


                 •   any actual or alleged illegal acts of our shareholders or management;


                 •   any share repurchase program; and


                 •   general economic or political conditions in China or elsewhere in the world.


                 Any of these factors may result in large and sudden changes in the volume and price at which our
                 Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs will trade.


                 In addition, the stock market in general, and the market prices for companies with operations in China
                 in particular, have experienced volatility that often has been unrelated to the operating performance
                 of such companies. The securities of some China-based companies that have listed their securities
                 in the United States have experienced significant volatility since their initial public offerings in recent
                 years, including, in some cases, substantial declines in the trading prices of their securities. The
                 trading performances of these companies’ securities after their offerings may affect the attitudes of
                 investors towards Chinese companies listed in the United States in general, which consequently may
                 impact the trading performance of our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs, regardless of our actual
                 operating performance. In addition, any negative news or perceptions about inadequate corporate
                 governance practices or fraudulent accounting, corporate structure or other matters of other
                 Chinese companies may also negatively affect the attitudes of investors towards Chinese companies
                 in general, including us, regardless of whether we have engaged in any inappropriate activities. In
                 particular, the global financial crisis and the ensuing economic recessions in many countries have
                 contributed and may continue to contribute to extreme volatility in the global stock markets. These
                 broad market and industry fluctuations may adversely affect the market price of our Class A ordinary
                 shares and/or ADSs. Volatility or a lack of positive performance in our Class A ordinary shares and/
                 or ADSs price may also adversely affect our ability to retain key employees, most of whom have been
                 granted options or other equity incentives.




108   NIO Inc.
                                                                                             PART I


If securities or industry analysts do not publish research or reports about our business, or if they
adversely change their recommendations regarding our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs, the
market price for our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs and trading volume could decline.

The trading market for our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs will be influenced by research or
reports that industry or securities analysts publish about our business. If one or more analysts
who cover us downgrade our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs, the market price for our Class A
ordinary shares and/or ADSs would likely decline. If one or more of these analysts cease to cover us
or fail to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility in the financial markets, which in
turn could cause the market price or trading volume for our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs to
decline.


Our dual-class voting structure will limit the holders of our Class A ordinary shares and ADSs to
influence corporate matters, provide certain shareholders of ours with substantial influence and
could discourage others from pursuing any change of control transactions that holders of our Class
A ordinary shares and ADSs may view as beneficial.

We had historically adopted a triple-class voting structure such that our ordinary shares consisted
of Class A ordinary shares, Class B ordinary shares and Class C ordinary shares. Upon the listing
of our Class A ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, all of our Class B ordinary shares
were converted to Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the conversion notice delivered by the
shareholders. As a result, the Class B ordinary shares were eliminated in our currently effective
thirteenth amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Currently, our ordinary
shares consist of Class A ordinary shares and Class C ordinary shares. Holders of Class A ordinary
shares and Class C ordinary shares have the same rights other than voting and conversion rights.
Each holder of our Class A ordinary shares is entitled to one vote per share, and each holder of our
Class C ordinary shares is entitled to eight votes per share on all matters submitted to them for a
vote. Our Class A ordinary shares and Class C ordinary shares vote together as a single class on all
matters submitted to a vote of our shareholders, except as may otherwise be required by law. Each
Class C ordinary share is convertible into one Class A ordinary share, whereas Class A ordinary shares
are not convertible into Class C ordinary shares under any circumstances. Upon any transfer of Class
C ordinary shares by a holder thereof to any person or entity which is not an affiliate of such holder,
such Class C ordinary shares are automatically and immediately converted into the equal number of
Class A ordinary shares.


As of the date of this annual report, Mr. Bin Li, our founder, chairman and chief executive officer,
together with his affiliates, beneficially own all of our issued Class C ordinary shares. Due to the
disparate voting powers associated with our dual-class share structure, Mr. Li has considerable
influence over important corporate matters. As of April 7, 2025, Mr. Li beneficially owned
approximately 36.7% of the aggregate voting power of our company through mobike Global Ltd. and
Originalwish Limited, companies wholly owned by Mr. Li, and through NIO Users Limited, a holding
company ultimately controlled by Mr. Li and through NIO Users Community Limited, a company wholly
owned by NIO Users Limited. Mr. Li has considerable influence over matters requiring shareholder




                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024      109
      PART I


                 approval, including electing directors and approving material mergers, acquisitions or other business
                 combination transactions. This concentrated control will limit the ability of the holders of our Class
                 A ordinary shares and ADSs to influence corporate matters and could also discourage others from
                 pursuing any potential merger, takeover or other change of control transaction, which could have
                 the effect of depriving the holders of our Class A ordinary shares and our ADSs of the opportunity to
                 sell their shares at a premium over the prevailing market price. Moreover, Mr. Li may increase the
                 concentration of his voting power and/or share ownership in the future, which may, among other
                 consequences, decrease the liquidity in our Class A ordinary shares and ADSs.


                 Techniques employed by short sellers may drive down the market price of our ADSs and/or Class A
                 ordinary shares.

                 Short selling is the practice of selling securities that the seller does not own but rather has borrowed
                 from a third party with the intention of buying identical securities back at a later date to return to
                 the lender. The short seller hopes to profit from a decline in the value of the securities between the
                 sale of the borrowed securities and the purchase of the replacement shares, as the short seller
                 expects to pay less in that purchase than it received in the sale. As it is in the short seller’s interest
                 for the price of the security to decline, many short sellers publish, or arrange for the publication of,
                 negative opinions regarding the issuer and its business prospects in order to create negative market
                 momentum and generate profits for themselves after selling a security short. These short attacks
                 have, in the past, led to selling of shares in the market.


                 Public companies listed in the United States that have a substantial majority of their operations
                 in China have been the subject of short selling. Much of the scrutiny and negative publicity have
                 centered on allegations of a lack of effective internal control over financial reporting resulting in
                 financial and accounting irregularities and mistakes, inadequate corporate governance policies
                 or a lack of adherence thereto and, in many cases, allegations of fraud. As a result, many of these
                 companies are now conducting internal and external investigations into the allegations and, in the
                 interim, are subject to shareholder lawsuits and/or SEC enforcement actions.


                 On June 28, 2022, Grizzly Research LLC issued a short seller report that made certain allegations
                 against us. On June 29, 2022, we announced that our board of directors, including the audit
                 committee, was reviewing the allegations and considering the appropriate course of action to
                 protect the interests of all shareholders. On July 11, 2022, our board of directors, including the audit
                 committee of our board, decided to form an independent committee, consisting of independent
                 directors Mr. Denny Ting Bun Lee, Mr. Hai Wu, and Ms. Yu Long, to oversee an independent internal
                 review regarding the key allegations made in the short seller report. The internal review was
                 performed by the independent committee with the assistance of third-party professional advisors
                 including an international law firm and forensic accounting experts from a well-regarded forensic
                 accounting firm that is not our auditor. On August 26, 2022, we announced that the internal review
                 was substantially completed. Based on findings of the internal review, the independent committee
                 has concluded that the allegations in the short seller report were not substantiated.




110   NIO Inc.
                                                                                              PART I


We may be the subject of unfavorable allegations made by short sellers again in the future. Any such
allegations may be followed by periods of instability in the market price of our Class A ordinary shares
and ADSs and negative publicity. If and when we become the subject of any unfavorable allegations,
whether such allegations are proven to be true or untrue, we would have to expend a significant
amount of resources to investigate such allegations and/or defend ourselves. While we would strongly
defend against any meritless short seller attacks, we may be constrained in the manner in which we
can proceed against the short seller by principles of freedom of speech, applicable federal or state
law or issues of commercial confidentiality. Moreover, while an internal investigation is ongoing
and to ensure that its findings are reached independently without undue influence, we may also
be constrained in our ability to offer a public rebuttal immediately even if the allegation can, in our
view, be readily rebutted. Such a situation could be costly and time-consuming and could distract
our management from growing our business. Even if such allegations are ultimately proven to be
groundless, allegations against us could severely impact our business operations and shareholders’
equity, and the value of any investment in our ADSs and/or Class A ordinary shares could be greatly
reduced or rendered worthless.


The sale or availability for sale of substantial amounts of our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs
could adversely affect their market price.

Sales of substantial amounts of our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs in the public market, or
the perception that these sales could occur, could adversely affect the market price of our Class A
ordinary shares and/or ADSs and could materially impair our ability to raise capital through equity
offerings in the future. We cannot predict what effect, if any, market sales of securities held by our
significant shareholders or any other shareholder or the availability of these securities for future
sale will have on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs. In addition, certain
holders of our existing shareholders are entitled to certain registration rights, including demand
registration rights, piggyback registration rights, and Form F-3 or Form S-3 registration rights.
Registration of these shares under the Securities Act of 1933, or the Securities Act, would result in
these shares becoming freely tradable without restriction under the Securities Act immediately upon
the effectiveness of the registration. Sales of these registered shares in the public market, or the
perception that such sales could occur, could cause the price of our Class A ordinary shares and/or
ADSs to decline.


Because we do not expect to pay dividends in the foreseeable future, the holders of our Class A
ordinary shares and/or ADSs must rely on price appreciation of our Class A ordinary shares and/or
ADSs for return on their investment.

We currently intend to retain most, if not all, of our available funds and any future earnings to fund
the development and growth of our business. As a result, we do not expect to pay any cash dividends
in the foreseeable future. Therefore, you should not rely on an investment in our Class A ordinary
shares and/or ADSs as a source for any future dividend income.




                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024      111
      PART I


                 Our board of directors has complete discretion as to whether to distribute dividends. Even if our board
                 of directors decides to declare and pay dividends, the timing, amount and form of future dividends,
                 if any, will depend on our future results of operations and cash flow, our capital requirements and
                 surplus, the amount of distributions, if any, that we received from our subsidiaries, our financial
                 condition, contractual restrictions and other factors deemed relevant by our board of directors.
                 Accordingly, the return to ADS holders will likely depend entirely upon any future price appreciation of
                 our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs. There is no guarantee that our Class A ordinary shares and/
                 or ADSs will appreciate in value or even maintain the price at which Class A ordinary shares and/or
                 ADS holders purchased the Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs. Our Class A ordinary shares and/or
                 ADS holders may not realize a return on their investment in our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs
                 and they may even lose their entire investment in our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs.


                 There can be no assurance that we will not be classified as a passive foreign investment company,
                 or PFIC, for U.S. federal income tax purposes for any taxable year, which could result in adverse
                 U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. holders of our ADSs or Class A ordinary shares.

                 A non-U.S. corporation, such as our company, will be classified as a passive foreign investment
                 company, or PFIC, for U.S. federal income tax purposes for any taxable year if either (i) 75% or more
                 of its gross income for such year consists of certain types of “passive” income; or (ii) 50% or more of
                 the value of its assets (generally determined on the basis of a quarterly average) during such year is
                 attributable to assets that produce or are held for the production of passive income.


                 Although the law in this regard is not entirely clear, we treat the VIEs as being owned by us for U.S.
                 federal income tax purposes because we control their management decisions and are entitled
                 to substantially all of the economic benefits associated with these entities, and as a result, we
                 consolidate their results of operations in our consolidated U.S. GAAP financial statements. If it were
                 determined, however, that we do not own the VIEs for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we may be
                 treated as a PFIC for the current taxable year and any subsequent taxable year.


                 Assuming that we are the owner of the VIEs for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and based upon
                 our current and expected income and assets, we do not believe that we were a PFIC for the taxable
                 year ended December 31, 2024. However, no assurance can be given that we will not be or become
                 a PFIC in the current or future taxable years because the determination of whether we will be or
                 become a PFIC is a factual determination made annually that will depend, in part, upon the nature
                 and composition of our income and assets (in particular, the retention of substantial amounts of cash
                 and investments). Fluctuations in the market price of our ADSs or Class A ordinary shares may cause
                 us to be or become classified as a PFIC for the current or future taxable years because the value of
                 our assets for purposes of the asset test, including the value of our goodwill and other unbooked
                 intangibles, may be determined by reference to the market price of our ADSs or Class A ordinary
                 shares, which may be volatile. In particular, recent declines in the market price of the ADSs and Class
                 A ordinary shares significantly increased our risk of becoming a PFIC. The market price of the ADSs
                 and Class A ordinary shares may continue to fluctuate considerably and, consequently, we cannot
                 assure you of our PFIC status for any taxable year. Furthermore, the composition of our income and
                 assets may also be affected by how, and how quickly, we use our liquid assets. Under circumstances




112   NIO Inc.
                                                                                              PART I


where our passive income significantly increases relative to our non-passive income, or where
we determine not to deploy significant amounts of cash for active purposes, our risk of becoming
classified as a PFIC may substantially increase. If we were to be or become a PFIC for any taxable year
during which a U.S. holder holds our ADSs or Class A ordinary shares, certain adverse U.S. federal
income tax consequences could apply to such U.S. holders.


Our memorandum and articles of association contain anti-takeover provisions that could have a
material adverse effect on the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares and ADSs.

Our thirteenth amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contain provisions
that have the potential to limit the ability of others to acquire control of our company or cause us to
engage in change-of-control transactions. These provisions could have the effect of depriving our
shareholders of an opportunity to sell their shares at a premium over prevailing market prices by
discouraging third parties from seeking to obtain control of our company in a tender offer or similar
transaction. Our board of directors has the authority, without further action by our shareholders,
to issue preferred shares in one or more series and to fix their designations, powers, preferences,
privileges, and relative participating, optional or special rights and the qualifications, limitations or
restrictions, including dividend rights, conversion rights, voting rights, rights and terms of redemption
and liquidation preferences, any or all of which may be greater than the rights associated with our
ordinary shares, in the form of ADS or otherwise. Preferred shares could be issued quickly with terms
calculated to delay or prevent a change in control of our company or make removal of management
more difficult. If our board of directors decides to issue preferred shares, the price of our Class A
ordinary shares and/or ADSs may fall and the voting and other rights of the holders of our Class A
ordinary shares and ADSs may be materially and adversely affected.


Our shareholders may face difficulties in protecting their interests, and ability to protect their
rights through U.S. courts may be limited, because we are incorporated under Cayman Islands law.

We are an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands. Our corporate
affairs are governed by our thirteenth amended and restated memorandum and articles of
association, the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands, or the Companies Act, and the
common law of the Cayman Islands. The rights of shareholders to take action against the directors,
actions by minority shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors to us under
Cayman Islands law are to a large extent governed by the common law of the Cayman Islands. The
common law of the Cayman Islands is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial precedent
in the Cayman Islands as well as from the common law of England, the decisions of whose courts
are of persuasive authority, but are not binding, on a court in the Cayman Islands. The rights of our
shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under Cayman Islands law are not
as clearly established as they would be under statutes or judicial precedent in some jurisdictions
in the United States. In particular, the Cayman Islands has a less developed body of securities laws
than the United States. Some U.S. states, such as Delaware, have more fully developed and judicially
interpreted bodies of corporate law than the Cayman Islands. In addition, with respect to Cayman
Islands companies, plaintiffs may face special obstacles, including but not limited to those relating
to jurisdiction and standing, in attempting to assert derivative claims in state or federal courts of the
United States.




                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2024      113
      PART I


                 Shareholders of Cayman Islands exempted companies like us have no general rights under
                 Cayman Islands law to inspect corporate records (except for our thirteenth amended and restated
                 memorandum and articles of association and our register of mortgages and charges) or to obtain
                 copies of lists of shareholders of these companies. Our directors have discretion under our thirteenth
                 amended and restated articles of association to determine whether or not, and under what
                 conditions, our corporate records may be inspected by our shareholders, but are not obliged to make
                 them available to our shareholders. This may make it more difficult for our shareholders to obtain
                 the information needed to establish any facts necessary for a shareholder motion or to solicit proxies
                 from other shareholders in connection with a proxy contest.


                 As a Cayman Islands company listed on the New York Stock Exchange, we are subject to the NYSE
                 corporate governance listing standards. However, the NYSE corporate governance listing standards
                 permit a foreign private issuer like us to follow the corporate governance practices of its home
                 country. Certain corporate governance practices in the Cayman Islands, which is our home country,
                 may differ significantly from the NYSE corporate governance listing standards.


                 Pursuant to Sections 303A.01, 303A.04, 303A.05, 303A.07 and 302.00 of the New York Stock Exchange
                 Listed Company Manual, a company listed on the New York Stock Exchange must have a majority
                 of independent directors, a nominating and corporate governance committee composed entirely of
                 independent directors, a compensation committee composed entirely of independent directors and an
                 audit committee with a minimum of three members, and must hold an annual shareholders’ meeting
                 during each fiscal year. We currently follow our home country practice in lieu of these requirements.
                 We may also continue to rely on these and other exemptions available to foreign private issuers in
                 the future, and to the extent that we choose to do so in the future, our shareholders may be afforded
                 less protection than they otherwise would under the NYSE corporate governance listing standards
                 applicable to U.S. domestic issuers. As a result, you may not be afforded the same protections or
                 information, which would be made available to you, were you investing in a United States domestic
                 issuer.


                 It may be difficult for overseas regulators to conduct investigations or collect evidence within
                 China and it may also be challenging to export evidence from China for use in litigation.

                 Shareholder claims or regulatory investigations that are common in the United States generally
                 are difficult to pursue as a matter of law or practicality in China. For example, in China, there are
                 significant legal and other obstacles to providing information needed for regulatory investigations
                 or litigation initiated outside China. With respect to foreign regulatory investigations, although the
                 authorities in China may establish a regulatory cooperation mechanism with the securities regulatory
                 authorities of another country or region to implement cross-border supervision and administration,
                 such cooperation with the securities regulatory authorities in the United States may not be efficient
                 in the absence of mutual and practical cooperation mechanism. According to Article 177 of the PRC
                 Securities Law, which took effect in March 2020, no overseas securities regulator is allowed to directly
                 conduct investigations or evidence collection activities within the territory of the PRC. Furthermore,
                 pursuant to the Provisions on Strengthening the Confidentiality and Archives Administration Related
                 to the Overseas Securities Offering and Listing by Domestic Enterprises which became effective
                 on March 31, 2023, the investigation and evidence collection in relation to the oversea securities




114   NIO Inc.
                                                                                                  PART I


offering and listing of the PRC companies by overseas securities regulatory authorities and relevant
authorities shall be conducted through the cross-border cooperation mechanism for supervision
and administration. The PRC companies shall obtain the prior consent from the CSRC or relevant
authorities before cooperating with such overseas securities regulatory authorities or relevant
authorities in connection with relevant inspections or investigations or providing relevant documents
to such overseas securities regulatory authorities or relevant authorities. The inability of an overseas
securities regulator to directly conduct investigations or evidence collection activities within China
may further increase difficulties faced by you in protecting your interests. With respect to both
foreign regulatory investigations and foreign litigation, Article 36 of the PRC Data Security Law, which
took effect in September 2021, provides that any organization or individual within the territory of the
PRC shall not provide any foreign judicial authority and law enforcement with any data stored within
the territory of the PRC without the approval of the competent authority of the PRC. Since detailed
interpretation of or implementation rules under this article have yet to be promulgated, the ambiguity
of “competent authority” for approving data exportation and its relations with other applicable legal
provisions including Article 177 of the PRC Securities Law may further increase difficulties faced by
you in protecting your interests.


ADS holders may not be entitled to a jury trial with respect to claims arising under the deposit
agreement, which could result in less favorable outcomes to the plaintiff(s) in any such action.

The deposit agreement, dated as of September 11, 2018 by and among NIO Inc., Deutsche Bank Trust
Company Americas, as ADS depositary, and the holders and beneficial owners of the ADSs issued
thereunder (the “deposit agreement”), governing the ADSs representing our Class A ordinary shares
provides that, subject to the depositary’s right to require a claim to be submitted to arbitration,
the federal or state courts in the City of New York have exclusive jurisdiction to hear and determine
claims arising under the deposit agreement and in that regard, to the fullest extent permitted by law,
ADS holders waive the right to a jury trial of any claim they may have against us or the depositary
arising out of or relating to our Class A ordinary shares, the ADSs or the deposit agreement, including
any claim under the U.S. federal securities laws.


If we or the depositary opposed a jury trial demand based on the waiver, the court would determine
whether the waiver was enforceable based on the facts and circumstances of that case in accordance
with the applicable state and federal law. To our knowledge, the enforceability of a contractual pre-
dispute jury trial waiver in connection with claims arising under the federal securities laws has not
been finally adjudicated by the United States Supreme Court. However, we believe that a contractual
pre-dispute jury trial waiver provision is generally enforceable, including under the laws of the State
of New York, which govern the deposit agreement. In determining whether to enforce a contractual
pre-dispute jury trial waiver provision, courts will generally consider whether a party knowingly,
intelligently and voluntarily waived the right to a jury trial. We believe that this is the case with respect
to the deposit agreement and the ADSs. It is advisable that you consult legal counsel regarding the
jury waiver provision before investing in the ADSs.




                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024       115
      PART I


                 If any of the holders or beneficial owners of ADSs bring a claim against us or the depositary in
                 connection with matters arising under the deposit agreement or the ADSs, including claims under
                 federal securities laws, such holder or beneficial owner may not be entitled to a jury trial with respect
                 to such claims, which may have the effect of limiting and discouraging lawsuits against us and/
                 or the depositary, lead to increased costs to bring a claim, limited access to information and other
                 imbalances of resources between such holder and us, or limit such holder’s ability to bring a claim
                 in a judicial forum that such holder finds favorable. If a lawsuit is brought against us and/or the
                 depositary under the deposit agreement, it may be heard only by a judge or justice of the applicable
                 trial court, which would be conducted according to different civil procedures and may result in
                 different outcomes than a trial by jury would have had, including results that could be less favorable
                 to the plaintiff(s) in any such action.

                 Nevertheless, if this jury trial waiver provision is not enforced, to the extent a court action proceeds,
                 it would proceed under the terms of the deposit agreement with a jury trial. No condition, stipulation
                 or provision of the deposit agreement or ADSs shall relieve us or the depositary from our respective
                 obligations to comply with the Securities Act and the Exchange Act nor serve as a waiver by any
                 holder or beneficial owner of ADSs of compliance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the rules
                 and regulations promulgated thereunder.

                 Certain judgments obtained against us by our shareholders may not be enforceable.

                 We are a Cayman Islands exempted company and the majority of our assets are located outside of
                 the United States. The most significant portion of our operations are conducted in China. In addition,
                 a majority of our current directors and officers are nationals and residents of countries other than
                 the United States. Substantially all of the assets of these persons may be located outside the United
                 States. As a result, it may be difficult or impossible for our shareholders to bring an action against
                 us or against these individuals in the United States in the event that such shareholders believe that
                 their rights have been infringed under the U.S. federal securities laws or otherwise. Even if such
                 shareholders are successful in bringing an action of this kind, the laws of the Cayman Islands and of
                 China may render them unable to enforce a judgment against our assets or the assets of our directors
                 and officers.

                 We are a foreign private issuer within the meaning of the rules under the Exchange Act, and as such
                 we are exempt from certain provisions applicable to United States domestic public companies.

                 Because we are a foreign private issuer under the Exchange Act, we are exempt from certain
                 provisions of the securities rules and regulations in the United States that are applicable to U.S.
                 domestic issuers, including:

                 •   the rules under the Exchange Act requiring the filing of quarterly reports on Form 10-Q or current
                     reports on Form 8-K with the SEC;

                 •   the sections of the Exchange Act regulating the solicitation of proxies, consents, or authorizations
                     in respect of a security registered under the Exchange Act;

                 •   the sections of the Exchange Act requiring insiders to file public reports of their stock ownership
                     and trading activities and liability for insiders who profit from trades made in a short period of
                     time; and

                 •   the selective disclosure rules by issuers of material non-public information under Regulation FD.


116   NIO Inc.
                                                                                              PART I


We are required to file an annual report on Form 20-F within four months of the end of each fiscal
year. In addition, we intend to publish our results on a quarterly basis through press releases,
distributed pursuant to the rules and regulations of the New York Stock Exchange. Press releases
relating to financial results and material events will also be furnished to the SEC on Form 6-K.
However, the information we are required to file with or furnish to the SEC will be less extensive and
less timely than that required to be filed with the SEC by U.S. domestic issuers. As a result, you may
not be afforded the same protections or information that would be made available to you were you
investing in a U.S. domestic issuer.


The voting rights of holders of ADSs are limited by the terms of the deposit agreement, and they
may not be able to exercise their right to vote their Class A ordinary shares.

Holders of our ADSs will only be able to exercise the voting rights with respect to the underlying
Class A ordinary shares in accordance with the provisions of the deposit agreement. Under the
deposit agreement, ADS holders must vote by giving voting instructions to the depositary. If we ask
for instructions of ADS holders, then upon receipt of such voting instructions, the depositary will
try to vote the underlying Class A ordinary shares in accordance with these instructions. If we do
not instruct the depositary to ask for instructions of ADS holders, the depositary may still vote in
accordance with instructions given by holders of ADSs, but it is not required to do so. ADS holders will
not be able to directly exercise their right to vote with respect to the underlying shares unless they
withdraw the shares. When a general meeting is convened, an ADS holder may not receive sufficient
advance notice to withdraw the shares underlying his or her ADSs to allow such holder to vote with
respect to any specific matter. If we ask for instructions of holders of ADSs, the depositary will notify
ADS holders of the upcoming vote and will arrange to deliver our voting materials to ADS holders.
We have agreed to give the depositary at least 30 days’ prior notice of shareholders’ meetings.
Nevertheless, we cannot assure you that ADS holders will receive the voting materials in time to
ensure that ADS holders can instruct the depositary to vote their shares. In addition, the depositary
and its agents are not responsible for failing to carry out voting instructions or for their manner of
carrying out ADS holders’ voting instructions. This means that an ADS holder may not be able to
exercise the right to vote and may have no legal remedy if the shares underlying his or her ADSs are
not voted as such holder requested.




                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2024      117
      PART I


                 The depositary for our ADSs will give us a discretionary proxy to vote our Class A ordinary shares
                 underlying the ADSs if the holders of such ADSs do not vote at shareholders’ meetings, except in
                 limited circumstances, which could adversely affect the interests of our ADS holders.

                 Under the deposit agreement for the ADSs, if any holder of the ADSs does not vote, the depositary
                 will give us a discretionary proxy to vote our Class A ordinary shares underlying such ADSs at
                 shareholders’ meetings unless:


                 •   we have failed to timely provide the depositary with notice of meeting and related voting materials;


                 •   we have instructed the depositary that we do not wish a discretionary proxy to be given;


                 •   we have informed the depositary that there is substantial opposition as to a matter to be voted on
                     at the meeting;


                 •   a matter to be voted on at the meeting would have a material adverse impact on shareholders; or


                 •   the voting at the meeting is to be made on a show of hands.


                 The effect of this discretionary proxy is that if any such holder of the ADSs does not vote at
                 shareholders’ meetings, such holder cannot prevent our Class A ordinary shares underlying such
                 ADSs from being voted, except under the circumstances described above. This may make it more
                 difficult for shareholders to influence the management of our company. Holders of our Class A
                 ordinary shares are not subject to this discretionary proxy.


                 An ADS holder’s right to pursue claims against the depositary is limited by the terms of the deposit
                 agreement.

                 Under the deposit agreement, any action or proceeding against or involving the depositary, arising
                 out of or based upon the deposit agreement or the transactions contemplated thereby or by virtue of
                 owning the ADSs may only be instituted in a state or federal court in New York, New York, and a holder
                 of our ADSs, will have irrevocably waived any objection which such holder may have to the laying of
                 venue of any such proceeding, and irrevocably submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts
                 in any such action or proceeding. However, there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce
                 this exclusive jurisdiction provision. Furthermore, investors cannot waive compliance with the U.S.
                 federal securities laws and rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.


                 The depositary may, in its sole discretion, require that any dispute or difference arising from the
                 relationship created by the deposit agreement be referred to and finally settled by an arbitration
                 conducted under the terms described in the deposit agreement, although the arbitration provisions
                 do not preclude an ADS holder from pursuing claims under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act in
                 state or federal courts. Furthermore, if an ADS holder is unsuccessful in such arbitration, such holder
                 may be responsible for the fees of the arbitrator and other costs incurred by the parties in connection
                 with such arbitration pursuant to the deposit agreement. Also, we may amend or terminate the
                 deposit agreement without the consent of any ADS holder. If an ADS holder continues to hold its
                 ADSs after an amendment to the deposit agreement, such holder agrees to be bound by the deposit
                 agreement as amended.


118   NIO Inc.
                                                                                              PART I


Our ADS holders may not receive dividends or other distributions on our Class A ordinary shares
and the ADS holders may not receive any value for them, if it is illegal or impractical to make them
available to the ADS holders.

The depositary of our ADSs has agreed to pay the ADS holders the cash dividends or other
distributions it or the custodian receives on Class A ordinary shares or other deposited securities
underlying our ADSs, after deducting its fees and expenses. Our ADS holders will receive these
distributions in proportion to the number of Class A ordinary shares the underlying ADSs represent.
However, the depositary is not responsible if it decides that it is unlawful or impractical to make a
distribution available to any holders of ADSs. For example, it would be unlawful to make a distribution
to a holder of ADSs if it consists of securities that require registration under the Securities Act but
that are not properly registered or distributed under an applicable exemption from registration.
The depositary may also determine that it is not feasible to distribute certain property through the
mail. Additionally, the value of certain distributions may be less than the cost of mailing them. In
these cases, the depositary may determine not to distribute such property. We have no obligation
to register under U.S. securities laws any ADSs, Class A ordinary shares, rights or other securities
received through such distributions. We also have no obligation to take any other action to permit the
distribution of ADSs, Class A ordinary shares, rights or anything else to holders of ADSs. This means
that our ADS holders may not receive distributions we make on our Class A ordinary shares or any
value for them if it is illegal or impractical for us to make them available to the ADS holders. These
restrictions may cause a material decline in the value of our ADSs or Class A ordinary shares.


Our ADS holders may experience dilution of their holdings due to inability to participate in rights
offerings.

We may, from time to time, distribute rights to our shareholders, including rights to acquire securities.
Under the deposit agreement, the depositary will not distribute rights to holders of ADSs unless the
distribution and sale of rights and the securities to which these rights relate are either exempt from
registration under the Securities Act with respect to all holders of ADSs or are registered under the
provisions of the Securities Act. The depositary may, but is not required to, attempt to sell these
undistributed rights to third parties, and may allow the rights to lapse. We may be unable to establish
an exemption from registration under the Securities Act, and we are under no obligation to file a
registration statement with respect to these rights or underlying securities or to endeavor to have a
registration statement declared effective. Accordingly, holders of ADSs may be unable to participate
in our rights offerings and may experience dilution of their holdings as a result.




                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024     119
      PART I


                 We may need additional capital, and the sale of additional Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs or
                 other equity securities could result in additional dilution to our shareholders, and the incurrence of
                 additional indebtedness could increase our debt service obligations.

                 We may require additional cash resources due to changed business conditions, strategic acquisitions
                 or other future developments. If these resources are insufficient to satisfy our cash requirements, we
                 may seek to sell additional equity or debt securities or obtain additional credit facilities. The sale of
                 additional equity and equity-linked securities could result in additional dilution to our shareholders.
                 The sale of substantial amounts of our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs (including upon
                 conversion of our convertible notes) could dilute the interests of our shareholders and ADS holders
                 and adversely impact the market price of our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs. The incurrence
                 of indebtedness would result in increased debt service obligations and could result in operating and
                 financing covenants that would restrict our operations. We cannot assure you that financing will be
                 available in amounts or on terms acceptable to us, if at all.


                 Future sales or issuances, or perceived future sales or issuances, of substantial amounts of our
                 ordinary shares or ADSs could adversely affect the price of our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADS.

                 If our existing shareholders sell, or are perceived as intending to sell, substantial amounts of our
                 ordinary shares or ADSs, including those issued upon the exercise of our outstanding stock options,
                 the market price of our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs could fall. Such sales, or perceived
                 potential sales, by our existing shareholders might make it more difficult for us to issue new equity or
                 equity-related securities in the future at a time and place we deem appropriate. Ordinary shares held
                 by our existing shareholders may be sold in the public market in the future subject to the restrictions
                 contained in Rule 144 and Rule 701 under the Securities Act and the applicable lock-up agreements.
                 If any existing shareholder or shareholders sell a substantial amount of ordinary shares after the
                 expiration of the applicable lock-up periods, the prevailing market price for our Class A ordinary
                 shares and/or ADSs could be adversely affected.


                 In addition, certain of our shareholders or their transferees and assignees will have the right
                 to cause us to register the sale of their shares under the Securities Act upon the occurrence of
                 certain circumstances. Registration of these shares under the Securities Act would result in these
                 shares becoming freely tradable without restriction under the Securities Act immediately upon the
                 effectiveness of the registration.


                 Our ADS holders may be subject to limitations on transfer of their ADSs.

                 Our ADSs are transferable on the books of the depositary. However, the depositary may close its
                 books at any time or from time to time when it deems expedient in connection with the performance
                 of its duties. The depositary may close its books from time to time for a number of reasons, including
                 in connection with corporate events such as a rights offering, during which time the depositary needs
                 to maintain an exact number of ADS holders on its books for a specified period. The depositary may
                 also close its books in emergencies, and on weekends and public holidays. The depositary may refuse
                 to deliver, transfer or register transfers of our ADSs generally when our share register or the books of
                 the depositary are closed, or at any time if we or the depositary thinks it is advisable to do so because
                 of any requirement of law or of any government or governmental body, or under any provision of the
                 deposit agreement, or for any other reason.



120   NIO Inc.
                                                                                                PART I


The different characteristics of the capital markets in the U.S., Hong Kong and Singapore may
negatively affect the trading prices of our Class A ordinary shares and/or ADSs.

We are subject to the U.S., Hong Kong and Singapore listing and regulatory requirements
concurrently. The NYSE, Hong Kong Stock Exchange and Singapore Exchange have different trading
hours, trading characteristics (including trading volume and liquidity), trading and listing rules, and
investor bases (including different levels of retail and institutional participation). As a result of these
differences, the trading prices of our Class A ordinary shares and our ADSs may not be the same, even
allowing for currency differences. Fluctuations in the price of our ADSs due to circumstances peculiar
to the U.S. capital markets could materially and adversely affect the price of our Class A ordinary
shares, or vice versa. Certain events having significant negative impact specifically on the U.S. capital
markets may result in a decline in the trading price of our Class A ordinary shares notwithstanding
that such event may not impact the trading prices of securities listed in Hong Kong and Singapore
generally or to the same extent, or vice versa. Because of the different characteristics of the U.S.,
Hong Kong and Singapore capital markets, the market prices of our ADSs may not be indicative of
the trading performance of our Class A ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and the
Singapore Exchange, or vice versa.


Exchange between our Class A ordinary shares and our ADSs may adversely affect the liquidity
and/or trading price of each other.

Our ADSs are currently traded on NYSE. Subject to compliance with U.S. securities law and the terms
of the deposit agreement, holders of our Class A ordinary shares may deposit Class A ordinary shares
with the depositary in exchange for the issuance of our ADSs. Any holder of ADSs may also surrender
ADSs and withdraw the underlying Class A ordinary shares represented by the ADSs pursuant to
the terms of the deposit agreement for trading on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange or the Singapore
Exchange. In the event that a substantial number of Class A ordinary shares are deposited with the
depositary in exchange for ADSs or vice versa, the liquidity and trading price of our Class A ordinary
shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange or the Singapore Exchange and our ADSs on NYSE may be
adversely affected.


The time required for the exchange between Class A ordinary shares and ADSs might be longer than
expected and investor might not be able to settle or effect any sale of their securities during this
period, and the exchange of Class A ordinary shares into ADSs involves costs.

There is no direct trading or settlement between the NYSE and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange or the
Singapore Exchange on which our ADSs and our Class A ordinary shares are respectively traded. In
addition, the time differences between New York and Hong Kong or Singapore, unforeseen market
circumstances or other factors may delay the deposit of Class A ordinary shares in exchange for ADSs
or the withdrawal of Class A ordinary shares underlying the ADSs. Investors will be prevented from
settling or effecting the sale of their securities during such periods of delay. In addition, there is no
assurance that any exchange for Class A ordinary shares into ADSs (and vice versa) will be completed
in accordance with the timelines that investors may anticipate. Furthermore, the depositary for the
ADSs is entitled to charge holders fees for various services including for the issuance of ADSs upon
deposit of Class A ordinary shares, cancelation of ADSs, distributions of cash dividends or other cash
distributions, distributions of ADSs pursuant to share dividends or other free share distributions,
distributions of securities other than ADSs and annual service fees. As a result, shareholders who
exchange Class A ordinary shares into ADSs, and vice versa, may not achieve the level of economic
return the shareholders may anticipate.


                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2024      121
      PART I


      ITEM 4. INFORMATION ON THE COMPANY
                 A. History and Development of the Company

                    We were founded in November 2014, as Nextev Inc., which was changed to our current name NIO
                    Inc. in July 2017. Significant milestones in our development since 2024 include the following:


                    •   In February 2024, we completed the repurchase right offer relating to the 2026 Notes.
                        US$300.5 million in aggregate principal amount of the 2026 Notes were validly surrendered
                        and not withdrawn prior to the expiration of the repurchase right offer. Following settlement
                        of the repurchase, US$912,000 aggregate principal amount of the 2026 Notes remained
                        outstanding and continue to be subject to the existing terms of the indenture and the 2026
                        Notes.


                    •   In May 2024, we launched our family-oriented smart electric vehicle brand, ONVO, as well as
                        its first vehicle model, the L60, a smart electric mid-size family SUV. We commenced deliveries
                        of L60 in September 2024.


                    •   In May 2024, NIO China and NIO Energy Investment (Hubei) Co., Ltd., or NIO Power, a wholly-
                        owned subsidiary of NIO China, entered into definitive agreements with Wuhan Guangchuang
                        Emerging Technology Phase I Venture Capital Fund Partnership (Limited Partnership), or NIO
                        Power Investor, for an investment in NIO Power. Pursuant to these agreements, the NIO Power
                        Investor will initially invest RMB1.0 billion in cash in NIO Power, subject to the satisfaction
                        of customary closing conditions in the definitive agreements. The NIO Power Investor has
                        the right to invest up to an additional RMB500 million in NIO Power at the same valuation as
                        this investment. As of the date of this annual report, NIO Power Investor has made the first
                        installment of RMB500 million investment in cash in NIO Power. Additionally, in December
                        2024, NIO China invested RMB1.0 billion in cash to subscribe for newly issued shares of NIO
                        Power. As of the date of this report, NIO China holds a 90.9% equity interest in NIO Power.


                    •   In September 2024, we entered into definitive agreements for investment in NIO China with
                        the Initial NIO China Series B Strategic Investors. Subsequently, in December 2024, we entered
                        into the NIO China Series B Supplemental Agreements with the NIO China Series B Strategic
                        Investors. Pursuant to the NIO China Series B Investment Agreements and the NIO China Series
                        B Supplemental Agreements, the NIO China Series B Strategic Investors agreed to invest an
                        aggregate of RMB3.3 billion in cash to subscribe for newly issued shares of NIO China, and we
                        agreed to invest an aggregate of RMB10 billion in cash to subscribe for newly issued shares
                        of NIO China. As of the date of this annual report, the NIO China Series B Strategic Investors
                        have injected an aggregate of RMB2.8 billion in cash into NIO China, while we have injected
                        an aggregate of RMB10 billion in cash into NIO China. As of the date of this annual report,
                        we currently hold 89.0% of controlling equity interest in NIO China. We and the NIO China
                        Series B Strategic Investors are working towards the completion of the remaining portion of
                        the previously announced investment transaction. Upon completion, we will hold 88.25% of
                        controlling equity interest in NIO China, while the NIO China Strategic Investors will collectively
                        hold the remaining 11.75% of equity interest in NIO China.




122   NIO Inc.
                                                                                             PART I


   •   In December 2024, we unveiled firefly, our small, smart, high-end electric car brand and
       debuted its vehicle model. The official launch of the firefly vehicle model is expected in April
       2025.

   •   On January 31, 2025, we completed the repurchase right offer relating to the 2027 Notes.
       US$378.3 million in aggregate principal amount of the 2027 Notes were validly surrendered
       and not withdrawn prior to the expiration of the repurchase right offer. Following settlement
       of the repurchase, US$213,000 aggregate principal amount of the 2027 Notes remained
       outstanding and continue to be subject to the existing terms of the indenture and the 2027
       Notes.

   •   On April 7, 2025, we completed the offering of 136,800,000 Class A ordinary shares, at an
       offering price of HK$29.46 per share, to non-U.S. persons in offshore transactions in reliance
       on Regulation S under the Securities Act. The aggregate offering size was HK$4,030.1 million.

   Our principal executive offices are located at Building 19, No. 1355, Caobao Road, Minhang
   District, Shanghai, PRC. Our telephone number at this address is +86-21-6908-2018. Our
   registered office in the Cayman Islands is located at the offices of Maples Corporate Services
   Limited, PO Box 309, Ugland House, Grand Cayman, KY1-1104, Cayman Islands. Our agent for
   service of process in the United States is Puglisi & Associates, located at 850 Library Avenue, Suite
   204, Newark, Delaware 19711. We maintain our website at http://ir.nio.com/. The information
   contained on, or linked from, our website is not a part of this annual report.

   The SEC maintains a website at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information
   statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC using its
   EDGAR system.

   See “Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects – B. Liquidity and Capital Resources –
   Capital Expenditures” for a discussion of our capital expenditures.

B. Business Overview

   Our Chinese name, Weilai (蔚來), means Blue Sky Coming.

   We are a pioneer and a leading company in the global smart electric vehicle market. We aspire
   to shape a sustainable and brighter future with the mission of “Blue Sky Coming”. We envision
   ourself as a user enterprise where innovative technology meets experience excellence. We design,
   develop, manufacture and sell smart electric vehicles, driving innovations in next-generation
   core technologies. We distinguish ourself through continuous technological breakthroughs and
   innovations, exceptional products and services, and a community for shared growth.

  Our Vehicles

   We design, develop, manufacture and sell our premium smart electric vehicles under the NIO
   brand, family-oriented smart electric vehicles through the ONVO brand, and small smart high-
   end electric cars with the FIREFLY brand. We currently offer our products and services in China,
   Europe, and other markets, and are planning to expand into more global markets to capture the
   fast-growing EV demand.




                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024      123
      PART I


                 Under the NIO brand, we introduced the EP9 supercar in 2016, which was the then fastest
                 electric vehicle, setting the Nurburgring Nordschleife all-electric vehicle lap record. Starting from
                 December 2017, we launched and continually iterated on a succession of well-positioned vehicle
                 models and established a competitive product portfolio, including the ES8 (or the EL8), a six-
                 seater smart electric flagship SUV, the ES7 (or the EL7), a mid-large five-seater smart electric
                 SUV, the ES6 (or the EL6), a five-seater all-round smart electric SUV, the EC7, a five-seater smart
                 electric flagship coupe SUV, the EC6, a five-seater smart electric coupe SUV, the ET9, a smart
                 electric executive flagship, the ET7, a smart electric executive sedan, the ET5, a mid-size smart
                 electric sedan, and the ET5T, a smart electric tourer.


                 In 2024, we completed a comprehensive upgrade across our entire product portfolio, delivering
                 an enhanced intelligent cockpit experience. With exquisite design, high performance, superior
                 comfort, and advanced digital systems, our product portfolio accurately caters to the diverse
                 needs of users for family, business, and leisure travels. In December 2024, at NIO Day 2024, we
                 officially launched the NIO ET9, a smart electric executive flagship. The ET9 integrates NIO’s full-
                 stack technological capabilities across 12 areas, offering flagship experiences to users in design,
                 space, comfort, audio, intelligent systems, assisted and intelligent driving, safety, powertrain, and
                 overall driving and riding performance.


                 Inheriting our high-performance DNA marked by dual-motor intelligent All-Wheel-Drive system,
                 all NIO models are able to achieve outstanding performances in 0-100 km/h and braking
                 distance. Enabled by battery swapping technology, all our models are compatible with different
                 battery packs including standard range battery, long range battery and ultra-long range battery,
                 supporting different driving ranges and providing an upgradable and flexible user experience. We
                 aim to deliver products with the highest safety and quality standards to our users in line with our
                 core values and commitments.


                 ONVO, our family-oriented smart electric vehicle brand launched in May 2024, stands for “On
                 Voyage,” and carries the implied meaning of “Happiness on Every Path We Travel With Family” in
                 Chinese, embodies ONVO’s commitment to creating better family life and bringing better brand
                 and product experiences to family users. ONVO’s first model, the L60, a mid-size family smart
                 electric SUV was launched and commenced delivery in September 2024. With a spacious interior,
                 enhanced safety features and advanced technologies, the L60 maximizes user value while
                 optimizing lifecycle ownership costs.


                 Firefly, our small, smart, high-end electric car brand, was launched in December 2024. Built upon
                 NIO’s expertise in research and development, design capabilities, safety standards, and intelligent
                 technologies, firefly embodies the brand’s DNA of being “vivid, thoughtful and solid.” Inspired by
                 the spirit of “freedom to glow,” firefly aims to provide global users with a vivid driving experience
                 and a thoughtfully designed, solid living space.




124   NIO Inc.
                                                                                                                                      PART I


In 2024, we delivered 221,970 vehicles, including 201,209 vehicles from our premium smart
electric vehicle brand NIO, and 20,761 vehicles from our family-oriented smart electric vehicle
brand ONVO. The official launch of the firefly vehicle model is expected in April 2025. We will
continue to develop more products to expand our addressable market segments.


The following diagram illustrates our vehicle models and their starting manufacturer’s suggested
retail price, or the MSRP, in China as of the date of this annual report in RMB (unless otherwise
noted):




           ES8                            ES7                             ES6                             EC7                          EC6
Smart Electric Flagship SUV   Smart Electric Mid-Large SUV    Smart Electric All-Round SUV Smart Electric Flagship Coupe SUV Smart Electric Coupe SUV
         498,000                        438,000                         338,000                         458,000                      358,000




                ET9                                    ET7                                    ET5                                 ET5T
 Smart Electric Executive Flagship        Smart Electric Flagship Sedan          Smart Electric Mid-Size Sedan             Smart Electric Tourer
             788,000                                428,000                                298,000                               298,000




                                                                                                      firefly
                                               L60                                              Small Hatch-Back
                                      Mid-Size 5-Seater SUV                                        148,800*
                                             206,900



Note:

*    The price represents pre-sale price in China as of the date of this annual report in RMB.



Our Key Technological Breakthroughs and Innovations

Since our inception, we have remained committed to innovation and dedicated to investing in
research and development of core technologies. Our technological breakthroughs and innovations
differentiate us from our peers, creating better user experiences and enhancing our users’
confidence in us. We have strategically focused on building in-house capabilities including battery
swapping, assisted and intelligent driving, digital technologies, electric powertrain and battery,
vehicle engineering and design, among others, to control the design and development of the
vehicle software and hardware architecture and the critical components that go into our products.
Our capabilities have given us greater flexibility to continually improve our current products and
launch new products. By integrating these industry-leading technologies, all of our vehicles are
designed to provide our users with a relaxing, interactive, intelligent and immersive experience.




                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024               125
      PART I


                 We have strategically located our research and development offices in locations where we believe
                 give us access to the best talent. Our global research and development center for production
                 models is located in Shanghai. Our advanced vehicle manufacturing center is located in Anhui.
                 Our global research and development center for software is located in Beijing. Our global research
                 and development center for autonomous driving is located in San Jose. Our global design center
                 is located in Munich. Our global research and development center for advanced engineering is
                 located in Oxford.


                 Battery Swapping and BaaS

                 All of our smart electric vehicles are equipped with proprietary battery swapping technologies,
                 providing our users with a “chargeable, swappable, upgradable” experience. We also offer Battery
                 as a Service, or BaaS, an industry-first innovative model which allows users to purchase electric
                 vehicles and subscribe for the usage of batteries separately. BaaS enables our users to benefit
                 from lower vehicle purchase prices, flexible battery upgrade options and assurance of battery
                 performance.


                 •   Battery Swapping. Supported by over 1,670 patented technologies as of December 31, 2024,
                     all of our vehicles support battery swapping. It provides our users with convenient “recharging”
                     experiences by simply swapping the user’s battery for another one within minutes. Moreover, it
                     enables users to enjoy the benefits of battery technology advancements with upgrade options.
                     Additionally, during each battery swap, a comprehensive health assessment on the battery and
                     electric drive system is performed to ensure optimal condition of the vehicle. Equipped with
                     Lidars and NVIDIA DRIVE Orin X chips, our Power Swap Station 4.0 can conduct fully automatic
                     swaps up to 480 times per day and support intelligent vehicle-station connectivity in complex
                     environments.


                 •   BaaS. Enabled by vehicle-battery separation technology and battery subscription model, BaaS
                     decouples the battery price from the purchase price of a vehicle and allows users to subscribe
                     for battery usage separately. For each user under the BaaS model, we sell a battery to the
                     Battery Asset Company, and the user subscribes for the usage of the battery from the Battery
                     Asset Company. If our users opt to purchase a vehicle and subscribe for the battery under
                     BaaS, they can enjoy a deduction off the original vehicle purchase price while paying a monthly
                     subscription fee for the battery. Our users are able to enjoy permanent or flexible upgrades to
                     batteries with higher capacities or other future battery options with an additional fee as the
                     battery technologies evolve.




126   NIO Inc.
                                                                                           PART I


Assisted and Intelligent Driving and Subscription

We believe that assisted and intelligent driving is the core of smart electric vehicles, and it has
been our focus from day one. We are one of the first companies in China to offer enhanced ADAS
capabilities and we have been dedicated to developing our proprietary full-stack assisted and
intelligent driving capabilities.


We offer NIO assisted and intelligent driving, or NAD, our full-stack in-house developed assisted
and intelligent driving capabilities, to NIO brand users. NAD is equipped with our proprietary
perception algorithms, localization, control strategy and platform software. The technology
comprises NIO Adam, a super computing platform with outstanding computing power, and NIO
Aquila, a super sensing system equipped with high-performance sensors including LiDAR. With
the gradual release of certain features of the NAD through NOP+, our generalization capability
and collective intelligence capability have seen rapid growth. Currently, NOP+ has been made
available for expressways, urban areas, parking and battery swapping, delivering a safer and more
relaxing assisted and intelligent driving experience for our users. Our NOP+ is available for user
subscription.


We continually process fast iteration on our assisted and intelligent driving system capabilities. At
NIO IN 2024, we unveiled the NIO WorldModel (NWM), our multivariable autoregressive generative
model, and introduced the NADArch2.0, a brand-new architecture for our assisted and intelligent
driving technology. NADArch2.0 is an industry-leading end-to-end architecture empowered by the
NWM and will offer a more relaxed and safer assisted and intelligent driving experience for our
users.


We offer ONVO Smart Driving, or OSD, to ONVO brand users. OSD is built upon our full-stack
assisted and intelligent driving capabilities. OSD utilizes advanced sensor fusion algorithms and
is equipped with multiple high-performance sensors, providing users with sophisticated assisted
and intelligent driving features. This technology has been optimized for expressways, urban areas,
parking, and battery swapping.


In addition, we have commenced our in-house research and development of the intelligent driving
chipset to maximize the assisted and intelligent driving algorithm efficiency. In December 2023,
we unveiled our first proprietary automotive-grade chip for assisted and intelligent driving, the
NX9031. We plan to integrate this chip into our vehicles starting from the delivery of our ET9.




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2024      127
      PART I


                 Digital Technologies

                 Digital System

                 Digital system is the foundation for us to achieve continuous upgrades through over-the-air
                 updates, the digital platform for building our own proprietary software and algorithms and the
                 security system for deep reassurance.


                 On top of our proprietary software architecture and cloud data platform, SkyOS, our full-domain
                 vehicle operating system, has what we believe to be the industry-leading connectivity and remote
                 service capabilities with an end-to-end security framework. By seamlessly integrating and
                 efficiently collaborating all vehicle domains, including assisted and intelligent driving, digital
                 cockpit, and vehicle control, SkyOS provides a secure, intelligent and smooth driving experience to
                 users.


                 Digital Cockpit

                 Running on the in-house developed SkyOS, our digital cockpit has an AI-driven, scalable and
                 flexible architecture that presents users with an intelligent and immersive digital experience.
                 We have built flexibility into the digital cockpit, so that we can continue to update the cockpit’s
                 operating system with new features and applications.


                 Inspired by the concept of creating a mobile living space, providing a caring emotion companion
                 while connecting products, services and community, we have launched the N-Box Enhanced
                 Infotainment Console and the AR display system, bringing immersive experiences and a realistic
                 sense of space to our users. Inside our digital cockpit, our in-car AI companions, can listen to,
                 communicate and interact with users, while also supporting multimodal large vision models to
                 foster a strong emotional connection between vehicles and users.




128   NIO Inc.
                                                                                           PART I


Electric Powertrain and Battery

Electric Powertrain

Starting from our first product, we have designed, developed and manufactured our own
proprietary electric powertrains in-house. We possess in-house research and development
capabilities across motors, electric controls, reducers, and high voltage charging and distribution
systems.


Our electric powertrains are designed specifically for our vehicles, and through firmware over-
the-air, we are able to continue to improve and update, and adjust according to our users’ driving
behavior. Enabled by in-house research and development capabilities, our motor configuration
offers a variety of electric motors. We are in the process of developing our next generation electric
powertrains based on the high-voltage architecture.


Battery

We are committed to the research, development and innovations in battery technologies and have
built up the research and development capabilities throughout the lifecycle of uni-pack battery.
Our batteries are based on advanced battery pack design, battery management system and
proprietary swapping mechanism.


Currently, we offer standard range battery, long range battery and ultra-long range battery. In
addition, we provide flexible battery upgrade plan to maximize battery utilization efficiency,
allowing users to flexibly select battery options or upgrade battery range based on their individual
driving needs. We are also collaborating with our partners in developing long-life batteries.




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2024      129
      PART I


                 Vehicle Engineering and Design Capabilities

                 We have significant in-house vehicle engineering and design capabilities, covering all major areas
                 of vehicle development starting from inception to completion, with a particular emphasis on
                 software-driven technologies and fast iteration. In addition, our innovation in core components
                 allows for the efficient development of multiple brands and models. For example, our in-house
                 developed intelligent chassis controller enables integrated control of redundant braking, air
                 spring and damper, while achieving functional safety, cyber security and OTA updates. Moreover,
                 we have implemented our “Skyride” intelligent chassis system, which integrates core hardware
                 components of steer-by-wire, rear-wheel steering, and fully active suspension.


                 Our global design team has comprehensive design capabilities across the board, from brands,
                 vehicles, user interface/user experience, lifestyle products to accessories.


                 User Development and User Community

                 We reach out to and engage with our users directly through our own offline and online platforms,
                 to continuously expand our user community.


                 Physical Stores

                 NIO Houses and NIO Spaces serve as NIO’s offline channels for us to reach out to and serve our
                 users, as well as the offline platforms for the NIO user community.


                 NIO Houses have showroom functions while serving as a clubhouse for our users and their friends.
                 NIO Spaces are mainly showrooms for our brand, vehicles and services. As of December 31, 2024,
                 we had 180 NIO Houses and 433 NIO Spaces in total globally.


                 ONVO Centers and ONVO Spaces serve as ONVO’s offline channels, designed to showcase
                 products, facilitate sales, and foster engagement within the ONVO user community. As of
                 December 31, 2024, we had a total of 300 ONVO Centers and ONVO Spaces in China.




130   NIO Inc.
                                                                                         PART I


Brand Apps

Our mobile apps for NIO, ONVO and FIREFLY are all designed to serve as a comprehensive portal,
which allows users to not only place orders for and configure vehicles, but also to access vehicle
control, power and other services, as well as purchase lifestyle products. Most importantly, our
apps function as online platforms for our user community.


Brand Events

Our annual NIO Day is an event jointly hosted by us and our users where we launch our new
products and technologies and celebrate the user community. In December 2017 in Beijing,
China, we held our first NIO Day and launched the ES8. We had since then held multiple NIO Days
to launch new products and interact with our users in the subsequent years. Most recently, in
December 2024, we held NIO Day 2024 in Guangzhou, China, with the official launch of the ET9.
In addition, during the event, firefly, our small smart high-end electric car brand, was officially
launched.


In May 2024, we hosted the debut event for our ONVO brand, introducing our family-oriented
smart electric vehicle brand, ONVO, as well as its first vehicle model, the L60, a smart electric
mid-size family SUV.


Lifestyle Products

We have established our lifestyle brands for NIO, ONVO and FIREFLY, and we operate online stores
within our apps where users can purchase a variety of lifestyle products. The product categories
include clothing and accessories, home and living, consumer electronics, food and beverages.


User Points

We provide users with points to encourage user engagement and positive user behavior, such
as to keep a safe driving record. Points are earned, among other things, through the welcome
packages upon the purchase of vehicles, referrals for test drives and vehicle purchases, and active
engagement in the user community. Points can be used, both on our apps and at our physical
stores.




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2024     131
      PART I


                 NIO Users Trust

                 In conjunction with our pursuit of being a user enterprise and with the goal of building a deeper
                 connection between NIO and our users, Mr. Bin Li, our chairman of the board of directors and
                 chief executive officer, transferred a certain amount of his ordinary shares to NIO Users Trust in
                 January 2019. Our users have the opportunity to discuss and propose the use of the economic
                 benefits from the shares in NIO Users Trust through a User Council consisting of members of our
                 user community elected by our users. The User Council helps coordinate user activities in our
                 community. According to the articles of association of NIO Users Trust, incomes and proceeds
                 derived from the trust assets shall be mainly used for the following purposes: (i) environmental
                 protection and sustainable development, (ii) NIO Users community care projects, (iii) community
                 activities promoting common growth of users and other necessary projects, and (iv) operational
                 expenses of the Users Trust.


                 Our Power Solutions

                 We offer a comprehensive and innovative suite of power solutions to address the charging and
                 swapping needs of our users. Our power solutions include home chargers called Power Home,
                 battery swapping called Power Swap, supercharging piles called Power Charger, destination
                 charging piles called Destination Charger, and mobile charging called Power Mobile. All of those
                 solutions are integrated with Power Cloud, a cloud-based system that synchronizes users’
                 power consumption information with our power network. Power Cloud intelligently recommends
                 appropriate services based on users’ locations and power consumption patterns. Our users can
                 not only check the availability of charging and swapping resources within NIO’s own network,
                 but also access real-time information on a wide range of public chargers through the Power
                 Map feature on our apps. In addition, we offer One Click for Power valet service, where we pick
                 up, charge and return the vehicle. Our goal is to provide the most convenient and efficient power
                 solutions to our users.


                 Power Home

                 Through Power Home, we install home chargers at our users’ residences upon request if the
                 installation is feasible. We currently offer both standard and high-speed home chargers to meet
                 different charging needs.




132   NIO Inc.
                                                                                        PART I


Power Swap

All of our vehicles support battery swapping. Once a vehicle is parked at a Power Swap Station and
the swap function is activated, the battery is automatically replaced within minutes. Automatic
battery and electric system assessments are performed during each swap to enhance safety and
reliability.


Since the establishment of our first battery swap station in 2018, we have been committed to the
ongoing development and improvement of our Power Swap systems. Equipped with Lidars and
NVIDIA DRIVE Orin X chips, our Power Swap Station 4.0 can conduct fully automatic swaps up to
480 times per day and support intelligent vehicle-station connectivity in complex environments.


As of December 31, 2024, we had 3,054 Power Swap Stations covering urban areas and
expressways globally, through which we had completed over 61 million battery swaps
cumulatively. We have opened our Power Swap network to the entire industry and signed strategic
partnership agreements with Changan Automobile, Geely Group, Chery Automobile, JAC Group,
Lotus, GAC Group and FAW Group on battery charging and swapping.


On August 20, 2024, we announced the “Power Up Counties” plan to strengthen our charging and
swapping network across all county-level administrative divisions in China. This initiative aims
to provide a more convenient, efficient and comprehensive charging experience for our users. We
have been collaborating with partners across transportation, energy and other sectors to jointly
develop charging and swapping infrastructure. We expect to join hands with more partners to
contribute towards the development of power network and the widespread adoption of battery
swapping.


Power Charger and Destination Charger

Through Power Charger, our supercharging piles, we provide our users a fast and reliable power
solution. Users are able to locate, use and pay for charging services via our apps. Our Power
Chargers feature a slim design and are strategically placed in parking lots and other accessible
locations. We currently offer Power Chargers with charging capacities of up to 640kW.




                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2024     133
      PART I


                 We also deploy Destination Chargers at key locations such as tourist attractions, shopping malls
                 and office buildings to provide greater convenience and flexibility for users.


                 As of December 31, 2024, we had 25,097 Power Chargers and Destination Chargers in operation.
                 We plan to further enhance charging efficiency and expand our charging network to cater to the
                 growing user demand.


                 Power Mobile

                 Through Power Mobile, we provide on-demand charging services through fast charging vans
                 equipped with our proprietary fast-charging technology. This service supplements our battery
                 swapping and charging network, providing users with additional charging flexibility. Users are able
                 to book Power Mobile services in advance through our apps.


                 Power Map

                 In addition to our own swapping and charging network, our users have access to a network of
                 public chargers with real-time availability updates via Power Map in our apps, which consisted
                 of over 1,770,000 publicly accessible charging piles globally as of December 31, 2024. In order
                 to further improve the user experience, we have been working to increase the number of public
                 chargers synchronized with Power Cloud.


                 One Click for Power

                 Our One Click for Power valet service offers users a seamless charging experience. Through our
                 apps, users can request our team to pick up their vehicle from a designated location for valet
                 charging, battery swapping or Power Mobile service. Power Cloud utilizes smart scheduling to
                 identify the most suitable power solution based on the user’s driving habits, ensuring maximum
                 convenience.


                 Service and Warranty

                 Our users can access a full suite of innovative services through our apps, as part of our strategy
                 of redefining the user experience. We provide an integrated service ecosystem that delivers a
                 holistic, end-to-end service experience. We believe that our service capability is among the core
                 competitiveness we possess.




134   NIO Inc.
                                                                                        PART I


Service

Service Network

We provide servicing through both company-owned and authorized third-party service centers,
offering repair, maintenance and bodywork services. As of December 31, 2024, we had 383 service
centers worldwide.


We also provide high-quality delivery services through delivery centers, which serve as vital hubs
in the user experience journey. At these centers, we offer users comprehensive support, including
vehicle transportation and delivery, pre-delivery inspections, guidance on vehicle features,
assistance with vehicle registration and insurance processing.


Service Plan

We offer service plans on an annual fee basis in certain regions. The service plans offer a
combination of insurance and a range of service options. The insurance offered in the plan covers
statutory third-party liability and vehicle damage insurance, which are provided through third-
party insurers. Our service offerings include vehicle repair and maintenance services, courtesy
vehicles, and enhanced data packages, among other services.


Users are able to arrange for vehicle services through our apps. We also offer repair and
maintenance services at users’ doorsteps for added convenience.


Auto Financing

We have agreements with several commercial banks in China to assist users in acquiring financing
for vehicle purchases. We also offer auto financing arrangements to users directly through our
subsidiaries.


Used Vehicle Service

We have partnered with various used car dealers through our apps to assist users in completing
used car transactions efficiently and conveniently.


Warranty Policy

We offer comprehensive warranty policies covering the entire vehicle as well as key electric
components, including the battery, electric motor, and power electronic units. In addition to the
standard warranty required by local laws and regulations, we also provide extended warranty
services, with specific terms and conditions varying by markets and vehicle models.


Supply Chain, Manufacturing and Quality Assurance

We view the suppliers and manufacturers we work with as key partners in our vehicle development
process. We aim to leverage our partners’ industry expertise to ensure that each vehicle we
produce meets our strict quality standards.




                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2024     135
      PART I


                 Supply Chain

                 We work with both global and local supply chain partners, with the majority of our suppliers
                 being located in China, which enables us to acquire supplies more efficiently and reduce overall
                 logistics-related cost.


                 We obtain systems, components, raw materials, parts, manufacturing equipment, and other
                 supplies and services from suppliers which we deem reputable and reliable. We adhere to a
                 structured internal process when sourcing suppliers, evaluating factors such as quality, cost
                 and delivery timelines. We continuously enhance our supply chain to build a more efficient and
                 diversified system. Additionally, we actively cultivate partnerships with suppliers that have
                 innovative technological capabilities and cost advantages, thereby increasing the competitiveness
                 and innovativeness of our supply chain. While we obtain components from multiple sources
                 whenever possible, many of the components used in our vehicles are purchased from a single
                 source. Eventually we plan to implement a multi-sourcing strategy in order to reduce reliance on
                 sole-source suppliers.


                 Manufacturing

                 Vehicle Manufacturing

                 We currently manufacture our vehicles at the F1 and F2 Plants in Anhui, China. Our production
                 capacity expansion strategy is aligned with our product pipeline development and sales
                 projections. In line with this strategic planning, our new F3 Plant in Anhui Province is expected to
                 commence operations in the third quarter of 2025.


                 In the past, we partnered with JAC for the joint manufacturing of our vehicles at the F1 and
                 F2 Plants. In December 2023, we entered into definitive agreements with JAC to acquire the
                 manufacturing equipment and assets of both plants for a total consideration of approximately
                 RMB3.16 billion, excluding taxes. The asset transfer was completed in the same month. In
                 addition, we have completed the filing process for our electric passenger vehicle investment
                 project with the relevant authorities in Anhui province and have been included in the Ministry of
                 Industry and Information Technology’s catalogue of approved manufacturers. Our manufacturing
                 model has transitioned from joint manufacturing to independent manufacturing.


                 Other Manufacturing

                 We have established our manufacturing facilities in China for the production of electric
                 powertrains and other vehicle parts, with highly automated production lines, advanced
                 manufacturing execution systems and automated guided vehicles. We also manufacture Power
                 Swap Stations and charging piles independently, as well as in collaboration with our partners.




136   NIO Inc.
                                                                                          PART I


Quality Assurance

We aim to deliver high-quality products and services to our users in line with our core values
and commitments. We have established a Quality Committee responsible for the overall
quality management across the company. Chaired by our executive vice president, the Quality
Committee oversees the formulation of group-level quality assurance policies, strategies,
goals and initiatives, while also monitoring progress toward quality objectives. Our dedicated
quality management teams are responsible for our overall quality strategy, quality systems and
processes, quality culture, and general quality management implementation.


We believe that our quality management system is the key to ensuring the delivery of high-quality
products and services, minimizing waste and maximizing efficiency. Our All-Time Quality (ATQ)
system is a comprehensive framework centered on user interests, applying quality management
across our entire business chain, from product development, supply chain and manufacturing to
logistics, user experience and service quality. Our quality management system covers six major
areas including software, charging and battery swapping, vehicle, smart hardware, electric drive
system, and battery. The ATQ system also extends across all stages of our business, covering
early-stage design quality, partner quality, manufacturing and logistics quality, and user service
quality.


For early-stage design quality, we adopt a Design-for-X approach that comprehensively
anticipates and prevents quality issues across various aspects, including early-stage product
definition, modeling, engineering development, software development, process development,
and quality control. Our approach emphasizes proactive failure prevention, strives for first-time
accuracy, and fosters a dynamic failure prevention ecosystem that shares common goals and is
capable, self-driven and iterative.


Regarding partner quality, we have developed an innovative partner evaluation system that has
positively influences our upstream and downstream partners, enabling win-win cooperation.
Through innovations in supply chain collaboration models, we have developed a creative supply
chain management approach that supports our partners to quickly improve process and quality
management capabilities, driving a transformation of the value chain.


To ensure manufacturing and logistics quality, we have engaged in comprehensive and in-
depth planning to utilize industry-leading, digitalized and intelligent quality inspection tools and
established a systematic quality assurance mechanism for vehicle manufacturing.


For user service quality, we leverage our internet-based capabilities and extensive user
touchpoints to create an end-to-end quality assurance system for user operation, maintenance
and repair, and issue resolution.




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2024      137
      PART I


                 Certain Other Cooperation Arrangements

                 NIO China Strategic Investors

                 On April 29, 2020, we entered into an investment agreement, or the initial investment agreement,
                 and a shareholders agreement, or the initial shareholders agreement (collectively, the initial
                 agreements), for investments into NIO Holding Co., Ltd. (previously known as NIO (Anhui) Holding
                 Co., Ltd.), or NIO China, a legal entity that we wholly owned pre-investment, with Hefei City
                 Construction and Investment Holding (Group) Co., Ltd., CS Capital Co., Ltd. (also known as CMG-
                 SDIC Capital Co., Ltd.) and Anhui High-tech Co.


                 Pursuant to the initial agreements, each investor may designate a fund managed by it or a
                 third party, as applicable, to perform the investment obligations and assume other rights and
                 obligations under the initial agreements. Accordingly, on June 5, 2020, we entered into respective
                 supplemental agreements I to the initial agreements with the investors and their respective
                 designated funds, Jianheng New Energy Fund, Advanced Manufacturing Industry Investment
                 Fund and New Energy Automobile Fund. Under the supplemental agreements I, (i) Hefei City
                 Construction and Investment Holding (Group) Co., Ltd. designated Jianheng New Energy Fund
                 to assume all of its rights and obligations under the initial agreements, (ii) CS Capital Co.,
                 Ltd. designated Advanced Manufacturing Industry Investment Fund to assume all of its rights
                 and obligations under the initial agreements, (iii) Anhui High-tech Co. designated New Energy
                 Automobile Fund to perform a portion of its investment obligations under the investment
                 agreement and assume the corresponding rights and obligations under the initial agreements,
                 and (iv) Anhui High-tech Co. will continue to perform the remaining of its investment and other
                 obligations not assigned to New Energy Automobile Fund and enjoy its rights under the initial
                 agreements. On June 18, 2020, we entered into respective supplemental agreements II with the
                 parties to the supplemental agreements I and Anhui Sanzhong Yichuang, another designated
                 fund of Anhui High-tech Co. Under the supplemental agreements II, Anhui High-tech Co.
                 designated Anhui Sanzhong Yichuang to assume its remaining rights and obligations under the
                 initial agreements that had not been assigned to New Energy Automobile Fund pursuant to the
                 supplemental agreements I.


                 The initial investment agreement, as amended and supplemented, is referred to as the Hefei
                 Investment Agreement, and the initial shareholders agreement, as amended and supplemented,
                 is referred to as the Previous Hefei Shareholders Agreement in this annual report. The Hefei
                 Investment Agreement and the Previous Hefei Shareholders Agreement are collectively referred to
                 as the Previous Hefei Agreements in this annual report.




138   NIO Inc.
                                                                                            PART I


Under the Hefei Investment Agreement, the Hefei Strategic Investors agreed to invest an aggregate
of RMB7 billion in cash into NIO China. We agreed to inject our core businesses and assets in
China, including vehicle research and development, supply chain, sales and services and NIO
Power, collectively referred to as the Asset Consideration, into NIO China. The Asset Consideration
was valued at RMB17.77 billion, as calculated based on 85% of the market value of our company
(calculated based on our average ADS trading price over the thirty public trading days preceding April
21, 2020). Further, we agreed to invest RMB4.26 billion in cash into NIO China. Upon the completion
of these transactions, we held 75.885% of controlling equity interests in NIO China, and the Hefei
Strategic Investors collectively held the remaining 24.115%. In September 2020, February 2021 and
September 2021, we, through one of our wholly-owned subsidiaries, purchased from certain Hefei
Strategic Investors equity interests in NIO China and subscribed for newly increased registered
capital of NIO China to increase our shareholding. After the completion of these transactions, or the
NIO China Series A Investment, we held 92.114% controlling equity interests in NIO China.


Pursuant to the Previous Hefei Agreements, NIO China established its headquarters in the Hefei
Economic and Technological Development Area for its business operation, research and development,
sales and services, supply chain and manufacturing functions. We collaborated with the Hefei
Strategic Investors and Hefei Economic and Technological Development Area to develop NIO China’s
business and to support the accelerated development of the smart electric vehicle sectors in Hefei.
In addition, NIO China could enjoy a series of subsidies and support from Hefei Economic and
Technological Development Area, including rent subsidies, financial support and preferential tax
treatment, when NIO China meets certain performance criteria, such as targets for manufacturing
capacity, procurement amount and vehicle sales.


On March 30, 2024, we entered into the 2024 Hefei Shareholders Agreement with Jianheng New
Energy Fund, Advanced Manufacturing Industry Investment Fund, New Energy Automobile Fund and
Anhui Sanzhong Yichuang. The 2024 Hefei Shareholders Agreement amended certain shareholders’
rights in NIO China and superseded the Previous Hefei Shareholders Agreement.




                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024     139
      PART I


                 In September 2024, we entered into definitive agreements for investment in NIO China with the
                 Initial NIO China Series B Strategic Investors. Pursuant to the NIO China Series B Investment
                 Agreements, each investor may transfer its rights, interests and obligations under the NIO China
                 Series B Investment Agreements to its affiliates or a third party agreed by us. Subsequently, on
                 December 28, 2024, the Company entered into supplemental agreements to the NIO China Series B
                 Investment Agreements, or the NIO China Series B Supplemental Agreements, with the Initial Series
                 B Strategic Investors and their respective designated entities, which we collectively refer to as the
                 NIO China Series B Strategic Investors, pursuant to which (i) Jianheng New Energy Fund transferred
                 its rights, interests and obligations under the NIO China Series B Investment Agreements to Hefei
                 Jianxiang Investment Co., Ltd., and (ii) Anhui High-tech Co. transferred its rights, interests and
                 obligations under the NIO China Series B Investment Agreements to Anhui Emerging Industry Yuwen
                 Weiyuan Technology Partnership Enterprise (Limited Partnership). Pursuant to the NIO China Series
                 B Investment Agreements and the NIO China Series B Supplemental Agreements, the NIO China
                 Series B Strategic Investors agreed to invest an aggregate of RMB3.3 billion in cash to subscribe for
                 newly issued shares of NIO China, and we agreed to invest an aggregate of RMB10 billion in cash to
                 subscribe for newly issued shares of NIO China, which we collectively refer to as the NIO China Series
                 B Investment. As of the date of this annual report, the NIO China Series B Strategic Investors have
                 injected an aggregate of RMB2.8 billion in cash into NIO China, while we have injected an aggregate of
                 RMB10 billion in cash into NIO China. As of the date of this annual report, we currently hold 89.0% of
                 controlling equity interest in NIO China. We and the NIO China Series B Strategic Investors are working
                 towards the completion of the remaining portion of the previously announced investment transaction.
                 Upon completion, we will hold 88.25% of controlling equity interest in NIO China, while the NIO China
                 Strategic Investors will collectively hold the remaining 11.75% of equity interest in NIO China.


                 In addition, pursuant to the NIO China Series B Investment Agreements, we have the right to invest an
                 additional RMB20 billion to subscribe for additional shares in NIO China by December 31, 2025 based
                 on the same price and terms of the NIO China Series B Investment.


                 In connection with the NIO China Series B Investment, we entered into a new shareholders agreement,
                 as amended and supplemented by the NIO China Series B Supplemental Agreements, or the NIO
                 China Series B Shareholders Agreement, with the NIO China Series B Strategic Investors and the other
                 existing shareholders of NIO China, which we collectively referred to as NIO China Strategic Investors.
                 The NIO China Series B Shareholders Agreement amended certain shareholders’ rights in NIO China
                 and superseded the 2024 Hefei Shareholders Agreement.




140   NIO Inc.
                                                                                           PART I


Pursuant to the NIO China Series B Shareholders Agreement, the NIO China Strategic Investors
have certain minority shareholder rights, including, among others, the right of first refusal, co-sale
right, preemptive right, anti-dilution right, redemption right, liquidation preference and conditional
drag-along right. In particular, the following rights, among others, directly relate to obligations of
NIO Inc.:


•   Redemption right. Any NIO China Strategic Investor may require us and/or our Hong Kong
    holding vehicles, the immediate holding companies of NIO China, to redeem all or a portion
    of the equity interests in NIO China held by such NIO China Strategic Investor upon the
    occurrence of certain triggering events at a redemption price equal to the higher of: (i) the
    total investment amount paid by the NIO China Strategic Investor, plus an investment income
    calculated at a compound rate of 8.5% (with respect to NIO China Series A Investment) or 7.5%
    (with respect to NIO China Series B Investment) per annum; and (ii) the value of the equity
    interests requested for redemption by the NIO China Strategic Investor, based on the post-
    investment valuation of NIO China and its affiliates and controlled entities in the most recent
    financing round. In particular, if NIO China fails to complete the listing application or to issue
    the material assets restructuring plan related to the qualified initial public offering before
    December 31, 2027, or fails to complete the qualified initial public offering before December
    31, 2028, the NIO China Strategic Investors may request us to redeem the equity interest in NIO
    China then held by them.


•   Share transfer restriction. Before NIO China completes its potential qualified initial public
    offering, without the prior written consent of the NIO China Strategic Investors, we may not
    directly or indirectly transfer, pledge or otherwise dispose of NIO China’s shares to a third
    party that may result in our shareholding in NIO China fall below 60%. A qualified initial public
    offering refers to NIO China’s shares being directly or indirectly listed on the Shanghai Stock
    Exchange, the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, or another overseas stock exchange approved by all
    shareholders of NIO China, through an initial public offering or a material assets restructuring
    with a listed company.


•   Liquidation preference. In the event that NIO China is liquidated, the NIO China Strategic
    Investors are guaranteed a minimum investment return equal to their capital contribution
    in NIO China by the NIO China Strategic Investors plus an investment income calculated at a
    compound interest rate of 8.5% (with respect to NIO China Series A Investment) or 7.5% (with
    respect to NIO China Series B Investment) per annum based on the total amount of their capital
    contribution. If the total consideration received by the NIO China Strategic Investors in such
    liquidation events is not sufficient to meet the guaranteed minimum investment return, we
    undertake to compensate separately the shortfall to the NIO China Strategic Investors in cash.
    Therefore, we could potentially be liable for the full amount of the minimum investment return
    under the Hefei Investment Agreement and the NIO China Series B Investment Agreements.




                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024      141
      PART I


                 We maintain effective control over NIO China through our significant shareholdings and
                 corresponding voting rights in NIO China. As of the date of this annual report, we hold 89.0%
                 controlling equity interests and corresponding voting rights in NIO China, and upon completion
                 of the NIO China Series B Investment, we will hold 88.25% of controlling equity interests and
                 corresponding voting rights in NIO China. According to the NIO China Series B Shareholders
                 Agreement and NIO China’s articles of association, certain significant corporate matters requiring
                 shareholders’ approval by law that fall into the protective provisions at the board of directors
                 level shall be approved by the board of directors of NIO China before being presented to the
                 shareholders for approval. Resolutions of the shareholders involving such significant corporate
                 matters may be passed by shareholders holding at least two thirds of all valid voting power, while
                 resolutions involving other matters may be passed by shareholders holding at least half of all valid
                 voting power. Considering our controlling equity interests and corresponding voting rights in NIO
                 China, we have the power to approve all corporate matters that are required to be approved by NIO
                 China’s shareholders.


                 We also have effective control over the board of directors of NIO China through the majority
                 representation and corresponding voting rights on its board. According to the NIO China Series B
                 Shareholders Agreement, the current board of directors of NIO China consists of seven members,
                 five of whom are designated by us and serve as directors or executive officers of the Company.
                 The remaining two directors are designated by Jianheng New Energy Fund and Advanced
                 Manufacturing Industry Investment Fund. Each of these two directors independently exercises
                 voting rights on board matters without any act-in-concert arrangements between them or among
                 the NIO China Strategic Investors. These two directors do not participate in the daily operations
                 and management of NIO China outside of their board meeting participation. Moreover, if the
                 aggregate equity holding of the NIO China Strategic Investors in NIO China is lower than 5%, the
                 NIO China Strategic Investors shall not be entitled to nominate any directors.


                 In addition, a limited scope of significant corporate matters, such as changes in NIO China’s
                 corporate structure, changes to its core business, and amendment to its articles of association,
                 require the affirmative votes of three-fourths (3/4) of the directors for investor protection
                 purposes, while the affirmative votes of two thirds of the directors are sufficient to approve certain
                 corporate matters, such as the annual budget, the annual final accounts, and the appointment or
                 removal of the CEO and CFO, in accordance with the NIO China Series B Shareholders Agreement.


                 Battery Asset Company

                 In August 2020, we and the Battery Asset Company Investors jointly established the Battery Asset
                 Company. We and the Initial BaaS Investors each invested RMB200 million and held 25% equity
                 interests in the Battery Asset Company at its establishment. In December 2020, April 2021, August
                 2021 and July 2022, respectively, the Battery Asset Company entered into agreements with new
                 and existing investors for additional financing. As of the date of this annual report, we beneficially
                 own approximately 19.4% of the equity interests in the Battery Asset Company.




142   NIO Inc.
                                                                                          PART I


Business Collaboration with Forseven

On February 26, 2024, we entered into a technology license agreement, or the Technology License
Agreement, with Forseven, a subsidiary of CYVN Holdings L.L.C. Pursuant to the Technology
License Agreement, we granted a non-exclusive and non-transferrable worldwide license to
Forseven to use certain of our technical information, technical solutions, software and intellectual
property rights related to or subsisting in our existing and future smart electric vehicle platforms
within certain period, which we collectively refer to as the Licensed Technologies, for (i) the
research and development, manufacturing, offering to sell, sales, import and export of vehicle
models sold or marketed under Forseven brand(s) meeting pre-agreed manufacturer’s suggested
retail price thresholds (excluding tax) under the Technology License Agreement, which we
collectively refer to as the Licensed Products, and (ii) the provision or procurement of certain
after-sales services for the Licensed Products to its users or technical services from us. We will
also provide Forseven with information and reasonable assistance to the extent necessary for
Forseven to utilize the Licensed Technologies in accordance with general industry practices. In
addition to the Technology License Agreement, we also entered into various service agreements
to assist Forseven to develop vehicles based on the Technology License Agreement for pre-agreed
fees.


Under the Technology License Agreement, we will receive technology license fees comprising a
non-refundable, fixed upfront license fee plus royalties determined based on the future sales of
Licensed Products by Forseven. In addition, Forseven agrees to indemnify us against any losses
incurred in connection with breach of its confidentiality obligations under the Technology License
Agreement up to a specified liability cap. Subject to certain exceptions, we agree to indemnify
Forseven against losses incurred in connection with any third-party intellectual property
rights infringement claims resulting from Forseven’s or its sublicensee’s use of the Licensed
Technologies in accordance with the Technology License Agreement in an amount of up to twice
the amount of the technology license fees paid or payable to us and up to a specified liability cap.
Subject to certain limitations, each party’s aggregate liabilities under the Technology License
Agreement are capped at a specified liability cap, provided that Forseven’s intentional breach of
the confidentiality obligation is uncapped.




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2024      143
      PART I


                 Unless terminated in accordance with provisions provided therein, the Technology License
                 Agreement will remain valid until the end of production of the Licensed Products (if the license
                 is used for researching, developing, manufacturing, selling, importing and exporting Licensed
                 Products) or the expiration of Forseven’s obligation to provide after-sales services to its
                 users (if the license is used for providing after-sales services). Either party may terminate the
                 Technology License Agreement if the other party: (i) voluntarily applies for insolvency, liquidation,
                 receivership, bankruptcy, or any other similar procedure for the purpose of debt settlement (other
                 than solvent mergers or reorganizations); (ii) involuntarily applies for insolvency, liquidation,
                 receivership, bankruptcy, or any other similar procedure, and such procedures are not revoked
                 or reversed within 60 days; (iii) makes a general assignment for the benefit of its creditors; (iv)
                 dissolves; (v) suspends or threatens to suspend payment of its debts, or is unable to pay debts as
                 they fall due, or admits inability to pay its debts; (vi) commits a material breach of the Technology
                 License Agreement and (a) such breach is irremediable or (b) fails to rectify the breach within 60
                 days after receiving a notice from the non-breaching party detailing the breach and requesting a
                 remedy; and (vii) violates applicable laws relating to export control, sanctions, anti-corruption and
                 anti-bribery.


                 We may also terminate the Technology License Agreement under certain conditions, including if a
                 company that owns one or more automotive brands and sells vehicles under such brand(s) to the
                 market obtains control of Forseven.


                 Competition

                 The automotive market is highly competitive, and we compete with both NEV and ICE vehicles
                 targeting the mid- to high-end segment. The electric vehicle industry continues to evolve, driven by
                 shifting market demands, supportive policies for new energy vehicles, the expansion of charging
                 infrastructure, and advancements in electric component technologies. As more traditional
                 OEMs and other enterprises with strong financial, engineering, manufacturing, and marketing
                 capabilities enter the market, competition is expected to further intensify. Key competitive factors
                 in the industry include pricing, technological innovation, product design and performance, product
                 quality and safety, service and charging solutions, user experience, and manufacturing efficiency.
                 Our competitive advantages in this dynamic landscape lie in our continuously evolving products
                 tailored to better meet customer needs, ongoing advancements in proprietary software and
                 hardware technologies, comprehensive power solutions encompassing battery swapping, as well
                 as an exceptional user experience.




144   NIO Inc.
                                                                                           PART I


Intellectual Property

We have developed a number of proprietary systems and technologies. Since our inception, we
have remained committed to innovation and have dedicated ourselves to investing in research and
development of core technologies. We have strategically focused on building in-house capabilities,
including battery swapping, assisted and intelligent driving, digital technologies, electric
powertrain and battery, vehicle engineering and design, among others. As a result, our success
depends, at least in part, on our ability to protect our core technology and intellectual property,
including our registered patents for electric powertrain, battery and assisted and intelligent
driving technologies, among others. To accomplish this, we adopted a protection approach that
combines patent filings, trade secret protections (mainly through employee and third-party
nondisclosure agreements and internal policies), copyright registrations and trademark filings to
establish and protect our proprietary rights in our technology and brands. We will actively monitor
and pursue claims against unauthorized use or exploitation of our intellectual property.


As of December 31, 2024, we had 5,693 issued patents and 4,122 pending patent applications,
6,296 registered trademarks and 1,371 pending trademark applications in the United States,
China, Europe and other jurisdictions. As of December 31, 2024, we also held or otherwise had
the legal right to use 312 registered copyrights for software or works of art and approximately 869
registered domain names, including www.nio.io. We intend to continue to file additional patent
applications with respect to our technology.


Environmental, Social and Governance

Since our inception, we have embraced the vision of Blue Sky Coming. We deeply understand
that the smart electric vehicle industry plays a crucial role in driving the green and low-carbon
transformation of the economy and society. Recognizing the importance of environmental, social,
and corporate governance, or ESG, and firmly believing in creating sustainable value, we are
committed to leveraging our technologies, products, and services to be a force for good in these
areas.


We have continually enhanced our ESG practice with an unwavering dedication to sustainable
development. In 2024, MSCI upgraded our ESG rating from A to AA, positioning us in the top tier of
the global automotive industry. In addition, we were included on 2024 Fortune China ESG Impact
List, one of the three automotive companies on the list, reflecting our efforts in environmental
stewardship, employee wellbeing, and community engagement. Moreover, we received the Climate
Adaptation Innovation Pioneer Award and the Community Engagement Excellence Award from the
Hong Kong ESG Reporting Awards (HERA), one of the most influential ESG awards in Hong Kong.
In 2024, we conducted extensive research on ESG topics and actively solicited feedback from both
internal and external stakeholders. In January 2025, we were recognized in the Corporate Knights
Global 100, ranking 13th out of over 8,000 companies and securing the top position among global
automotive companies. The achievements in our ESG initiatives reflect the high recognition of our
long-term investment value and sustainable practices by international authorities.




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2024     145
      PART I


                 We are dedicated to fostering sustainable development through responsible governance. We have
                 established a robust and efficient corporate governance structure, and have established the
                 Nominating and ESG Committee under our board of directors, as well as the ESG Steering Team,
                 to streamline our ESG initiatives. We release ESG reports annually on our website, detailing our
                 latest ESG policies and sustainability initiatives.


                 With the guidelines from the United Nations Global Compact, United Nations Sustainable
                 Development Goals, and ESG Sustainability related regulations, we have identified the following
                 three pillars in our ESG initiatives, which have been integrated into our business operations and
                 corporate governance.


                 Environmental Sustainability

                 Focusing on low-carbon development, ecological protection and environmental management, we
                 make efforts to put the concept of sustainability into practice through the whole lifecycle of the
                 green industry chain and build a green eco-system with upstream and downstream partners.


                 At the product design and development stage, based on the philosophy of design for
                 sustainability, we conduct comprehensive research on the availability and application of low-
                 carbon technologies and materials, and apply them on our products to reduce the carbon
                 emission and energy consumption of our product portfolio. During the manufacturing process, we
                 continue to improve and carry forward its green manufacturing system by carrying out intensive
                 green space construction, empowering digital management and committing to renewable energy
                 utilization. In addition, we implemented water, aluminum and other scrap material recycling in our
                 plant and aim to further expand our recycling efforts throughout the product lifecycle. In 2024, our
                 factory was designated as a Green Factory by Anhui Province, signifying a high recognition of our
                 contribution to promoting green manufacturing and low-carbon economic development.


                 Moreover, we have initiated a series of activities together with different stakeholders to protect
                 the environment and support the broader community. We launched Clean Parks, an ecosystem co-
                 conservation initiative co-initiated with the World Wide Fund for Nature and the United Nations
                 Development Programme.




146   NIO Inc.
                                                                                         PART I


Social Sustainability

We are fully committed to being socially responsible and making a positive impact on the society.
Driven by user experience, we integrate quality, safety, and innovation into the whole lifecycle
management of products and services, which not only covers research and development, supply
chain, manufacturing and user service, but also includes innovative business models based on
core technologies, aligning user needs with full-lifecycle user experiences. In 2024, we introduced
the All-Time Quality (ATQ) system, a comprehensive lifecycle quality framework centered on user
interests, which applies quality management across the entire business chain, from product
development, supply chain, manufacturing and logistics to user experience and service quality.


We have built a user community extending from personal growth to community development and
user co-creation. To further understand the demands of users and improve our service quality,
NIO has set up a multi-dimensional satisfaction survey mechanism.


As a member of the United Nations Global Compact, we are committed to fulfilling the standards
and requirements of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the Declaration of the
International Labor Organization on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work, and have
integrated them into internal systems and polices. We focus on identifying and attracting talent
from diverse backgrounds across the globe and aim to facilitate the long-term development of
employees through a value-driven mechanism based on NIO value system. We have established
a unique career development system, NIO Career Path system, providing different development
paths for employees in different positions. On top of our employee stock ownership plan and
compulsory benefits and insurances covering all employees, we also offer our employees various
supplementary benefits and organize various employee activities to enrich employees’ lives and
improve their wellbeing.


We have established various corporate social responsibility initiatives to comprehensively give
back to the communities and to create value for the society. We are the sponsor of the Formula
Student Electric China, a competition event where college students design and race electric
racing vehicles, allowing us to nurture the young talent for the future of the automotive industry.
In addition, NIO Users Trust has been making continuous contributions to public welfare projects,
including rural revitalization, emergency assistance, user care and charity donations, and
collaborating with third-party organizations in various projects with the goal to achieve a balance
between social benefits and economic development.




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2024     147
      PART I


                 Corporate Governance

                 We strictly abide by all laws and regulations and aim to protect the rights and interests of
                 shareholders, enhance corporate value, guide the formulation of business strategies and
                 policies, and increase corporate transparency. To promote our sustainable development and
                 strengthen the effectiveness of governance, we appropriately balance the diversity among board
                 members and management team. As a vital part of our company, our management and board
                 members contribute their insights into the strategic decision-making process by drawing on their
                 gender perspective and diversified industry and technical background. We also aim to develop a
                 pipeline of potential female successors to the Board to increase the percentage of female Board
                 representatives in the coming years.


                 As a responsible company, we serve the long-term value of our business and act with integrity
                 and ethics. We established a comprehensive internal ethics and compliance system and polices to
                 manage our business behavior and prohibit corruption, bribery, extortion, fraud, money laundering,
                 monopoly and unfair competition, and insider trading. For enabling a comprehensive supervision
                 of ethics, we set up the reporting mechanism with whistle-blower protection. In addition, we carry
                 out integrity training for all employees every year, and implement standardized management of
                 the performance of their duties.


                 To provide solid support for business development, we have established a comprehensive
                 information security management system, and has been improving the system constantly in line
                 with applicable laws and regulations in the countries and regions where we conduct business,
                 supporting smooth business operations of our company and protecting the security of user
                 information.


                 To support our mission and advance our ESG initiatives, Nominating and ESG Committee oversees
                 and manages our ESG strategies, policies, and performance, and reports to our board of directors
                 regarding the ESG progress to align the ESG related affairs with the overall strategy of our
                 company. The ESG steering team under the Nominating and ESG Committee takes charges of the
                 implementation of ESG initiatives and projects, and leads the ESG and Sustainability Department
                 and relevant personnel to execute ESG-related specific measures.




148   NIO Inc.
                                                                                        PART I


Seasonality

In the past few years, demand for new vehicles in the automotive industry was generally higher
in the fourth quarter. Such variation may or may not continue in the future. Our limited operating
history makes it difficult for us to judge the exact nature or extent of the seasonality of our
business. Also, any unusually severe weather conditions in some markets may impact demand for
our vehicles.


Insurance

We maintain various insurance policies required by PRC laws and regulations to safeguard against
risks and unexpected events. We consider that the coverage from the insurance policies that
we maintain is in line with the industry norm. We do not have any business liability or disruption
insurance to cover our operations. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2023 and 2024, we
have not made, nor been the subject of, any material insurance claim.


Regulations

This section sets forth a summary of the most significant rules and regulations that affect our
business activities in China.


Regulations and Approvals Covering the Manufacturing of New Energy Vehicles

The NDRC promulgated the Provisions on Administration of Investment in Automobile Industry ,
which took effect on January 10, 2019. According to these provisions, enterprises are encouraged
to, through equity investment and cooperation in production capacity, enter into strategic
cooperation relationship, carry out joint research and development of products, organize
manufacturing activities jointly and increase industrial concentration. The advantageous
resources in production, high learning, research, application and other areas shall be integrated
and core enterprises in automobile industry shall be propelled to form industrial alliance
and industrial consortium. The vehicle investment projects shall be filed with the provincial
development and reform authorities.




                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2024     149
      PART I


                 According to the Regulations on the Administration of Newly Established Pure Electric Passenger
                 Vehicle Enterprises , which took effect on July 10, 2015, the NDRC and the Ministry of Industry and
                 Information Technology are responsible for supervising and administering investment projects
                 of newly established enterprises, as well as overseeing the access of vehicle manufacturers
                 and products within the scope of their respective duties. Before our vehicles can be added to
                 the Announcement of Vehicle Manufacturers and Products , or the Manufacturers and Products
                 Announcement, issued by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, a procedure
                 that is required in order for our vehicles to be approved for manufacture and sale in China, our
                 vehicles must meet the applicable requirements set forth in laws and regulations. Such laws and
                 regulations include, among others, the Administrative Rules on the Admission of New Energy
                 Vehicle Manufacturers and Products , which took effect on July 1, 2017 and was amended on July
                 24, 2020, and the Administrative Rules on the Admission of Passenger Vehicles Manufacturer and
                 Products , which took effect on January 1, 2012, and pass the review by the Ministry of Industry
                 and Information Technology. NEVs that have entered into the Manufacturers and Products
                 Announcement are required to undergo regular inspection every three years by the Ministry
                 of Industry and Information Technology so that it may determine whether the vehicles remain
                 qualified to stay in the Manufacturers and Products Announcement.


                 According to the Administrative Rules on the Admission of New Energy Vehicle Manufacturers and
                 Products , in order for our vehicles to enter into the Manufacturers and Products Announcement,
                 our vehicles must satisfy certain conditions, including, among others, meeting certain standards
                 set out therein, meeting other safety and technical requirements specified by the Ministry of
                 Industry and Information Technology, and passing inspections conducted by a state-recognized
                 testing institution. Once such conditions for vehicles are met and the application has been
                 approved by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, the qualified vehicles are
                 published in the Manufacturers and Products Announcement by the Ministry of Industry and
                 Information Technology. Where any new energy vehicle manufacturer manufactures or sells any
                 model of a new energy vehicle without the prior approval of the competent authorities, including
                 being published in the Manufacturers and Products Announcement by the Ministry of Industry and
                 Information Technology, it may be subject to penalties, including fines, forfeiture of any illegally
                 manufactured and sold vehicles and spare parts and revocation of its business licenses.


                 Regulations on Compulsory Product Certification

                 Under the Administrative Regulations on Compulsory Product Certification which was
                 promulgated by the General Administration of Quality Supervision, Inspection and Quarantine,
                 which has been merged into the State Administration for Market Regulation, on July 3, 2009 and
                 was latest amended on September 29, 2022 and took effect on November 1, 2022, and the List of
                 the First Batch of Products Subject to Compulsory Product Certification which was promulgated
                 in association with the State Certification and Accreditation Administration Committee on
                 December 3, 2001 and took effect on May 1, 2002, the State Administration for Market Regulation
                 is responsible for the regulation and quality certification of automobiles. Automobiles and parts
                 and components must not be sold, exported or used in operating activities until they are certified
                 by designated certification authorities of the PRC as qualified products and granted certification
                 marks.




150   NIO Inc.
                                                                                           PART I


Regulations Relating to Parallel Credits Policy on Vehicle Manufacturers and Importers

On September 27, 2017, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, the Ministry of
Finance, the Ministry of Commerce, the General Administration of Customs of PRC and the
State Administration for Market Regulation jointly promulgated the Measures for the Parallel
Administration of the Average Fuel Consumption and New Energy Vehicle Credits of Passenger
Vehicle Enterprises , which were most recently amended on June 29, 2023 and took effect on
August 1, 2023. Under these measures, each of the vehicle manufacturers and vehicle importers
above a certain scale is required to, among other things, maintain its new energy vehicles credits,
or the NEV credits, and corporate average fuel consumption credits, above zero, regardless of
whether NEVs or ICE vehicles are manufactured or imported by it, and NEV credits can be earned
only by manufacturing or importing NEVs. Therefore, NEV manufacturers will enjoy preferences in
obtaining and calculating NEV credits.


NEV credits are equal to the aggregate actual scores of a vehicle manufacturer or a vehicle
importer minus its aggregate targeted scores. According to these measures, the actual scores
shall be calculated by multiplying the score of each new energy vehicle model, which depends on
various metrics such as the driving range, battery energy efficiency and the rated power of fuel cell
systems, and is calculated based on formula published by the Ministry of Industry and Information
Technology (in the case of a battery electric vehicle, the NEV credit of each vehicle is calculated
by multiplying 0.0034 by the vehicle’s mileage, adding 0.2 to the result, and then multiplying the
total by the mileage adjustment coefficient, battery energy density adjustment coefficient, and
electricity consumption coefficient), by the respective production or import volume, while the
targeted scores shall be calculated by multiplying the annual production or import volume of
traditional ICEs of a vehicle manufacturer or importer by the NEV credit ratio set by the Ministry of
Industry and Information Technology. The NEV credit ratios are 28% and 38% for the years of 2024
and 2025, respectively, increasing from 16% and 18% for the years of 2022 and 2023, respectively.


Additionally, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology will establish a NEV credits pool
for passenger vehicle enterprises to store or withdraw positive NEV credits, and decide whether
to open such pool before July 30 each year based on the average fuel consumption of passenger
vehicle enterprises across the country and the supply and demand of NEV credits. The positive
NEV credits stored in the credit pool do not have a carryover ratio requirement and are valid for
five years. Excess positive NEV credits, or the automotive regulatory credits, are tradable and
may be sold to other enterprises through a credit trading scheme established by the Ministry of
Industry and Information Technology while excess positive corporate average fuel consumption
credits can only be carried forward or transferred among related parties. Negative NEV credits can
be offset by purchasing automotive regulatory credits from other manufacturers or importers.




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2024      151
      PART I


                 According to these measures, the requirements on the NEV credits shall be considered for the
                 entry approval of passenger vehicle manufacturers and products by the regulators. If a passenger
                 vehicle enterprise fails to offset its negative credits, its new products, if the fuel consumption of
                 which does not reach the target fuel consumption value for a certain vehicle models as specified
                 in the Evaluation Methods and Indicators for the Fuel Consumption of Passenger Vehicles , it
                 will not be listed in the Announcement of the Vehicle Manufacturers and Products issued by the
                 Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, or will not be granted the compulsory product
                 certification, and the vehicle enterprises may be subject to penalties according to the applicable
                 rules and regulations.


                 Regulations on Electric Vehicle Charging Infrastructure

                 Pursuant to the Guidance Opinions of the General Office of the State Council on Accelerating the
                 Promotion and Application of the New Energy Vehicles, which took effect on July 14, 2014, the
                 Guidance on the Development of Electric Vehicle Charging Infrastructure (2015-2020), which took
                 effect on October 9, 2015, and the Development Plan for the New-energy Vehicle Industry (2021-
                 2035), which took effect on October 20, 2020, the PRC government encourages the construction
                 and development of charging infrastructure for electric vehicles, such as charging stations and
                 battery swap stations, and only centralized charging and battery replacement power stations are
                 required to obtain approvals for construction permits from the authorities.


                 The Circular on Accelerating the Development of Electrical Vehicle Charging Infrastructures in
                 Residential Areas promulgated on July 25, 2016 provides that the operators of electrical vehicle
                 charging and battery swap infrastructure are required to be covered under liability insurance
                 policies to protect the purchasers of electric vehicles, covering the safety of electric vehicle
                 charging.


                 Regulations on Automobile Sales

                 Pursuant to the Administrative Measures on Automobile Sales promulgated by the Ministry of
                 Commerce, April 5, 2017, which took effect on July 1, 2017, automobile suppliers and dealers
                 are required to file with authorities through the information system for the national automobile
                 circulation operated by the competent commerce department within 90 days after the receipt of a
                 business license. Where there is any change to the information concerned, automobile suppliers
                 and dealers must update such information within 30 days after such change.




152   NIO Inc.
                                                                                          PART I


Regulations on the Recall of Defective Automobiles

On October 22, 2012, the State Council promulgated the Administrative Provisions on Defective
Automotive Product Recalls , which took effect on January 1, 2013 and were amended on March
2, 2019. The product quality supervision department of the State Council is responsible for the
supervision and administration of recalls of defective automotive products nationwide. Pursuant
to the administrative provisions, manufacturers of automobile products are required to take
measures to eliminate defects in products they sell. A manufacturer must recall all defective
automobile products. Failure to recall such products may result in an order to recall the defective
products from the quality supervisory authority of the State Council. If any operator conducting
sales, leasing, or repair of vehicles discovers any defect in automobile products, it must cease
to sell, lease or use the defective products and must assist manufacturers in the recall of those
products. Manufacturers must recall their products through publicly available channels and
publicly announce the defects. Manufacturers must take measures to eliminate or cure defects,
including rectification, identification, modification, replacement or return of the products.
Manufacturers that attempt to conceal defects or do not recall defective automobile products in
accordance with regulations will be subject to penalties, including fines, forfeiture of any income
earned in violation of law and revocation of licenses.


Pursuant to the Implementation Rules on the Administrative Provisions on Defective Automotive
Product Recalls , which took effect on January 1, 2016 and was latest amended on October 23,
2020, if a manufacturer is aware of any potential defect in its automobiles, it must investigate in a
timely manner and report the results of such investigation to the State Administration for Market
Regulation. Where any defect is found during the investigations, the manufacturer must cease to
manufacture, sell, or import the automobile products and recall such products in accordance with
applicable laws and regulations.


On November 23, 2020, the State Administration for Market Regulation issued the Circular on
Further Improving the Regulation of Recall of Automobile with Over-the-Air (OTA) Technology,
pursuant to which automobiles manufacturers that provide technical services through OTA are
required to complete filing with the State Administration for Market Regulation and those who
have provided such services through OTA must complete such filing before December 31, 2020.
In addition, if an automaker uses OTA technology to eliminate defects and recalls its defective
products, it must make a recall plan and complete a filing with the State Administration for
Market Regulation.




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2024      153
      PART I


                 Regulations on Product Liability

                 Pursuant to the Product Quality Law of the PRC , promulgated on February 22, 1993 and latest
                 amended on December 29, 2018, a manufacturer is prohibited from producing or selling products
                 that do not meet applicable standards and requirements for safeguarding human health
                 and ensuring human and property safety. Products must be free from unreasonable dangers
                 threatening human and property safety. Where a defective product causes physical injury to a
                 person or property damage, the aggrieved party may make a claim for compensation from the
                 producer or the seller of the product. Producers and sellers of non-compliant products may be
                 ordered to cease the production or sale of the products and could be subject to confiscation of the
                 products and/or fines. Earnings from sales in contravention of such standards or requirements
                 may also be confiscated, and in severe cases, an offender’s business license may be revoked.


                 Favorable Government Policies Relating to New Energy Vehicles in the PRC

                 On November 2, 2020, the State Council issued the Development Plan for the New-energy Vehicle
                 Industry (2021-2035) , in order to boost the high-quality development of NEVs from 2021 to 2035.
                 The development plan is implemented with a view to achieve the following goals: (i) by 2025, the
                 average power consumption of NEVs will drop to 12.0 kWh per 100 kilometers. The sales volume
                 of NEVs will reach around 20% of the total sales volume of new vehicles, and highly autonomous
                 vehicles will achieve commercial applications in limited areas and specific scenarios; (ii) by 2035,
                 pure electric vehicles shall become the mainstream of new vehicles for sale. Vehicle use in public
                 areas shall achieve full electrification, fuel cell vehicles shall achieve commercialized application,
                 and highly autonomous vehicles shall achieve large-scale application, in order to effectively
                 promote the improvement of energy saving and emission reduction level and social operation
                 efficiency. On December 27, 2023, the NDRC issued the Guidance Catalog for Industrial Structural
                 Adjustment (2024 Edition) , which took effect on February 1, 2024, and pursuant to which,
                 electric vehicle charging facilities and key components of new energy vehicles are categorized as
                 encouraged projects.


                 Government Subsidies for Purchases of New Energy Vehicles

                 On April 22, 2015, the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Science and Technology, the Ministry
                 of Industry and Information Technology and the NDRC jointly issued the Circular on the Financial
                 Support Policies on the Promotion and Application of New Energy Vehicles in 2016-2020 , which
                 took effect on the same day. This circular provides that those who purchase new energy vehicles
                 specified in the Catalogue of Recommended New Energy Vehicle Models for Promotion and
                 Application by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, may obtain subsidies from
                 the PRC national government. Pursuant to this circular, a purchaser may purchase a new energy
                 vehicle from a seller by paying the original price minus the subsidy amount, and the seller may
                 obtain the subsidy amount from the government after such new energy vehicle is sold to the
                 purchaser. This circular also provided a preliminary phase-out schedule for the provision of
                 subsidies.




154   NIO Inc.
                                                                                           PART I


On December 29, 2016, the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Science and Technology, the
Ministry of Industry and Information Technology and the NDRC jointly issued the Circular on
Adjusting the Subsidy Policy for the Promotion and Application of New Energy Vehicles , or the
Circular on Adjusting the Subsidy Policy, which took effect on January 1, 2017, to adjust the
existing subsidy standard for purchases of new energy vehicles. The Circular on Adjusting the
Subsidy Policy capped the local subsidies at 50% of the national subsidy amount, and further
specified that national subsidies for purchasers purchasing certain new energy vehicles (except
for fuel cell vehicles) from 2019 to 2020 would be reduced by 20% as compared to 2017 subsidy
standards.


The subsidy standard is reviewed and updated on an annual basis. The 2020 subsidy standard,
effective from April 23, 2020, was provided in the Circular on Improving the Subsidy Policies for the
Promotion and Application of New Energy Vehicles jointly promulgated by the Ministry of Finance,
the Ministry of Science and Technology, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology
and the NDRC on the same day. The 2020 subsidy standard reduces the base subsidy amount
by 10% for each NEV, sets subsidies for 2 million vehicles as the upper limit of annual subsidy
scale; and provides that national subsidy shall only apply to an NEV that is either (i) with the sale
price under RMB300,000 or (ii) equipped with battery swapping mechanism. Given all our vehicles
are equipped with battery swapping mechanism, purchasers of all our vehicles, regardless of
sales price, are eligible to enjoy the subsidies provided by the PRC government to purchases of
new energy vehicles. The 2021 subsidy standard, effective from January 1, 2021, was provided
in the Circular on Further Improving the Subsidy Policies for the Promotion and Application of
New Energy Vehicles jointly promulgated by the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of Science and
Technology, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology and the NDRC on December 31,
2020. The 2021 subsidy standard reduces the base subsidy amount by 20% for each NEV based
on that for the previous year. Further, the 2022 subsidy standard, effective from January 1, 2022,
was provided in the Circular on Financial Subsidy Policies for the Promotion and Application of
New Energy Vehicles in Year 2022 jointly promulgated by the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry of
Science and Technology, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology and the NDRC on
December 31, 2021. The 2022 subsidy standard reduces the base subsidy amount by 30% for each
NEV from that for the previous year. The new energy vehicles subsidy policy was terminated on
December 31, 2022.




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2024      155
      PART I


                 Exemption of Vehicle Purchase Tax

                 On December 26, 2017, the Ministry of Finance, the State Taxation Administration, the Ministry of
                 Industry and Information Technology and the Ministry of Science and Technology jointly issued the
                 Announcement on Exemption of Vehicle Purchase Tax for New Energy Vehicle . On June 28, 2019,
                 the Ministry of Finance and the State Taxation Administration jointly issued the Announcement
                 on Renewal of Preferential Policies on Vehicle Purchase Tax . Pursuant to the two announcements,
                 from January 1, 2018 to December 31, 2020, the vehicle purchase tax which is applicable for ICE
                 vehicles is not imposed on purchases of qualified new energy vehicles listed in the Catalogue
                 of New Energy Vehicle Models Exempt from Vehicle Purchase Tax , issued by the Ministry of
                 Industry and Information Technology. Such announcement provides that the policy on exemption
                 of vehicle purchase tax is also applicable to new energy vehicles added to this catalogue prior to
                 December 31, 2017. On April 16, 2020, the Ministry of Finance, the State Taxation Administration
                 and the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology jointly issued the Announcement
                 on Exemption of Vehicle Purchase Tax for New Energy Vehicle , with effect from January 1,
                 2021, which extends the vehicle purchase tax exemption period provided under the above two
                 announcements till December 31, 2022. On September 18, 2022, the Ministry of Finance, the State
                 Taxation Administration and the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology jointly issued
                 the Announcement on Continuation of Policies for Exemption of Vehicle Purchase Tax for New
                 Energy Vehicle , with effect from September 18, 2022, which provides that the new energy vehicles
                 purchased during the period from January 1, 2023 to December 31, 2023 will be exempted from
                 the vehicle purchase tax. On June 19, 2023, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology,
                 the Ministry of Finance and the State Taxation Administration, jointly promulgated the
                 Announcement on Continuing and Optimizing the Vehicle Purchase Tax Reduction and Exemption
                 Policies for New Energy Vehicles , pursuant to which, the NEVs purchased from January 1, 2024
                 to December 31, 2025 are eligible for exemption from vehicle purchase tax, with the amount of
                 tax exemption for each new energy passenger vehicle not exceeding RMB30,000; and the vehicle
                 purchase tax on the NEVs purchased from January 1, 2026 to December 31, 2027 shall be reduced
                 by half, with the amount of tax reduction for each new energy passenger vehicle not exceeding
                 RMB15,000.


                 Non-imposition of Vehicle and Vessel Tax

                 The Notice on Preferential Vehicle and Vessel Tax Policies for Energy-saving and New-energy
                 Vehicles and Vessels , which was jointly promulgated by the Ministry of Finance, the Ministry
                 of Transport, the State Taxation Administration and the Ministry of Industry and Information
                 Technology on July 10, 2018, clarifies that NEVs are not subject to vehicle and vessel tax.




156   NIO Inc.
                                                                                           PART I


New Energy Vehicle License Plate

In recent years, in order to control the number of motor vehicles on the road, certain local
governments have issued restrictions on the issuance of vehicle license plates. These restrictions
generally do not apply to the issuance of license plates for new energy vehicles, which makes it
easier for purchasers of new energy vehicles to obtain automobile license plates. For example,
pursuant to the recently issued Implementation Measures on Encouraging Purchase and Use
of New Energy Vehicles in Shanghai , which took effect on January 1, 2024 and remain valid
until December 31, 2024, local authorities will issue new automobile license plates to qualified
purchasers of new energy vehicles without requiring such qualified purchasers to go through
certain license-plate bidding processes and to pay license-plate purchase fees as compared with
purchasers of ICE vehicles.


Regulations on Value-added Telecommunications Services

In 2000, the State Council promulgated the Telecommunications Regulations of the PRC ,
which was most recently amended in February 2016 and provides a regulatory framework
for telecommunications services providers in the PRC. These regulations categorize all
telecommunications businesses in China as either basic or value-added. Value-added
telecommunications services are defined as telecommunications and information services
provided through public network infrastructure. Pursuant to the Classified Catalogue of
Telecommunications Services , an attachment to these regulations, which was most recently
updated in June 2019 by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, internet
information services, or ICP services, are classified as value-added telecommunications services.
Under these regulations and administrative measures, commercial operators of value-added
telecommunications services must first obtain a license for conducting internet content provision
services, or an ICP license, from the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology or its
provincial level counterparts. Otherwise, such operator might be subject to sanctions, including
corrective orders and warnings, imposition of fines and confiscation of illegal gains and, in the
case of significant infringement, orders to close the website.


Pursuant to the Administrative Measures on Internet Information Services , promulgated by the
State Council in 2000 and amended in 2011, “internet information services” refer to the provision
of information through the internet to online users, and are divided into “commercial internet
information services” and “non-commercial internet information services.” A commercial ICP
service operator must obtain an ICP license before engaging in any commercial ICP service within
China, while the ICP license is not required if the operator will only provide internet information on
a non-commercial basis.




                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024      157
      PART I


                 In addition to the regulations and measures above, the provision of commercial internet
                 information services on mobile internet applications are regulated by the Administrative Provisions
                 on Information Services of Mobile Internet Applications , promulgated by the CAC in June 2022,
                 which took effect on August 1, 2022. Pursuant to these provisions, the mobile internet applications
                 providers shall acquire qualifications required by laws and regulations and implement the
                 information security management responsibilities strictly and fulfill their obligations, including
                 real-name system, protection of users’ information, examination and management of information
                 content, and shall comply with provisions on the scope of necessary personal information when
                 engaging in personal information processing activities. In addition, such providers shall not
                 compel the user to agree to the processing of personal information for any reason and refuse the
                 user to use its basic functions and services as the user does not agree to provide non-essential
                 personal information.


                 The Regulations for the Administration of Foreign-Invested Telecommunications Enterprises ,
                 promulgated by the State Council on December 11, 2001 and latest amended on March 29, 2022,
                 which took effect on May 1, 2022, requires that the ultimate foreign equity ownership in a value-
                 added telecommunications services provider may not exceed 50%, except as otherwise stipulated
                 by the state. In addition, the telecommunications enterprises must obtain approval from the
                 Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, or its authorized local counterparts, before
                 launching the value-added telecommunications business in China.


                 Regulations on Autonomous Driving

                 On July 27, 2021, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, the Ministry of Public
                 Security and the Ministry of Transport issued Administration of Road Testing and Demonstration
                 Application of Intelligent Connected Vehicles (Trial Implementation) , or the Circular No. 97, which
                 took effect on September 1, 2021, and is the primary regulation governing protocol of road testing
                 and demonstration application of intelligent connected vehicles in the PRC. Pursuant to the
                 Circular No. 97, any entity intending to conduct the road testing and demonstration application
                 of intelligent connected vehicles must apply for and obtain a temporary license plate for each
                 tested vehicle. To qualify for such temporary license plate, an applicant entity must satisfy,
                 among others, the following requirements: (i) it must be an independent legal person registered
                 under PRC law with the capacity to conduct manufacturing, technological research or testing
                 of automobiles and automobile parts, which has established protocols to test and assess the
                 performance of autonomous driving functionalities of intelligent connected vehicles and is capable
                 of conducting real-time remote monitor of the tested vehicles, and has the ability to ensure the
                 network security of tested vehicles and remote monitoring platform; (ii) the tested vehicle must
                 be equipped with a driving system that can switch between autonomous driving mode and human
                 driving mode in a safe, quick and simple manner and ensures human driver to take control of the
                 tested vehicle any time immediately when necessary; (iii) the tested vehicle must be equipped
                 with the function of recording, storing and real-time monitoring the condition of the tested vehicle
                 and is able to transmit real-time data of the tested vehicle, such as the control mode, location and
                 speed; (iv) it must sign an employment contract or a labor service contract with the driver of the
                 tested vehicle, who must be a licensed driver of corresponding vehicle types with more than three
                 years’ driving experience and a track record of safe driving and is familiar with the testing protocol




158   NIO Inc.
                                                                                              PART I


or application scheme for autonomous driving system and proficient in operating the system;
and (v) it must provide the safety self-declaration, the result of risk assessment on network
security, the proof of corresponding measures taken against such risk and other materials to the
competent department, and insure each tested vehicle for at least RMB5 million against vehicle
accidents or provide a letter of guarantee covering the same. In addition, as to the demonstration
application, the applicant entity could also be a consortium of several independent legal persons
and has the operational capability of demonstration application and relevant scheme.


During the road testing and demonstration application, the tested vehicle shall be marked with
the words such as “autonomous driving road test” or “for autonomous driving demonstration
purposes” in a noticeable manner and the autonomous driving mode shall not be used unless in
the permitted areas specified in the safety self-declaration, and the entity shall not make any
changes of software and hardware that may affect the function and performance of the tested
vehicle without providing the safety description materials to the competent department in
advance. In addition, the entity is required to submit to the competent department a periodical
report every six months and a final report within one month after the completion of road testing
and demonstration application. In the case of a vehicle accident which causes severe injury or
death of personnel or vehicle damage, the entity must report such accident to the competent
department within 24 hours and submit a comprehensive analysis report in writing covering cause
analysis, final liability allocation results, etc. within five working days after the traffic enforcement
agency determines the liability for the accident.


According to the Notice on Promoting the Development of Intelligent Connected Vehicles and
Maintaining the Security of Surveying and Mapping Geographic Information issued by the Ministry
of Natural Resources of the PRC on August 25, 2022, if an intelligent connected vehicle is equipped
with or integrated with certain sensors, the collection, storage, transmission and processing of
surveying and mapping geographic information and data, including spatial coordinates, images,
point clouds and their attribute information, of vehicles and surrounding road facilities in the
process of road test, will be considered surveying and mapping activities. Persons who collect,
store, transmit and process such surveying and mapping geographic information and data, will
be the main actors of surveying and mapping activities. Additionally, if any vehicle manufacturer,
service provider or smart driving software provider that is a domestic enterprise needs to engage
in the collection, storage, transmission and processing of surveying and mapping geographic
information and data, it shall obtain the corresponding surveying and mapping qualification or
entrust an agency with the corresponding surveying and mapping qualification to carry out the
intended activities; if any vehicle manufacturer, service provider or smart driving software provider
that is a foreign-invested enterprise needs to engage in the collection, storage, transmission and
processing of surveying and mapping geographic information and data, it shall entrust an agency
with corresponding surveying and mapping qualification to carry out the intended activities, and
the entrusted agency shall undertake the collection, storage, transmission and processing of
the relevant spatial coordinates, images, point clouds and their attribute information and other
businesses, and provide geographic information service and support.




                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024       159
      PART I


                 On November 17, 2023, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, the Ministry of Public
                 Security, the Ministry of Housing and Urban-Rural Development and the Ministry of Transport
                 promulgated the Notice on Carrying out the Pilot Program of Market Access and Road Passage for
                 Intelligent Connected Vehicles. Such notice applies to (1) the product access pilot for intelligent
                 connected vehicle products equipped with autonomous driving functions and (2) the intelligent
                 connected vehicles that have gained access to carry out road access pilots in restricted areas.
                 To carry out the product access pilot, the applicant must first obtain confirmation from the
                 Ministry of Industry and Information Technology and the Ministry of Public Security. They must
                 also pass tests and safety assessments supervised by provincial authorities and city government
                 departments where the vehicles operate. Only then can they submit the application for product
                 access to the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology. Additionally, the applicant must
                 purchase insurance for the vehicle and complete the registration process. On November 21, 2023,
                 the Ministry of Transport issued the Guideline on Transport Safety and Service for Autonomous
                 Vehicles (Trial Implementation) , which specifically provides the requirements for commercial
                 operation of autonomous vehicles in respect of the scope of application, basic principles,
                 application scenarios, operators of autopilot transport, transport vehicles, staffing, safety
                 assurance, supervision and administration. On July 26, 2024, the Ministry of Natural Resources
                 promulgated the Notice of the Ministry of Natural Resources on Strengthening the Administration
                 of Surveying, Mapping and Geoinformation Security Relating to Intelligent Connected Vehicles,
                 and emphasized various related matters, including the requirement of conducting surveying
                 and mapping activities related to intelligent connected vehicles in accordance with the law,
                 strengthening the management of surveying and mapping activities involving intelligent
                 connected vehicles, strictly managing confidential and sensitive geographic information data,
                 strictly reviewing electronic navigation maps, implementing the requirements for the storage
                 of geoinformation data and cross-border transfer of such data, strengthening the regulation
                 of geoinformation security, encouraging the exploration of geographic information security
                 application, etc.


                 Regulations on Consumer Rights Protection

                 Our business is subject to a variety of consumer protection laws, including the PRC Consumer
                 Rights and Interests Protection Law, as amended in 2013 and took effect on March 15, 2014,
                 which imposes stringent requirements and obligations on business operators. Failure to comply
                 with these consumer protection laws could subject us to administrative sanctions, such as
                 the issuance of a warning, confiscation of illegal income, imposition of fines, an order to cease
                 business operations, revocation of business licenses, as well as potential civil or criminal
                 liabilities.


                 On March 15, 2024, the State Council promulgated the Implementation Regulations on the
                 PRC Consumer Rights and Interests Protection Law , which took effect on July 1, 2024. These
                 implementation regulations refine and supplement the provisions on operator obligations,
                 improve the provisions related to the online consumption, and strengthen the obligations of
                 prepaid consumption operators. For example, (i) operators shall not use standard clauses to
                 unreasonably exempt or reduce their liabilities, aggravate consumers’ liabilities, or restrict
                 consumers’ rights to change or terminate contracts in accordance with the law, choose litigation




160   NIO Inc.
                                                                                           PART I


or arbitration to resolve disputes, or choose goods or services from other operators; (ii) operators
shall not excessively collect consumers’ personal information, and shall not force or covertly
force consumers to consent to the collection and use of personal information that is not directly
related to business activities by means of a general authorization, default authorization, or other
methods; (iii) without the consent of consumers, operators shall not send commercial information
or make commercial phone calls to consumers; if consumers agree to receive such information
or calls, operators shall provide clear and convenient cancellation methods; if consumers choose
to cancel, operators shall immediately stop sending such information or making such calls; (iv)
operators shall use an easy-to-understand method to provide consumers with information related
to goods or services truly and comprehensively, and shall not set different prices or charging
standards for the same goods or services under the same conditions without the knowledge
of consumers; and (v) if operators provide services through automatic extension or automatic
renewal, they shall bring it to the attention of consumers in a conspicuous manner before
consumers accept the services and before the date of automatic extension or automatic renewal.


Regulations on Internet Information Security and Privacy Protection

In December 2012, the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress of China
promulgated the Decision on Strengthening Network Information Protection to enhance the legal
protection of information security and privacy on the internet. This decision also requires internet
operators to take measures to ensure confidentiality of information of users.


In July 2013, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology promulgated the Provisions
on Protection of Personal Information of Telecommunication and Internet Users to regulate the
collection and use of users’ personal information in the provision of telecommunication service
and internet information service in China.


On July 1, 2015, the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress of China promulgated
the PRC National Security Law , which took effect on the same day. The PRC National Security Law
provides that the state shall safeguard the sovereignty, security and cyber security development
interests of the state, and that the state shall establish a national security review and supervision
system to review, among other things, foreign investment, key technologies, internet and
information technology products and services, and other important activities that are likely to
impact the national security of the PRC.


In August 2015, the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress of China promulgated
the Ninth Amendment to the Criminal Law , which took effect in November 2015 and amended
the standards of crime of infringing citizens’ personal information and reinforced the criminal
culpability of unlawful collection, transaction, and provision of personal information. It further
provides that any ICP provider that fails to fulfill the obligations related to internet information
security administration as required by applicable laws and refuses to rectify upon orders will be
subject to criminal liability.




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2024      161
      PART I


                 In November 2016, the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress of China
                 promulgated the Cyber Security Law of the PRC , which took effect on June 1, 2017. The Cyber
                 Security Law requires that a network operator take technical measures and other necessary
                 measures in accordance with applicable laws and regulations and the compulsory requirements
                 of the national and industrial standards to safeguard the safe and stable operation of its
                 networks. We are subject to such requirements as we are operating internet of vehicles, a
                 website and mobile application and providing certain internet services mainly through our mobile
                 application. The Cyber Security Law further requires network operators to formulate contingency
                 plans for network security incidents, report to the competent departments immediately upon the
                 occurrence of any incident endangering cyber security and take corresponding remedial measures.


                 Network operators are also required to maintain the integrity, confidentiality and availability of
                 network data. The Cyber Security Law reaffirms the basic principles and requirements specified in
                 other existing laws and regulations on personal data protection, such as the requirements on the
                 collection, use, processing, storage and disclosure of personal data, and network operators being
                 required to take technical and other necessary measures to ensure the security of the personal
                 information they have collected and prevent the personal information from being divulged,
                 damaged or lost. Any violation of the Cyber Security Law may subject the internet information
                 services provider to warnings, fines, confiscation of illegal gains, revocation of licenses,
                 cancellation of filings, shutdown of websites or criminal liabilities.


                 The General Administration of Quality Supervision, Inspection and Quarantine and Standardization
                 Administration issued the Standard of Information Security Technology – Personal Information
                 Security Specification (2017 edition) , which took effect in May 2018, and the Standard of
                 Information Security Technology – Personal Information Security Specification (2020 edition) ,
                 which took effect in October 2020. Pursuant to these standards, any entity or person who has
                 the authority or right to determine the purposes for and methods of using or processing personal
                 information are seen as a personal data controller. Such personal data controller is required to
                 collect information in accordance with applicable laws, and prior to collecting such data, the
                 information provider’s consent is required.


                 On November 28, 2019, the Secretary Bureau of the CAC, the General Office of the Ministry of
                 Industry and Information Technology, the General Office of the Ministry of Public Security and the
                 General Office of the State Administration for Market Regulation jointly issued the Notice on the
                 Measures for Determining the Illegal Collection and Use of Personal Information through Mobile
                 Applications , which aims to provide reference for supervision and administration departments and
                 provide guidance for mobile applications operators’ internal examination and internal correction
                 and social supervision by netizens, and further elaborates the forms of behavior constituting
                 illegal collection and use of the personal information through mobile applications including: (i)
                 failing to publish the rules on the collection and use of personal information; (ii) failing to explicitly
                 explain the purposes, methods and scope of the collection and use of personal information; (iii)
                 collecting and using personal information without the users’ consent; (iv) collecting personal
                 information unrelated to the services they provide and beyond the necessary principle; (v)
                 providing personal information to others without the users’ consent; (vi) failing to provide the
                 function of deleting or correcting the personal information according to the laws or failing to
                 publish information such as ways of filing complaints and reports.

162   NIO Inc.
                                                                                         PART I


In addition, on May 28, 2020, the National People’s Congress of China approved the PRC Civil Code ,
which took effect on January 1, 2021. Pursuant to the PRC Civil Code , the collection, storage,
use, process, transmission, provision and disclosure of personal information should follow the
principles of legitimacy, properness and necessity.


On May 12, 2021, the CAC issued the Several Provisions on Automobile Data Security Management
(Draft for Comment) , which further elaborates the principles and requirements for the protection
of personal information and important data in the automobile industry scenarios, and defines
enterprise or institution engaged in the automobile design, manufacture, and service as an
operator. Such operator is required to process personal information or important data in
accordance with applicable laws and regulations during the process of design, production, sales,
operation, maintenance, and management of automobile. On August 16, 2021, the CAC, the
NDRC, the Ministry of Public Security, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology and
the Ministry of Transport jointly promulgated the Several Provisions on Automobile Data Security
Management (Trial Implementation) , or the Provisions on Automobile Data Security, which took
effect from October 1, 2021 and clearly defines the definition of automobile data, automobile
data processing, automobile data processor, personal information, sensitive personal information
and important data, and aims to regulate the collection, analysis, storage, utilization, provision,
publication, and cross-border transmission of personal information and important data generated
throughout the lifecycle of automobiles by automobile designers, producers and service providers.
Automobile data processors, including automobile manufacturers, compartment and software
providers, dealers, maintenance providers are required to process personal information and
important data in accordance with applicable laws during the automobile design, manufacture,
sales, operation, maintenance and management. To process personal information, automobile
data processors shall obtain the consent of the individual or conform to other circumstances
stipulated by laws and regulations. Pursuant to the Provisions on Automobile Data Security,
important data shall be stored within the PRC and a cross-border data security assessment shall
be conducted by the national cyberspace administration authority in concert with departments
under the State Council if there is a need to provide such data overseas. The security management
for the cross-border transfer of personal information which is not included in important data
shall be governed by the PRC laws and regulations. To process important data, automobile
data processors shall conduct risk assessment in accordance with regulations and submit risk
assessment reports to related departments at provincial levels.


On June 10, 2021, the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress of China
promulgated the Data Security Law of the PRC , which took effect in September 2021. The Data
Security Law sets forth data security and privacy related compliance obligations on entities and
individuals carrying out data related activities. The Data Security Law also introduces a data
classification and layered protection system based on the importance of data and the degree of
impact on national security, public interests or legitimate rights and interests of individuals or
organizations when such data is tampered with, destroyed, leaked or illegally acquired or used.
In addition, the Data Security Law provides a national security review procedure for those data
activities that may affect national security, and imposes export restrictions on certain data and
information. According to the PRC National Security Law , the State shall establish institutions




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2024     163
      PART I


                 and mechanisms for national security review and regulation, and conduct national security review
                 on certain matters that affect or may affect PRC national security, such as key technologies and
                 IT products and services. Furthermore, the Data Security Law also provides that any organization
                 or individual within the territory of the PRC shall not provide any foreign judicial body and law
                 enforcement body with any data without the approval of the competent PRC governmental
                 authorities. In early July 2021, regulatory authorities in China launched cybersecurity
                 investigations with regard to several China-based companies that are listed in the United States.


                 In July 2021, General Office of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China and
                 the General Office of the State Council jointly issued the Opinions on Severely Cracking Down
                 on Illegal Securities Activities According to Law , which were made available to the public on
                 July 6, 2021. The opinions emphasized the need to strengthen the administration over illegal
                 securities activities, and the need to strengthen the supervision over overseas listings by Chinese
                 companies. Effective measures, such as promoting the construction of regulatory systems, will be
                 taken to deal with the risks and incidents of China-concept overseas listed companies. As of the
                 date of this annual report, we have not received any inquiry, notice, warning, or sanctions from
                 PRC governmental authorities in connection with the above contents of the opinions.


                 On December 28, 2021, the CAC, the NDRC, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology,
                 the Ministry of Public Security, the Ministry of National Security, the Ministry of Finance, the
                 Ministry of Commerce, the People’s Bank of China, the State Administration for Market Regulation,
                 the National Radio and Television Administration, the CSRC, the National Administration of State
                 Secrets Protection and the State Cryptography Administration jointly released the Cybersecurity
                 Review Measures , which took effect on February 15, 2022. Pursuant to the Cybersecurity Review
                 Measures, network platform operators with information of over one million users shall be subject
                 to cybersecurity review before listing abroad. The cybersecurity review will evaluate, among other
                 things, the risk of critical information infrastructure, core data, important data, or the risk of a
                 large amount of personal information being influenced, controlled or maliciously used by foreign
                 governments after going public, and cyber information security risk.


                 On July 30, 2021, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology issued the Opinion on
                 Strengthening the Access Administration of Intelligent Connected Vehicles Manufacturing
                 Enterprises and Their Products, which provided responsibilities of intelligent connected vehicles
                 manufacturing enterprises, and required such enterprises to strengthen the management of
                 vehicle data security, cyber security, software updates, function safety and intended function
                 safety. Furthermore, this opinion stated that vehicles manufacturing enterprises shall conduct
                 cybersecurity reviews prior to transmitting data abroad.




164   NIO Inc.
                                                                                           PART I


On July 30, 2021, the State Council promulgated the Regulations on the Protection of the Security
of Critical Information Infrastructure , which took effect in September 2021. These regulations
supplement and specify the provisions on the security of critical information infrastructure as
stated in the Cyber Security Law. These regulations provide, among other things, that protection
department of certain industry or sector shall notify the operator of the critical information
infrastructure in time after the identification of certain critical information infrastructure.
According to these regulations, operators of certain industries or sectors that may endanger
national security, people’s livelihood and public interest in case of damage, function loss or
data leakage may be identified as critical information infrastructure operators by the CAC or
the respective industrial regulatory authorities once they meet the identification standards
promulgated by the authorities.


On August 20, 2021, the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress of China
promulgated the Personal Information Protection Law of the PRC , which took effect in November
2021. As the first systematic and comprehensive law specifically for the protection of personal
information in the PRC, the Personal Information Protection Law provides, among other things,
that (i) an individual’s separate consent shall be obtained before operation of such individual’s
sensitive personal information, e.g., biometric characteristics and individual location tracking, (ii)
personal information operators operating sensitive personal information shall notify individuals
of the necessity of such operations and the influence on the individuals’ rights, (iii) if personal
information operators reject individuals’ requests to exercise their rights, individuals may file a
lawsuit with a People’s Court.


On October 29, 2021, the CAC issued the Measures for the Security Assessment of Data Exit
(Draft for Comment) , and on July 7, 2022, the CAC finally adopted the Measures for the Security
Assessment of Data Exit , which took into effect on September 1, 2022 and stipulates that data
processors who provide overseas the personal information and important data collected and
generated during operations within the PRC shall be subject to security assessment by the
CAC. Specifically, if the data processor provides data overseas and meets one of the following
circumstances, it shall declare the security assessment: (i) personal information by operators of
critical information infrastructure; (ii) the data contains important data; (iii) personal information
processors who have processed personal information of one million people provide personal
information abroad; (iv) accumulatively provided personal information of more than one hundred
thousand people or sensitive personal information of more than ten thousand people abroad
since January 1 of the previous year; and (v) other circumstances as specified by the CAC. The
assessment results of the data exit are valid for two years.


On December 8, 2022, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology published the
Administration Measures on Data Security in the Field of Industry and Information Technology
(Trial Implementation) , which took effect on January 1, 2023. Such measures require the
industrial and telecom data processors to further implement data classification and hierarchical
management, take necessary measures to ensure that data remains effectively protected and
being lawfully applied and conduct data security risk monitoring. Such measures also provide the
definitions of “core data” and “important data” in the field of industry and information technology.




                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024      165
      PART I


                 On February 22, 2023, the CAC promulgated the Measures for the Standard Contract for Cross-
                 border Transfer of Personal Information (the “Measures for Standard Contract”), which became
                 effective on June 1, 2023. The Measures for Standard Contract requires that any personal
                 information processor transferring personal information abroad by entering into the standard
                 contract shall meet all of the following conditions: (i) it is not a critical information infrastructure
                 operator; (ii) it processes the personal information of less than 1 million individuals; (iii) it has
                 cumulatively transferred abroad the personal information of less than 100,000 individuals since
                 January 1 of the previous year; and (iv) it has cumulatively transferred abroad the sensitive
                 personal information of less than 10,000 individuals since January 1 of the previous year. Where
                 there are other relevant provisions in any laws, administrative regulations or rules of the CAC,
                 such provisions shall apply. It also emphasizes that any personal information processor shall
                 not use methods such as quantity splitting of the personal information that is required by law
                 to undergo the security assessment for data cross-border transfer under the Measures for Data
                 Cross-border Transfer. The standard contract shall be concluded in strict accordance with the
                 annex of the Measures for Standard Contract, and the personal information processors shall,
                 within 10 working days after the standard contract enters into effect, apply for filing with the local
                 cyberspace administration at the provincial level.


                 On March 22, 2024, the Provisions on Promoting and Regulating Cross-border Data Flows (the
                 “New Provisions on Cross-border Data Flows”), which were promulgated by the CAC, became
                 effective. Under the New Provisions on Cross-border Data Flows, to provide the data collected and
                 generated in such activities as international trade, cross-border transport, academic cooperation,
                 transnational manufacturing and marketing, which do not contain personal information or
                 important data, to overseas parties, it is exempted from declaring security assessment for data
                 to be provided abroad, concluding a standard contract for personal information to be provided
                 abroad or passing authentication for protection of personal information. It also emphasizes
                 that, where a data processor other than a critical information infrastructure operator provides
                 abroad the personal information (excluding sensitive personal information) of not more than
                 100,000 persons accumulatively as of January 1 of the current year, it may be exempted from
                 declaring security assessment for data to be provided abroad, concluding a standard contract for
                 personal information to be provided abroad or passing authentication for protection of personal
                 information.


                 On May 24, 2024, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology issued the Implementing
                 Rules for the Risk Assessment of Data Security in the Field of Industry and Information Technology
                 (Trial Implementation) , which took effect on June 1, 2024. Such implementing rules apply to data
                 security risk assessment activities conducted by important data or core data processors in the
                 field of industry and information technology in China. General data processors may also refer
                 to these rules to conduct data security risk assessment. The implementing rules establish data
                 security risk assessment mechanisms at both ministerial and provincial levels, refine assessment
                 obligations of processors of important data and core data, and clarify the mechanism and
                 procedures for competent industrial authorities to supervise and administer such assessment
                 activities.




166   NIO Inc.
                                                                                          PART I


On September 24, 2024, the Regulation on Network Data Security Management was promulgated
by the State Council, and became effective as of January 1, 2025. This regulation restates and
further specifies the legal requirements for personal information, important data, cross-border
data transfer, network platform services, and data security. Among others, if the network data
processing activities have or may have impacts on national security, such activities shall be
subject to national security review in accordance with relevant laws and regulations.


Regulations on E-Commerce

On August 31, 2018, the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress of China
promulgated the E-Commerce Law of the PRC , which took effect as of January 1, 2019. The
E-Commerce Law establishes the regulatory framework for the e-commerce sector in the PRC for
the first time by laying out certain requirements on e-commerce platform operators. According
to the E-Commerce Law, the e-commerce platform operators shall prepare a contingency plan
for cybersecurity events and take technological measures and other measures to prevent online
illegal and criminal activities. The E-Commerce Law also expressly requires e-commerce platform
operators to take necessary actions to ensure fair dealing on their platforms to safeguard the
legitimate rights and interests of consumers, including to prepare platform service agreements
and transaction information record-keeping and transaction rules, to prominently display such
documents on the platform’s website, and to keep such information for no less than three years
following the completion of a transaction. Where the e-commerce platform operators conduct
its own business on their platforms, they shall distinguish and mark their business from the
businesses of the business operators using the platform in a prominent manner, and shall not
mislead consumers. The e-commerce platform operators shall bear civil liability of a commodity
seller or service provider for its own business, pursuant to the law.


Regulations on Insurance Brokerage

According to Insurance Law of the PRC promulgated by the Standing Committee of the National
People’s Congress of China on June 30, 1995 and latest amended on April 24, 2015, which
took effect on April 24, 2015, insurance brokers shall meet the conditions prescribed by the
insurance regulatory agency of the State Council and obtain the license for operating insurance
brokerage business. On February 1, 2018, China Insurance Regulatory Commission which has
been merged into the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission, promulgated the
Regulatory Provisions on Insurance Brokerages , which took effect on May 1, 2018. Pursuant to
these provisions, insurance brokers shall mean institutions which provide intermediary services
for execution of insurance contracts between policyholders and insurance companies based on
interests of policyholders and collect commissions, including insurance brokerage companies and
their branches. Any insurance brokerage company operating insurance brokerage businesses in
the PRC shall satisfy the stipulated criteria and obtain a license for operating insurance brokerage
businesses. Whoever illegally engages in insurance brokerage business without a license shall
be banned, and its illegal gains shall be confiscated and it shall be fined not less than one time
and not more than five times the illegal gains; if there is no illegal gains or the illegal gains are
less than RMB50,000, a fine of not less than RMB50,000 and not more than RMB300,000 shall be
imposed.




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2024      167
      PART I


                 According to the Service Guidelines for Approval of the Establishment of Insurance Brokerage
                 Institutions issued by the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission on September
                 30, 2021, insurance brokers whose foreign investment ratio is higher than or equal to 25% after
                 penetrating cumulative calculation are regarded as foreign-invested insurance brokers. Pursuant
                 to the Notice of the CBIRC General Office on Clarifying Relevant Measures for the Opening-up of
                 the Insurance broker Market issued by the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission
                 on December 3, 2021, overseas insurance brokerage companies with actual business experience
                 and complying with the provisions of the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission
                 are permitted to invest in and establish insurance brokerage companies in China to engage in
                 insurance brokerage business. However, in practice, subject to the qualifications set by the
                 China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission for foreign shareholders of the insurance
                 brokerage companies, the China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission typically would
                 not approve the establishment of foreign-invested insurance brokerage companies.


                 Regulations on Land and the Development of Construction Projects

                 Regulations on Land Grants

                 Under the Interim Regulations on Assignment and Transfer of the Rights to the Use of the State-
                 owned Urban Land of the PRC , promulgated by the State Council on May 19, 1990 and latest
                 amended on November 29, 2020, a system of assignment and transfer of the right to use state-
                 owned land was adopted. A land user must pay land premiums to the state as consideration
                 for the assignment of the right to use a land site within a certain term, and the land user who
                 obtained the right to use the land may transfer, lease out, mortgage or otherwise commercially
                 exploit the land within the term of use. Under the Interim Regulations on Assignment and Transfer
                 of the Rights to the Use of the State-owned Urban Land of the PRC and the Law of the PRC on
                 Urban Real Estate Administration , the local land administration authority may enter into an
                 assignment contract with the land user for the assignment of land use rights. The land user is
                 required to pay the land premium as provided in the assignment contract. After the full payment
                 of the land premium, the land user must register with the land administration authority and obtain
                 a land use rights certificate which evidences the acquisition of land use rights.


                 Regulations on Planning of a Construction Project

                 Pursuant to the Regulations on Planning Administration regarding Assignment and Transfer of the
                 Rights to Use of the State-Owned Land in Urban Area promulgated by the Ministry of Construction
                 in December 1992 and amended in January 2011, a construction land planning permit shall
                 be obtained from the municipal planning authority with respect to the planning and use of
                 land. According to the Urban and Rural Planning Law of the PRC promulgated by the Standing
                 Committee of the National People’s Congress of China on October 28, 2007 and latest amended
                 on April 23, 2019, a construction work planning permit must be obtained from the competent
                 urban and rural planning government authority for the construction of any structure, fixture, road,
                 pipeline or other engineering project within an urban or rural planning area.




168   NIO Inc.
                                                                                          PART I


After obtaining a construction work planning permit, subject to certain exceptions, a construction
enterprise must apply for a construction work commencement permit from the construction
authority under the local people’s government at the county level or above in accordance with the
Administrative Provisions on Construction Permit of Construction Projects promulgated by the
Ministry of Housing and Urban-Rural Development on June 25, 2014 and implemented on October
25, 2014 and latest amended on March 30, 2021.


Pursuant to the Administrative Measures for Reporting Details Regarding Acceptance Examination
upon Completion of Buildings and Municipal Infrastructure promulgated by the Ministry of
Construction on April 4, 2000 and amended on October 19, 2009 and the Provisions on Acceptance
Examination upon Completion of Buildings and Municipal Infrastructure promulgated and
implemented by the Ministry of Housing and Urban-Rural Development on December 2, 2013,
upon the completion of a construction project, the construction enterprise must submit an
application to the competent department in the people’s government at or above county level
where the project is located, for examination upon completion of building and for filing purpose;
and to obtain the filing form for acceptance and examination upon completion of construction
project.


Regulations on Environmental Protection and Work Safety

Regulations on Environmental Protection

Pursuant to the Environmental Protection Law of the PRC promulgated by the Standing Committee
of the National People’s Congress of China, on December 26, 1989, latest amended on April 24,
2014 and effective on January 1, 2015, any entity which discharges or will discharge pollutants
during the course of operations or other activities must implement effective environmental
protection safeguards and procedures to control and properly treat waste gas, waste water, waste
residue, dust, malodorous gases, radioactive substances, noise, vibrations, electromagnetic
radiation and other hazards produced during such activities.


Environmental protection authorities impose various administrative penalties on persons or
enterprises in violation of the Environmental Protection Law. Such penalties include warnings,
fines, orders to rectify within the prescribed period, orders to cease construction, orders to
restrict or suspend production, orders to make recovery, orders to disclose information or make
an announcement, imposition of administrative action against responsible persons, and orders
to shut down enterprises. Any person or entity that pollutes the environment resulting in damage
could also be held liable under the PRC Civil Code . In addition, environmental organizations may
also bring lawsuits against any entity that discharges pollutants detrimental to the public welfare.




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2024      169
      PART I


                 Regulations on Work Safety

                 Under construction safety laws and regulations, including the Work Safety Law of the PRC, which
                 was promulgated by the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress of China on June
                 29, 2002, latest amended on June 10, 2021 and took effect on September 1, 2021, production and
                 operating business entities must establish objectives and measures for work safety and improve
                 the working environment and conditions for workers in a planned and systematic way. A work
                 safety protection scheme must also be set up to implement the work safety job responsibility
                 system. In addition, production and operating business entities must arrange work safety training
                 and provide the employees with protective equipment that meets the national standards or
                 industrial standards. Furthermore, production and operating business entities shall report their
                 major hazard sources and related safety and emergency measures to the emergency management
                 department and other departments for the record, and establish a safety risk grading control
                 system and take corresponding control measures. Automobile and components manufacturers
                 are subject to the above-mentioned environment protection and work safety requirements.


                 Regulations on Fire Control

                 Pursuant to the Fire Control Law of the PRC promulgated by the Standing Committee of the
                 National People’s Congress of China on April 29, 1998 and latest amended on April 29, 2021, for
                 special construction projects stipulated by the housing and urban-rural development authority
                 of the State Council, the developer shall submit the fire safety design documents to the housing
                 and urban-rural development authority for examination, while for construction projects other
                 than those stipulated as special development projects, the developer shall, at the time of applying
                 for the construction permit or approval for work commencement report, provide the fire safety
                 design drawings and technical materials which satisfy the construction needs. According to the
                 Interim Regulations on Administration of Examination and Acceptance of Fire Control Design
                 of Construction Projects promulgated on April 1, 2020 and effective on June 1, 2020, which
                 was latest amended on August 21, 2023, an examination system for fire prevention design and
                 acceptance only applies to special construction projects, and for other projects, a record-filing
                 and spot check system would be applied.


                 Regulations on Intellectual Property Rights

                 Patent Law

                 According to the Patent Law of the PRC promulgated by the Standing Committee of the National
                 People’s Congress of China on March 12, 1984 and was latest amended in October 2020 and took
                 effect on June 1, 2021, the State Intellectual Property Office is responsible for administering
                 patent law in the PRC. The patent administration departments of provincial, autonomous region
                 or municipal governments are responsible for administering patent law within their respective
                 jurisdictions. The Chinese patent system adopts a first-to-file principle, which means that when
                 more than one person files different patent applications for the same invention, only the person
                 who files the application first is entitled to obtain a patent of the invention. To be patentable, an
                 invention or a utility model must meet three criteria: novelty, inventiveness and practicability. The
                 protection period is twenty years for an invention patent and ten years for a utility model patent
                 and fifteen years for a design patent, commencing from their respective application dates.




170   NIO Inc.
                                                                                               PART I


Regulations on Copyright

The Copyright Law of the PRC which took effect on June 1, 1991 and was latest amended in
2020 and took effect on June 1, 2021, provides that Chinese citizens, legal persons, or other
organizations shall, whether published or not, own copyright in their copyrightable works, which
include, among others, works of literature, art, natural science, social science, engineering
technology and computer software. Copyright owners enjoy certain legal rights, including right of
publication, right of authorship and right of reproduction. The Copyright Law extends copyright
protection to internet activities, products disseminated over the internet and software products. In
addition, the Copyright Law provides for a voluntary registration system administered by the China
Copyright Protection Center. According to the Copyright Law, an infringer of the copyrights shall be
subject to various civil liabilities, which include ceasing infringement activities, apologizing to the
copyright owners and compensating the loss of the copyright owner. Infringers of a copyright may
also be subject to fines and/or administrative or criminal liabilities in severe situations.


Pursuant to the Computer Software Copyright Protection Regulations promulgated by the State
Council on December 20, 2001, latest amended on January 30, 2013 and took effect on March 1,
2013, the software copyright owner may go through the registration formalities with a software
registration authority recognized by the State Council’s copyright administrative department.
The software copyright owner may authorize others to exercise that copyright, and is entitled to
receive remuneration.


Trademark Law

Trademarks are protected by the Trademark Law of the PRC which was adopted on August 23,
1982 and latest amended in 2019, as well as by the Implementation Regulations of the PRC
Trademark Law adopted by the State Council in 2002 and latest amended on April 29, 2014.
The Trademark Office under the State Administration for Market Regulation handles trademark
registrations. The Trademark Office grants a ten-year term to registered trademarks and the term
may be renewed for another ten-year period upon request by the trademark owner. A trademark
registrant may license its registered trademarks to another party by entering into trademark
license agreements, which must be filed with the Trademark Office for its record. As with patents,
the Trademark Law of the PRC has adopted a first-to-file principle with respect to trademark
registration. If a trademark applied for is identical or similar to another trademark which has
already been registered or subject to a preliminary examination and approval for use on the same
or similar kinds of products or services, such trademark application may be rejected. Any person
applying for the registration of a trademark may not injure existing trademark rights first obtained
by others, nor may any person register in advance a trademark that has already been used by
another party and has already gained a “sufficient degree of reputation” through such party’s use.




                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024      171
      PART I


                 Regulations on Domain Names

                 The Ministry of Industry and Information Technology promulgated the Measures on Administration
                 of Internet Domain Names on August 24, 2017, which took effect on November 1, 2017. According
                 to these measures, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology is in charge of the
                 administration of PRC internet domain names. The domain name registration follows a first-to-
                 file principle. Applicants for registration of domain names must provide the true, accurate and
                 complete information of their identities to domain name registration service institutions. The
                 applicants will become the holder of such domain names upon the completion of the registration
                 procedure.


                 Regulations on Foreign Investment in China

                 Catalogue for the Guidance of Foreign Investment Industries

                 Investments in the PRC by foreign investors and foreign-invested enterprises were regulated
                 by the Catalogue for the Guidance of Foreign Investment Industries , jointly promulgated by the
                 Ministry of Commerce and NDRC on June 28, 1995 and amended from time to time. This catalogue
                 was last repealed by the Special Administrative Measures (Negative List) for Foreign Investment
                 Access (2024 Version) , or the 2024 Negative List, which was jointly promulgated by the Ministry
                 of Commerce and the NDRC on September 6, 2024 and took effect on November 1, 2024, and
                 the Catalogue of Industries for Encouraging Foreign Investment (2022 Version) , or the 2022
                 Encouraging Catalogue, which was jointly promulgated by the Ministry of Commerce and the NDRC
                 on October 26, 2022 and took effect on January 1, 2023. The 2022 Encouraging Catalogue and
                 the 2024 Negative List set out the industries and economic activities in which foreign investment
                 in the PRC is encouraged, restricted or prohibited. Pursuant to the 2022 Encouraging Catalogue,
                 the research and development and manufacture of key parts and components of NEVs fall within
                 the encouraged catalogue, and the 2024 Negative List lifts the limit on foreign ownership of
                 automakers for ICE passenger vehicles. However, the 2024 Negative List provides that foreign
                 investors shall hold no more than 50% of the equity interest in a service provider operating certain
                 value-added telecommunications services (other than for e-commerce, domestic multi-parties
                 communications, storage and forwarding categories, call centers), and foreign investors are
                 prohibited to invest in certain services related to autonomous driving.


                 The establishment, operation and management of corporate entities in the PRC is governed by
                 the PRC Company Law , which was latest amended on December 29, 2023 and took effect on July
                 1, 2024. The PRC Company Law governs two types of companies – limited liability companies
                 and joint stock limited companies. The PRC Company Law shall also apply to foreign-invested
                 companies. Where laws on foreign investment have other stipulations, such stipulations shall
                 prevail. The primary amendments in the latest amended PRC Company Law include revisions
                 aimed at improving the company’s establishment and exit system, optimizing the company’s
                 organizational structure, detailing exercise of shareholder rights, perfecting the company’s capital
                 system and strengthening the responsibilities of controlling shareholders and management
                 personnel, etc. The establishment procedures, approval or record-filing procedures, registered
                 capital requirements, foreign exchange matters, accounting practices, taxation and labor matters
                 of a wholly foreign-owned enterprise are regulated by the Foreign Investment Law of the PRC ,
                 which took effect on January 1, 2020.



172   NIO Inc.
                                                                                               PART I


Foreign Investment Law

On March 15, 2019, the National People’s Congress of China promulgated the Foreign Investment
Law, which took effect on January 1, 2020. The Foreign Investment Law embodies an expected
PRC regulatory trend to rationalize its foreign investment regulatory regime in line with prevailing
international practice and the legislative efforts to unify the corporate legal requirements for both
foreign and domestic invested enterprises in China. The Foreign Investment Law establishes the
basic framework for the access to, and the promotion, protection and administration of foreign
investments in view of investment protection and fair competition.


According to the Foreign Investment Law, “foreign investment” refers to investment activities
directly or indirectly conducted by one or more natural persons, business entities, or otherwise
organizations of a foreign country, or collectively the foreign investor, within China, and the
investment activities include the following situations: (i) a foreign investor, individually or
collectively with other investors, establishes a foreign-invested enterprise within China; (ii) a
foreign investor acquires stock shares, equity shares, shares in assets, or other similar rights and
interests of an enterprise within China; (iii) a foreign investor, individually or collectively with other
investors, invests in a new project within China; and (iv) investments in other means as provided
by laws, administrative regulations or the State Council.


According to the Foreign Investment Law, the State Council will publish or approve to publish a
catalogue for special administrative measures, or the “negative list.” The Foreign Investment Law
grants national treatment to foreign invested entities, except for those foreign invested entities
that operate in industries deemed to be either “restricted” or “prohibited” in the “negative list.”
Because the “negative list” has yet been published, it is unclear whether it will differ from the
current 2024 Negative List. The Foreign Investment Law provides that foreign invested entities
operating in foreign restricted or prohibited industries will require market entry clearance and
other approvals from PRC governmental authorities.


Furthermore, the Foreign Investment Law provides that foreign invested enterprises established
before the implementation of the Foreign Investment Law may maintain their structure and
corporate governance within five years after the implementation of the Foreign Investment Law.




                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2024       173
      PART I


                 In addition, the Foreign Investment Law also provides several protective rules and principles
                 for foreign investors and their investments in the PRC, including, among others, that local
                 governments shall abide by their commitments to the foreign investors; foreign-invested
                 enterprises are allowed to issue stocks and corporate bonds; except for special circumstances,
                 in which case statutory procedures shall be followed and fair and reasonable compensation shall
                 be made in a timely manner, expropriation or requisition of the investment of foreign investors is
                 prohibited; mandatory technology transfer is prohibited; and the capital contributions, profits,
                 capital gains, proceeds out of asset disposal, licensing fees of intellectual property rights,
                 indemnity or compensation legally obtained, or proceeds received upon settlement by foreign
                 investors within China, may be freely remitted inward and outward in RMB or a foreign currency.
                 Also, foreign investors or the foreign investment enterprise should be imposed legal liabilities for
                 failing to report investment information in accordance with the requirements.


                 On December 26, 2019, the State Council promulgated the Implementation Regulations on the
                 Foreign Investment Law of the PRC , effective on January 1, 2020, which further requires that
                 foreign-invested enterprises and domestic enterprises shall be treated equally with respect to
                 policy making and implementation. Pursuant to the Implementation Regulations on the Foreign
                 Investment Law, if the existing foreign-invested enterprises fail to change their original forms as
                 of January 1, 2025, the market regulation departments will not process other registration matters
                 for the enterprises, and may disclose their information to the public.


                 On December 30, 2019, the Ministry of Commerce and the State Administration for Market
                 Regulation jointly issued the Measures for Reporting of Foreign Investment Information ,
                 which took effect on January 1, 2020. Since January 1, 2020, for foreign investors carrying out
                 investment activities directly or indirectly in the PRC, foreign investors or foreign-invested
                 enterprises shall submit investment information through the enterprise registration system and
                 the national enterprise credit information publicity system operated by the State Administration
                 for Market Regulation. Foreign investors or foreign-invested enterprises shall disclose their
                 investment information by submitting reports for their establishments, modifications and
                 cancellations and their annual reports in accordance with these measures. If a foreign-invested
                 enterprise investing in the PRC has finished submitting its reports for its establishment,
                 modifications and cancellation and its annual reports, the information will be shared by the
                 competent market regulation department to the competent commercial department, and
                 such foreign-invested enterprise is not required to submit the reports to the two departments
                 separately.




174   NIO Inc.
                                                                                         PART I


Regulations on Foreign Exchange

General Principles of Foreign Exchange

Under the Regulations on the Foreign Exchange System of the PRC promulgated on January
29, 1996 and most recently amended on August 5, 2008 and various regulations issued by the
State Administration of Foreign Exchange of the PRC, or the SAFE, and other PRC government
authorities, Renminbi is convertible into other currencies for current account items, such as
trade-related receipts and payments and payment of interest and dividends. The conversion of
Renminbi into other currencies and remittance of the converted foreign currency outside the PRC
of capital account items, such as direct equity investments, loans and repatriation of investment,
requires the prior approval from the SAFE or its local office.


Payments for transactions that take place within the PRC must be made in Renminbi. Unless
otherwise approved, PRC companies may not repatriate foreign currency payments received from
abroad or retain the same abroad. Foreign-invested enterprises may retain foreign exchange in
accounts with designated foreign exchange banks under the current account items subject to a
cap set by the SAFE or its local branch. Foreign exchange proceeds under the current accounts
may be either retained or sold to a financial institution engaged in settlement and sale of foreign
exchange pursuant to SAFE rules and regulations. For foreign exchange proceeds under the
capital accounts, approval from the SAFE is required for the retention or sale of such proceeds to
a financial institution engaged in settlement and sale of foreign exchange.


Pursuant to the Circular of the SAFE on Further Improving and Adjusting Foreign Exchange
Administration Policies for Direct Investment , or the SAFE Circular No. 59, promulgated by SAFE
on November 19, 2012, which took effect on December 17, 2012 and latest amended on December
30, 2019, approval of SAFE is not required for opening a foreign exchange account and depositing
foreign exchange into the accounts relating to the direct investments. The SAFE Circular No. 59
also simplified foreign exchange-related registration required for the foreign investors to acquire
the equity interests of Chinese companies and further improve the administration on foreign
exchange settlement for foreign-invested enterprises.


The Circular on Further Simplifying and Improving the Foreign Currency Management Policy on
Direct Investment , or the SAFE Circular No. 13, effective from June 1, 2015 and latest amended
on December 30, 2019, cancels the administrative approvals of foreign exchange registration of
direct domestic investment and direct overseas investment and simplifies the procedure of foreign
exchange-related registration. Pursuant to SAFE Circular No. 13, the investors shall register with
banks for direct domestic investment and direct overseas investment.




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2024     175
      PART I


                 The Circular on Reforming the Management Approach regarding the Settlement of Foreign Capital
                 of Foreign-invested Enterprise , or the SAFE Circular No. 19, which was promulgated by the SAFE
                 on March 30, 2015 and latest amended on March 23, 2023, provides that a foreign-invested
                 enterprise may, according to its actual business needs, settle with a bank the portion of the
                 foreign exchange capital in its capital account for which the foreign exchange administration has
                 confirmed monetary capital contribution rights and interests (or for which the bank has registered
                 the injection of the monetary capital contribution into the account). Pursuant to SAFE Circular
                 No. 19, for the time being, foreign-invested enterprises are allowed to settle 100% of their foreign
                 exchange capital on a discretionary basis; a foreign-invested enterprise shall truthfully use its
                 capital for its own operational purposes within the scope of business; where an ordinary foreign-
                 invested enterprise makes domestic equity investment with the amount of foreign exchanges
                 settled, the foreign-invested enterprise must first go through domestic reinvestment registration
                 and open a corresponding account for foreign exchange settlement pending payment with the
                 foreign exchange administration or the bank at the place where it is registered.


                 The Circular on Reforming and Regulating Policies on the Control over Foreign Exchange
                 Settlement of Capital Accounts , or the SAFE Circular No. 16, which was promulgated by the
                 SAFE and took effect on June 9, 2016, and latest amended on December 4, 2023, provides that
                 enterprises registered in the PRC may also convert their foreign debts from foreign currency into
                 Renminbi at their own discretion. SAFE Circular No. 16 also provides an integrated standard for
                 conversion of foreign exchange under capital account items (including, but not limited to, foreign
                 currency capital and foreign debts) on a basis of self-discretion, which applies to all enterprises
                 registered in the PRC.


                 According to the PRC Market Entities Registration Administrative Regulations promulgated by the
                 State Council on July 27, 2021 and effective on March 1, 2022, and other laws and regulations
                 governing the foreign-invested enterprises and company registrations, the establishment of
                 a foreign-invested enterprise and any capital increase and other major changes in a foreign-
                 invested enterprise shall be registered with the State Administration for Market Regulation or its
                 local counterparts, and shall be filed via the foreign investment comprehensive administrative
                 system, if such foreign-invested enterprise does not involve special access administrative
                 measures prescribed by the PRC government.


                 On October 23, 2019, the SAFE issued the Circular on Further Promoting Cross-border Trade
                 and Investment Facilitation . This circular allows the foreign-invested enterprises without equity
                 investment as in their approved business scope to use their capital obtained from foreign
                 exchange settlement to make domestic equity investment if the investments are real and in
                 compliance with the foreign investment-related laws and regulations. In addition, this circular
                 stipulates that qualified enterprises in certain pilot areas may use their capital income from
                 registered capital, foreign debt and overseas listing, for the purpose of domestic payments
                 without providing authenticity certifications to the banks in advance for those domestic payments.
                 Payments for transactions that take place within the PRC must be made in RMB. Foreign currency
                 revenues received by PRC companies may be repatriated into the PRC or retained outside of the
                 PRC in accordance with requirements and terms specified by SAFE.




176   NIO Inc.
                                                                                           PART I


Pursuant to SAFE Circular No. 13 and other laws and regulations relating to foreign exchange,
when setting up a new foreign-invested enterprise, the foreign-invested enterprise shall register
with the bank located at its registered place after obtaining the business license, and if there is
any change in capital or other changes relating to the basic information of the foreign-invested
enterprise, including, without limitation, any increase in its registered capital or total investment,
the foreign-invested enterprise must register such changes with the bank located at its registered
place after obtaining approval from or completing the filing with competent authorities. Pursuant
to the foreign exchange laws and regulations, the above-mentioned foreign exchange registration
with the banks will typically take less than four weeks upon the acceptance of the registration
application.


On December 4, 2023, the SAFE issued the Circular on Further Deepening the Reform to Facilitate
Cross-border Trade and Investment . This circular relaxes restrictions on the scale of preliminary
expenses for overseas direct investment, facilitates the payment and use of funds from equity
transfer under domestic reinvestment and funds raised from overseas listing of foreign direct
investment, improves the administration of the negative list for the use of revenue under the
capital account, and cancels the approval for the opening of foreign debt accounts at different
locations.


Based on the foregoing, if we intend to provide funding to our wholly foreign-owned subsidiaries
through capital injection at or after their establishment, we must register the establishment
of and any follow-on capital increase in our wholly foreign-owned subsidiaries with the State
Administration for Market Regulation or its local counterparts, file such via the foreign investment
comprehensive administrative system and register such with the local banks for the foreign
exchange related matters.


Loans by the Foreign Companies to their PRC Subsidiaries

A loan made by foreign investors as shareholders in a foreign-invested enterprise is considered to
be foreign debt in China and is regulated by various laws and regulations, including the Regulation
of the PRC on Foreign Exchange Administration , the Interim Provisions on the Management of
Foreign Debts , the Statistical Monitoring of Foreign Debts Tentative Provisions (Revised in 2020) ,
the Administrative Measures for Registration of Foreign Debts , and the Administrative Measures
for Examination and Registration of Medium and Long-term Foreign Debts of Enterprises . Under
these rules and regulations, a shareholder loan in the form of foreign debt made to a PRC entity
does not require the prior approval of the SAFE. However, such foreign debt must be registered
with and recorded by the SAFE or its local branches within fifteen (15) business days after
entering into the foreign debt contract. Pursuant to these rules and regulations, the balance of the
foreign debts of a foreign-invested enterprise shall not exceed the difference between the total
investment and the registered capital of the foreign-invested enterprise, or the Total Investment
and Registered Capital Balance.




                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024      177
      PART I


                 On January 12, 2017, the People’s Bank of China promulgated the Notice of the People’s Bank of
                 China on Matters concerning the Macro-Prudential Management of Full-Covered Cross-Border
                 Financing, or the PBOC Notice No. 9. Pursuant to PBOC Notice No. 9, within a transition period of
                 one year from January 12, 2017, the foreign-invested enterprises may adopt the currently valid
                 foreign debt management mechanism, or the mechanism as provided in PBOC Notice No. 9, at
                 their own discretions. PBOC Notice No. 9 provides that enterprises may conduct independent
                 cross-border financing in RMB or foreign currencies as required. Pursuant to PBOC Notice No. 9,
                 the outstanding cross-border financing of an enterprise (the outstanding balance drawn, here and
                 below) shall be calculated using a risk-weighted approach, and shall not exceed certain specified
                 upper limits. PBOC Notice No. 9 further provides that the upper limit of risk-weighted outstanding
                 cross-border financing for enterprises shall be equal to 200% of its net assets multiplied by
                 macro-prudential regulation parameter, or the Net Asset Limits. The macro-prudential regulation
                 parameter shall be 1. Enterprises shall file with the SAFE in its capital item information system
                 after entering into the cross-border financing contracts and prior to three business days before
                 drawing any money from the foreign debts. On July 20, 2023, the People’s Bank of China and the
                 SAFE raised the macro-prudential regulation parameter for cross-border financing of enterprises
                 and financial institutions from 1.25 to 1.5.


                 Based on the foregoing, if we provide funding to our wholly foreign-owned subsidiaries through
                 shareholder loans, the balance of such loans shall not exceed the Total Investment and Registered
                 Capital Balance and we will need to register such loans with the SAFE or its local branches in the
                 event that the currently valid foreign debt management mechanism applies, or the balance of
                 such loans shall be subject to the risk-weighted approach and the Net Asset Limits and we will
                 need to file the loans with the SAFE in its information system in the event that the mechanism as
                 provided in PBOC Notice No. 9 applies. According to PBOC Notice No. 9, after a transition period
                 of one year from January 12, 2017, the People’s Bank of China and the SAFE will determine the
                 cross-border financing administration mechanism for the foreign-invested enterprises after
                 evaluating the overall implementation of PBOC Notice No. 9. As of the date of this annual report,
                 neither the People’s Bank of China nor the SAFE has promulgated and made public any further
                 rules, regulations, notices or circulars in this regard. It is uncertain which mechanism will be
                 adopted by the People’s Bank of China and the SAFE in the future and what statutory limits will be
                 imposed on us when providing loans to our PRC subsidiaries.




178   NIO Inc.
                                                                                          PART I


Offshore Investment

Under the Circular of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange on Issues Concerning the
Foreign Exchange Administration over the Overseas Investment and Financing and Round-trip
Investment by Domestic Residents via Special Purpose Vehicles, or the SAFE Circular 37, issued
by the SAFE and effective on July 4, 2014, PRC residents are required to register with the local
SAFE branch prior to the establishment or control of an offshore special purpose vehicle, which
is defined as an offshore enterprise directly established or indirectly controlled by PRC residents
for investment and financing purposes, with the enterprise assets or interests PRC residents hold
in China or overseas. The term “control” means to obtain the operation rights, right to proceeds or
decision-making power of an SPY through acquisition, trust, holding shares on behalf of others,
voting rights, repurchase, convertible bonds or other means. An amendment to registration or
subsequent filing with the local SAFE branch by such PRC resident is also required if there is any
change in basic information of the offshore company or any material change with respect to the
capital of the offshore company. At the same time, the SAFE has issued the Operation Guidance
for the Issues Concerning Foreign Exchange Administration over Round-trip Investment regarding
the procedures for SAFE registration under SAFE Circular 37, which took effect on July 4, 2014 as
an attachment of SAFE Circular 37.


Under these rules, failure to comply with the registration procedures set forth in the SAFE Circular
37 may result in bans on the foreign exchange activities of the onshore company, including the
payment of dividends and other distributions to its offshore parent or affiliates, and may also
subject PRC residents to penalties under PRC foreign exchange administration regulations.


Regulations on Dividend Distribution

Wholly foreign-owned enterprises and Sino-foreign equity joint ventures in the PRC may pay
dividends only out of their accumulated profits, if any, as determined in accordance with PRC
accounting standards and regulations. Additionally, these foreign-invested enterprises may not
pay dividends unless they set aside at least 10% of their respective accumulated profits after tax
each year, if any, to fund certain reserve funds, until such time as the accumulative amount of
such fund reaches 50% of the enterprise’s registered capital. In addition, these companies also
may allocate a portion of their after-tax profits based on PRC accounting standards to employee
welfare and bonus funds at their discretion. These reserves are not distributable as cash
dividends.


Regulations governing abovementioned dividend distribution arrangements have been replaced
by the Foreign Investment Law and its implementation rules, which do not provide specific
dividend distribution rules for foreign invested enterprises. The Foreign Investment Law and
its implementation rules also provide that after the conversion from a wholly foreign-owned
enterprise or sino-foreign equity joint venture to a foreign invested enterprise under the Foreign
Investment Law, distribution method of gains agreed in the joint venture agreements may continue
to apply.




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2024      179
      PART I


                 Regulations on Taxation

                 Enterprise Income Tax

                 On March 16, 2007, the Standing Committee of the National People’s Congress of China
                 promulgated the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law which was amended on February 24, 2017 and
                 December 29, 2018 and on December 6, 2007, the State Council enacted the Regulations for
                 the Implementation of the Enterprise Income Tax Law which took effect on January 1, 2008 and
                 was amended on April 23, 2019. Under the Enterprise Income Tax Law, both resident enterprises
                 and non-resident enterprises are subject to tax in the PRC. Resident enterprises are defined as
                 enterprises that are established in China in accordance with PRC laws, or that are established
                 in accordance with the laws of foreign countries but are actually or in effect controlled from
                 within the PRC. Non-resident enterprises are defined as enterprises that are organized under
                 the laws of foreign countries and whose actual management is conducted outside the PRC, but
                 have established institutions or premises in the PRC, or have no such established institutions or
                 premises but have income generated from inside the PRC. Under the Enterprise Income Tax Law
                 and implementation regulations, a uniform corporate income tax rate of 25% is applied. However,
                 if non-resident enterprises have not formed permanent establishments or premises in the PRC,
                 or if they have formed permanent establishment or premises in the PRC but there is no actual
                 relationship between the income derived in the PRC and the established institutions or premises
                 set up by them, enterprise income tax is set at the rate of 10% with respect to their income
                 sourced from inside the PRC.


                 In addition, an enterprise certified as a high and new technology enterprise enjoys a reduced
                 enterprise income tax rate of 15%. According to the Administrative Measures for the Certification
                 of High-Tech Enterprises amended in January 2016, the provincial counterparts of the Ministry
                 of Science and Technology, the Ministry of Finance and the State Taxation Administration jointly
                 determine whether an enterprise is a High-Tech Enterprise considering the ownership of core
                 technology, whether the main technologies underlying the key products or services fall within
                 the officially supported high-tech fields, the proportion of research and development personnel
                 of the total staff, the proportion of research and development expenditure of total revenue, the
                 proportion of high-tech products or services of total revenue, and other factors prescribed.




180   NIO Inc.
                                                                                         PART I


Value-added Tax

The Provisional Regulations of the PRC on Value-added Tax were promulgated by the State Council
on December 13, 1993, took effect on January 1, 1994 and were subsequently amended from time
to time; and the Detailed Rules for the Implementation of the Provisional Regulations of the PRC
on Value-added Tax (Revised in 2011) were promulgated by the Ministry of Finance on December
25, 1993 and subsequently amended on December 15, 2008 and October 28, 2011, or collectively
the VAT Law. On November 19, 2017, the State Council promulgated the Decisions on Abolishing
the Provisional Regulations of the PRC on Business Tax and Amending the Provisional Regulations
of the PRC on Value-added Tax . On March 20, 2019, the Ministry of Finance, the State Taxation
Administration and the General Administration of Customs jointly issued the Announcement on
Relevant Policies on Deepen the Reform of Value-added Tax . According to the VAT Law and the
Decisions on Abolishing the Provisional Regulations of the PRC on Business Tax and Amending the
Provisional Regulations of the PRC on Value-added Tax , all enterprises and individuals engaged in
the sale of goods, the provision of processing, repair and replacement services, sales of services,
intangible assets, real property and the importation of goods within the territory of the PRC are
the taxpayers of value-added tax. According to the Announcement on Relevant Policies on Deepen
the Reform of Value-added Tax , the value-added tax rates generally applicable are simplified as
13%, 9%, 6% and 0%, which took effect on April 1, 2019, and the value-added tax rate applicable
to the small-scale taxpayers is 3%.


Dividend Withholding Tax

The Enterprise Income Tax Law provides that since January 1, 2008, an income tax rate of 10%
will normally be applicable to dividends declared to non-PRC resident investors that do not have
an establishment or place of business in the PRC, or that have such establishment or place of
business but the income is not effectively connected with the establishment or place of business,
to the extent such dividends are derived from sources within the PRC.


Pursuant to the Arrangement Between the Mainland of China and the Hong Kong Special
Administrative Region for the Avoidance of Double Taxation and the Prevention of Fiscal Evasion
with Respect to Taxes on Income and Capital, and other applicable PRC laws, if a Hong Kong
resident enterprise is determined by the competent PRC tax authority to have satisfied the
conditions and requirements under such arrangement and other applicable laws, the 10%
withholding tax on the dividends the Hong Kong resident enterprise receives from a PRC resident
enterprise may be reduced to 5%. However, based on the Circular on Certain Issues with Respect
to the Enforcement of Dividend Provisions in Tax Treaties, or Circular 81, issued on February
20, 2009 by the State Taxation Administration, if the PRC tax authorities determine, in their
discretions, that a company benefits from such reduced income tax rate due to a structure or
arrangement that is primarily tax-driven, such PRC tax authorities may adjust the preferential
tax treatment. According to the Circular on Several Questions regarding the “Beneficial Owner”
in Tax Treaties, which was issued on February 3, 2018 by the State Taxation Administration and
took effect on April 1, 2018, when determining the applicant’s status as the “beneficial owner”
regarding tax treatments in connection with dividends, interests or royalties in the tax treaties,
several factors, including, without limitation, whether the applicant is obligated to pay more than




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2024     181
      PART I


                 50% of his or her income in twelve months to residents in third country or region, whether the
                 business operated by the applicant constitutes the actual business activities, and whether the
                 counterparty country or region to the tax treaties does not levy any tax or grant any tax exemption
                 on incomes or levy tax at an extremely low rate, will be taken into account, and such factors will
                 be analyzed according to the actual circumstances of the specific cases. This circular further
                 provides that an applicant who intends to prove his or her status as the “beneficial owner” shall
                 submit the documents to the tax bureau according to the Announcement on Issuing the Measures
                 for the Administration of Non-Resident Taxpayers’ Enjoyment of the Treatment under Agreements.


                 Tax on Indirect Transfer

                 On February 3, 2015, the State Taxation Administration issued the Circular on Issues of
                 Enterprise Income Tax on Indirect Transfers of Assets by Non-PRC Resident Enterprises , or the
                 Circular 7, which was latest amended on December 29, 2017. Pursuant to Circular 7, an “indirect
                 transfer” of assets, including equity interests in a PRC resident enterprise, by non-PRC resident
                 enterprises, may be recharacterized and treated as a direct transfer of PRC taxable assets, if
                 such arrangement does not have a reasonable commercial purpose and was established for the
                 purpose of avoiding payment of PRC enterprise income tax. As a result, gains derived from such
                 indirect transfer may be subject to PRC enterprise income tax. When determining whether there
                 is a “reasonable commercial purpose” of the transaction arrangement, features to be taken into
                 consideration include, inter alia, whether the main value of the equity interest of the offshore
                 enterprise derives directly or indirectly from PRC taxable assets; whether the assets of the
                 offshore enterprise mainly consists of direct or indirect investment in China or if its income is
                 mainly derived from China; and whether the offshore enterprise and its subsidiaries directly or
                 indirectly holding PRC taxable assets have a real commercial nature which is evidenced by their
                 actual function and risk exposure. According to Circular 7, where the payer fails to withhold any
                 or sufficient tax, the transferor shall declare and pay such tax to the tax authority by itself within
                 the statutory time limit. Circular 7 does not apply to transactions of sale of shares by investors
                 through a public stock exchange where such shares were acquired on a public stock exchange.
                 On October 17, 2017, the State Taxation Administration issued the Circular on Issues of Tax
                 Withholding regarding Non-PRC Resident Enterprise Income Tax , or the Circular 37, which was
                 amended by the Announcement of the State Taxation Administration on Revising Certain Taxation
                 Normative Documents issued on June 15, 2018 by the State Taxation Administration. The Circular
                 37 further elaborates the implemental rules regarding the calculation, reporting and payment
                 obligations of the withholding tax by the non-resident enterprises. Nonetheless, there remain
                 uncertainties as to the interpretation and application of Circular 7. Circular 7 may be determined
                 by the tax authorities to be applicable to our offshore transactions or sale of our shares or those
                 of our offshore subsidiaries where nonresident enterprises, being the transferors, were involved.




182   NIO Inc.
                                                                                            PART I


Regulations on Employment and Social Welfare

Labor Contract Law

The Labor Contract Law of the PRC which was promulgated on June 29, 2007 and amended
on December 28, 2012, is primarily aimed at regulating rights and obligations of employer and
employee relationships, including the establishment, performance and termination of labor
contracts. Pursuant to the Labor Contract Law, labor contracts shall be concluded in writing
if labor relationships are to be or have been established between employers and employees.
Employers are prohibited from forcing employees to work above certain time limits and employers
shall pay employees for overtime work in accordance with national regulations. In addition,
employee wages shall be no lower than local standards on minimum wages and must be paid to
employees in a timely manner.


Interim Provisions on Labor Dispatch

Pursuant to the Interim Provisions on Labor Dispatch promulgated by the Ministry of Human
Resources and Social Security on January 24, 2014, which took effect on March 1, 2014,
dispatched workers are entitled to equal pay with full-time employees for equal work. Employers
are allowed to use dispatched workers for temporary, auxiliary or substitutive positions, and the
number of dispatched workers may not exceed 10% of the total number of employees. Pursuant
to the Labor Contract Law, if the employer violates the labor dispatch regulations, the labor
administrative department shall order it to make corrections within a prescribed time limit; if
it fails to make corrections within the time limit, a fine of more than RMB5,000 but less than
RMB10,000 per person will be imposed on the employer.


Social Insurance and Housing Fund

As required under the Regulation of Insurance for Labor Injury implemented on January 1,
2004 and amended in 2010, the Provisional Measures for Maternity Insurance of Employees of
Corporations implemented on January 1, 1995, the Decisions on the Establishment of a Unified
Program for Old-Aged Pension Insurance of the State Council issued on July 16, 1997, the
Decisions on the Establishment of the Medical Insurance Program for Urban Workers of the State
Council promulgated on December 14, 1998, the Unemployment Insurance Measures promulgated
on January 22, 1999 and the Social Insurance Law of the PRC implemented on July 1, 2011 and
amended on December 29, 2018, employers are required to provide their employees in the PRC
with welfare benefits covering pension insurance, unemployment insurance, maternity insurance,
work-related injury insurance and medical insurance. These payments are made to local
administrative authorities. Any employer that fails to make social insurance contributions may
be ordered to rectify the non-compliance and pay the required contributions within a prescribed
time limit and be subject to a late fee. If the employer still fails to rectify the failure to make the
contributions within the prescribed time, it may be subject to a fine ranging from one to three
times the amount overdue.




                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024      183
      PART I


                 In accordance with the Regulations on the Administration of Housing Funds which were
                 promulgated by the State Council in 1999 and latest amended in March 2019, employers must
                 register at the designated administrative centers and open bank accounts for depositing
                 employees’ housing funds. Employer and employee are also required to pay and deposit housing
                 funds, with an amount no less than 5% of the monthly average salary of the employee in the
                 preceding year in full and on time. See “Item 3. Key Information – D. Risk Factors – Risks Related
                 to Doing Business in China – Increases in labor costs and enforcement of stricter labor laws and
                 regulations in the PRC may adversely affect our business and our profitability.”


                 Employee Stock Incentive Plan

                 Pursuant to the Notice of Issues Related to the Foreign Exchange Administration for Domestic
                 Individuals Participating in Stock Incentive Plan of Overseas Listed Company, which was issued by
                 the SAFE on February 15, 2012, employees, directors, supervisors, and other senior management
                 who participate in any stock incentive plan of a publicly-listed overseas company and who are PRC
                 citizens or non-PRC citizens residing in China for a continuous period of no less than one year,
                 subject to a few exceptions, are required to register with the SAFE through a qualified domestic
                 agent, which may be a PRC subsidiary of such overseas listed company, and complete certain
                 other procedures.


                 In addition, the State Taxation Administration has issued certain circulars concerning employee
                 stock options and restricted shares. Under these circulars, employees working in the PRC who
                 exercise stock options or are granted restricted shares will be subject to PRC individual income
                 tax. The PRC subsidiaries of an overseas listed company are required to file documents related
                 to employee stock options and restricted shares with tax authorities and to withhold individual
                 income taxes of employees who exercise their stock options or purchase restricted shares. If the
                 employees fail to pay or the PRC subsidiaries fail to withhold income tax in accordance with laws
                 and regulations, the PRC subsidiaries may face sanctions imposed by the tax authorities or other
                 PRC governmental authorities.


                 M&A Rules and Overseas Listing

                 On August 8, 2006, six PRC governmental and regulatory agencies, including the Ministry of
                 Commerce and the CSRC, promulgated the Regulations on Mergers and Acquisitions of Domestic
                 Enterprises by Foreign Investors , governing the mergers and acquisitions of domestic enterprises
                 by foreign investors that took effect on September 8, 2006 and was revised on June 22, 2009.
                 These rules, among other things, require that if an overseas company established or controlled
                 by PRC companies or individuals, intends to acquire equity interests or assets of any other PRC
                 domestic company affiliated with the PRC companies or individuals, such acquisition must be
                 submitted to the Ministry of Commerce for approval. These rules also require that an offshore
                 special vehicle, or a special purpose vehicle formed for overseas listing purposes and controlled
                 directly or indirectly by the PRC companies or individuals, shall obtain the approval of the CSRC
                 prior to overseas listing and trading of such special purpose vehicle’s securities on an overseas
                 stock exchange.




184   NIO Inc.
                                                                                           PART I


On February 17, 2023, the CSRC released the Trial Administrative Measures of Overseas Securities
Offering and Listing by Domestic Companies and five supporting guidelines, which took effect on
March 31, 2023. Further, on May 16, 2023 and May 6, 2024, the CSRC released the sixth and the
seventh supporting guideline. According to these rules, the issuer or a major domestic operating
company designated by the issuer, as the case may be, shall file with the CSRC, among other
things, (i) with respect to its follow-on offering in the same foreign market within three business
days after completion of the follow-on offering, and (ii) with respect to its follow-on offering and
listing in other foreign markets within three business days, after its initial filing of the listing
application to the regulator in the place of such intended listing. Non-compliance with these rules
or an overseas listing completed in breach of these rules may result in a warning on the domestic
companies and a fine of RMB1 million to RMB10 million on them. Furthermore, the supervisors
directly responsible and other directly responsible persons of the domestic enterprises may be
warned, and fined between RMB500,000 to RMB5,000,000. The controlling shareholders or actual
controllers of the domestic company organize or instigate the illegal acts, or conceal matters
resulting in the illegal acts, may be fined between RMB1 million to RMB10 million. On February
17, 2023, the CSRC issued the Notice on Administrative Arrangements for the Filing of Domestic
Enterprise’s Overseas Offering and Listing , which stipulates the domestic enterprises have
completed overseas listings are not required to file with CSRC in accordance with these rules
immediately, but shall carry out filing procedures as required if they conduct refinancing or fall
within other circumstances that require filing with the CSRC.


On February 24, 2023, the CSRC and several other administrations jointly released the Provisions
on Strengthening Confidentiality and Archives Administration of Overseas Securities Offering
and Listing by Domestic Companies, which took effect on March 31, 2023. These rules apply to
both overseas direct offerings and overseas indirect offerings. These rules provide that, among
other things, (i) in relation to the overseas listing activities of domestic enterprises, the domestic
enterprises are required to strictly comply with the requirements on confidentiality and archives
management, establish a sound confidentiality and archives system, and take necessary
measures to implement their confidentiality and archives management responsibilities; (ii) during
the course of an overseas offering and listing, if a domestic enterprise needs to publicly disclose
or provide to securities companies, accounting firms or other securities service providers and
overseas regulators, any materials that contain state secrets or that have a sensitive impact (i.e.,
be detrimental to national security or the public interest if divulged), the domestic enterprise
should complete the approval/filing and other regulatory procedures; and (iii) working papers
produced in the PRC by securities companies and securities service institutions, which provide
domestic enterprises with securities services during their overseas issuance and listing, should
be stored in the PRC, and the transmission of all such working papers to recipients outside of the
PRC is required to be approved by competent authorities of the PRC.




                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024      185
      PART I


                 C. Organizational Structure

                       The following diagram illustrates our corporate structure, including our principal subsidiaries and
                       the VIEs, as of the date of this annual report:


                                                                                                                        NIO Inc.
                                                                                                                       (Cayman)




                                        96.970%                                          100%                                                     100%                      100%                100%                    100%


                              NIO AI Technology                                                                                           NIO User                NIO Power                                     NEU Battery
                                                                              Nio Nextev Limited                                                                                          XPT Limited
                                   Limited                                       (Hong Kong)                                         Enterprise Limited         Express Limited                                Asset Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                                                          (Hong Kong)
                                  (Cayman)                                                                                              (Hong Kong)               (Hong Kong)                                    (Cayman)


                                       100%                                   100%                    100%                        100%                                                                                  100%


                                                                                                                        New Horizon                                                                           NEU Battery Asset
                                                                        NIO GmbH              NIO USA, Inc.
                             NIO AI Technology                                                                               B.V.                                                                          (Hong Kong) Co., Limited
                                                                        (Germany)            (United States)
                                  Limited                                                                               (Netherlands)                                                                           (Hong Kong)
                               (Hong Kong)
                                                                                                                                  100%
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        100%
                                                                                                                         NIO Nextev
                                                                                                                                                                                                             NIO Battery Assets
                                       100%                                                                            Europe Holding
                                                                                                                                                                                                                Europe B.V.
                                                                                                                             B.V.
                                                                                                                                                                                                               (Netherlands)
                 Offshore                                                                                               (Netherlands)


                 Onshore                                                                 69.2946%                                   18.8219%                    0.8994%




                                                                                                                      NIO Holding Co., Ltd.




                                                              25%               100%               100%                    100%                    100%                   90.9073%              100%


                                Anhui NIO                                                                              NIO
                            Autonomous Driving                  75%                                                Technology             NIO Sales and            NIO Energy             XPT (Jiangsu)
                                                                         NIO Co., Ltd.       NIO (Anhui)
                                Technology                                                                           (Anhui)             Services Co., Ltd.        Investment            Investment Co.,
                                                                                              Co., Ltd.
                                 CO., Ltd.                                                                          Co., Ltd.                                    (Hubei) Co., Ltd.             Ltd.




                                                                                                      Anhui NIO                                                           100%                  100%
                                                                                                        Data
                                                                                                    Technology Co.,
                                                                                                         Ltd.
                                                                             Beijing NIO                                                                                                 XPT (Jiangsu)
                            Anhui NIO AI                                                                                                                           Wuhan NIO
                                                     NIO Financial            Network                          100%                                                                       Automotive
                            Technology                                                                                                                           Energy Co., Ltd.
                                                    Leasing Co., Ltd.      Technology Co.,                                                                                                Technology
                              Co., Ltd.
                                                                                 Ltd.                                                                                                      Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                    NIO Insurance
                                                                                                    Broker Co., Ltd.


                                                                                                                             100%                             100%                       100%



                                                                                                                 XPT (Nanjing) E-                   XPT (Nanjing)
                                  Equity interest                                                                                                                                Shanghai XPT
                                                                                                               Powertrain Technology               Energy Storage
                                                                                                                                                                               Technology Limited
                                                                                                                     Co., Ltd.                     System Co., Ltd.
                                  Contractual arrangements




186   NIO Inc.
                                                                                         PART I


Contractual Agreements with the VIEs and Their Shareholders

In April 2018, we entered into a series of contractual arrangements through one of our PRC
subsidiaries with Beijing NIO and its shareholders, which was then replaced by a new set of
contractual arrangements we entered into with the same parties in April 2021. Further, on
November 30, 2022 and December 12, 2022, we entered into a series of contractual agreements
through our respective PRC subsidiaries with each of Anhui NIO AT and Anhui NIO DT, respectively,
and their respective shareholders.


The following is a summary of the contractual agreements by and among Shanghai NIO, Beijing
NIO and the shareholders of Beijing NIO. The terms of the contractual agreements with the same
title between (i) Anhui NIO AD, Anhui NIO AT and the shareholders of Anhui NIO AT, and (ii) NIO
China, Anhui NIO DT and the shareholders of Anhui NIO DT are substantially the same as those
described below, except for, among other things, the amount of the loans to the shareholders of
each VIE and the amount of service fees to be paid. We believe that the shareholders of all the
VIEs will not receive any personal benefits from these agreements except as shareholders of our
company.


Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement between Shanghai NIO and Beijing NIO

Under the exclusive business cooperation agreement dated April 12, 2021, between Shanghai NIO
and Beijing NIO, in exchange for a monthly service fee, Beijing NIO agreed to engage the Shanghai
NIO as its exclusive provider of technical support, consultation and other services.


Under the agreement, the service fee shall consist of 100% of the total consolidated profit
of Beijing NIO, after the deduction of any accumulated deficit of Beijing NIO in respect of the
preceding financial year(s), operating costs, expenses, taxes and other statutory contributions.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, Shanghai NIO may adjust the scope and amount of services
fees according to mainland China tax law and tax practices, and Beijing NIO will accept such
adjustments. Shanghai NIO shall calculate the service fee on a monthly basis and issue a
corresponding invoice to Beijing NIO. Notwithstanding the payment arrangements in the
agreement, Shanghai NIO may adjust the payment time and payment method, and Beijing NIO will
accept any such adjustment.


In addition, absent the prior written consent of Shanghai NIO, during the term of the agreement,
with respect to the services subject to the agreement and other matters, Beijing NIO shall not
directly or indirectly accept the same or any similar services provided by any third party and
shall not establish cooperation relationships similar to that formed by the agreement with any
third party. Shanghai NIO may appoint other parties, who may enter into certain agreements with
Beijing NIO, to provide Beijing NIO with the services under the agreement.




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2024   187
      PART I


                 The agreement also provides that Shanghai NIO has the exclusive proprietary rights to and
                 interests in any and all intellectual property rights developed or created by Beijing NIO during the
                 performance of the agreement.


                 The agreement shall remain effective unless terminated (a) in accordance with the provisions of
                 the agreement; (b) in writing by the Shanghai NIO; or (c) renewal of the expired business period
                 of either Shanghai NIO or Beijing NIO is denied by government authorities, at which time the
                 agreement will terminate upon termination of that business period.


                 Exclusive Option Agreements between Shanghai NIO, Registered Shareholders and Beijing NIO

                 The exclusive option agreement, dated April 12, 2021, was executed among Shanghai NIO, Beijing
                 NIO and the shareholders of Beijing NIO, namely Mr. Bin Li and Mr. Lihong Qin. We refer to Mr. Li
                 and Mr. Qin as the Registered Shareholders. Under the exclusive option agreement, Shanghai NIO
                 has the rights to require the Registered Shareholders to transfer any or all their equity interests
                 in Beijing NIO to Shanghai NIO and/or a third party designated by it, in whole or in part at any time
                 and from time to time, for considerations equivalent to the respectively outstanding loans owed
                 to the Registered Shareholders (or part of the loan amounts in proportion to the equity interests
                 being transferred) or, if applicable, for a nominal price, unless the government authorities or the
                 mainland China laws request that another amount be used as the purchase price, in which case
                 the purchase price shall be the lowest amount under such request.


                 Beijing NIO and the Registered Shareholders, and Registered Shareholders, separately, have
                 made a series of covenants and undertakings to ensure that Shanghai NIO retains control over all
                 material respects of the operation and governance of Beijing NIO.


                 The Registered Shareholders have also undertaken that, subject to the laws and regulations,
                 they will return to Shanghai NIO any consideration they receive in the event that Shanghai NIO
                 exercises the options under the exclusive option agreement to acquire the equity interests in
                 Beijing NIO.


                 The exclusive option agreement shall remain effective unless terminated in the event that the
                 entire equity interests held by the Registered Shareholders in Beijing NIO have been transferred to
                 Shanghai NIO or its appointee(s).




188   NIO Inc.
                                                                                           PART I


Equity Pledge Agreements between Shanghai NIO, Registered Shareholders and Beijing NIO

Under the equity pledge agreement dated April 12, 2021, entered into between Shanghai NIO, the
Registered Shareholders and Beijing NIO, the Registered Shareholders agreed to pledge all their
respective equity interests in Beijing NIO that they own, including any interest or dividend paid for
the shares, to Shanghai NIO as a security interest to guarantee the performance of contractual
obligations and the payment of outstanding debts.


The pledge in respect of Beijing NIO takes effect upon the completion of registration with the
administration for industry and commerce and shall remain valid until after all the contractual
obligations of the Registered Shareholders and Beijing NIO under the contractual arrangements
have been fully performed and all the outstanding debts of the Registered Shareholders and
Beijing NIO under the contractual arrangements have been fully paid.


Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an event of default (as defined in the equity
pledge agreements), Shanghai NIO shall have the right to require Beijing NIO’s shareholders (i.e.,
the Registered Shareholders) to immediately pay any amount payable by Beijing NIO under the
Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement, repay any loans and pay any other due payments,
and Shanghai NIO shall have the right to exercise all such rights as a secured party under any
applicable mainland China law and the equity pledge agreements, including without limitations,
being paid in priority with the equity interests based on the monetary valuation that such equity
interests are converted into or from the proceeds from auction or sale of the equity interest upon
written notice to the Registered Shareholders.


The registration of the equity pledge agreement as required by the laws and regulations has been
completed in accordance with the terms of the equity pledge agreements and the PRC laws and
regulations.


Power of Attorney by Registered Shareholders

The Registered Shareholders have executed powers of attorney dated April 12, 2021. Under the
powers of attorney, the Registered Shareholders irrevocably appointed Shanghai NIO and their
designated persons (including but not limited to directors and their successors and liquidators
replacing the directors but excluding those non-independent or who may give rise to conflict of
interests) as their attorneys-in-fact to exercise on their behalf, and agreed and undertook not to
exercise without such attorneys-in-fact’s prior written consent, any and all right that they have in
respect of their equity interests in Beijing NIO, including without limitation:


(i) to convene and attend shareholders’ meetings of Beijing NIO;


(ii) to file documents with the companies registry;




                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024    189
      PART I


                 (iii) to exercise all shareholder’s rights and shareholder’s voting rights in accordance with law and
                    the constitutional documents of Beijing NIO, including but not limited to the sale, transfer,
                    pledge or disposal of any or all of the equity interests in Beijing NIO;


                 (iv) to execute any and all written resolutions and meeting minutes and to approve the
                    amendments to the articles of associations in the name and on behalf of such shareholder;
                    and


                 (v) to nominate, appoint or remove the legal representatives, directors, supervisors, general
                    manager and other senior management of Beijing NIO.


                 Further, the powers of attorney shall remain effective for so long as each shareholder holds an
                 equity interest in Beijing NIO.


                 Loan Agreements between Shanghai NIO and Registered Shareholders

                 Shanghai NIO and the Registered Shareholders entered into a loan agreement dated April 12,
                 2021, pursuant to which Shanghai NIO agreed to provide loans to the Registered Shareholders,
                 to be used exclusively as investment in Beijing NIO. The loans must not be used for any other
                 purposes without the lender’s prior written consent.


                 The term of each loan commences from the date of the agreement and ends on the date the lender
                 exercises its exclusive call option under the Exclusive Option Agreement, or when certain defined
                 termination events occur, such as if the lender sends a written notice demanding repayment to
                 the borrower, or upon the default of the borrower, whichever is earlier.


                 After the lender exercises his exclusive call option, the borrower may repay the loan by
                 transferring all of its equity interest in Beijing NIO to the lender, or a person or entity nominated
                 by the lender, and use the proceeds of such transfer as repayment of the loan. If the proceeds of
                 such transfer are equal to or less than the principal of the loan under the Loan Agreement, the
                 loan is considered interest-free. If the proceeds of such transfer are higher than the principal of
                 the loan under the Loan Agreement, any surplus is considered interest for the loan under the Loan
                 Agreement.


                 In the opinion of Han Kun Law Offices, our PRC legal counsel:


                 (i) each of the agreements comprising the contractual arrangements is legal, valid and binding on
                    the parties thereto, enforceable under applicable PRC laws and regulations, except that (a) the
                    contractual arrangements provide that the arbitral body may award remedies over the shares
                    and/or assets or award injunctive relief and/or order the winding up of Beijing NIO, and that
                    courts of competent jurisdictions are empowered to grant interim remedies in support of the
                    arbitration pending the formation of an arbitral tribunal or in appropriate cases, while under
                    PRC laws and regulations, an arbitral body has no power to grant injunctive relief or to order an
                    entity to wind up, and the aforesaid interim remedies granted by competent courts may not be




190   NIO Inc.
                                                                                                   PART I


            recognizable or enforceable in the PRC; and (b) the contractual arrangements provide that the
            Registered Shareholders undertake to appoint committees designated by Shanghai NIO as the
            liquidation committee upon the winding up of Beijing NIO to manage its assets; however, in the
            event of a mandatory liquidation required by PRC laws and regulations, these provisions may
            not be enforceable;


         (ii) each of the agreements comprising the contractual arrangements does not violate the
            provisions of the articles of associations of Shanghai NIO and Beijing NIO, respectively; and


         (iii) no approval or authorization from the PRC governmental authorities are required for entering
            into and the performance of the contractual arrangements except that (a) the pledge of
            any equity interest in Beijing NIO for the benefit of Shanghai NIO is subject to registration
            requirements with the governmental authority which has been duly completed; (b) the exercise
            of any exclusive option rights by Shanghai NIO under the exclusive option agreements may
            subject to the approval, filing or registration requirements with the authorities under the then
            prevailing PRC laws and regulations; and (c) the arbitration awards/interim remedies provided
            under the dispute resolution provision of the contractual arrangements shall be recognized by
            competent courts before compulsory enforcement.


         For a description of the risks related to our corporate structure, please see “Item 3. Key
         Information – D. Risk Factors – Risks Related to Our Corporate Structure.”


      D. Property, Plants and Equipment

         Currently, we own land use rights with respect to a parcel of land in Nanjing of approximately
         355,297 square meters and the ownership with respect to the plant thereon for a term ending on
         March 10, 2063, which are used for the manufacture of our electric powertrains. As of December
         31, 2024, we also leased a number of our facilities in various cities in China, mainly facilities we
         use for user centers, warehouses, power management centers and sales, marketing, manufacture
         and customer service, with an aggregated floor area of approximately 4,465,197 square meters. As
         of December 31, 2024, we leased property in North America for our North American headquarters
         and global software development center and our marketing, light assembly, research and
         development center with an aggregate floor area of 201,825 square feet; we leased properties in
         Europe for management, engineering and storage, design headquarters, and sales and marketing
         with an aggregate floor area of approximately 314,095 square meters.


ITEM 4A. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS
         Not applicable.




                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2024      191
      PART I


      ITEM 5. OPERATING AND FINANCIAL REVIEW AND PROSPECTS
                 The following discussion of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon and
                 should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and their related notes
                 included elsewhere in this annual report. This annual report contains forward-looking statements.
                 See “Forward-Looking Information.” In evaluating our business, you should carefully consider the
                 information provided under the caption “Item 3. Key Information – D. Risk Factors” in this annual
                 report. We caution you that our businesses and financial performance are subject to substantial risks
                 and uncertainties.


                 A. Operating Results

                    Overview

                    We are a pioneer and a leading company in the global smart electric vehicle market. We aspire
                    to shape a sustainable and brighter future with the mission of “Blue Sky Coming”. We envision
                    ourselves as a user enterprise where innovative technology meets experience excellence. We
                    design, develop, manufacture and sell smart electric vehicles, driving innovations in next-
                    generation core technologies. We distinguish ourselves through continuous technological
                    breakthroughs and innovations, exceptional products and services, and a community for shared
                    growth. We provide premium smart electric vehicles under the NIO brand, family-oriented smart
                    electric vehicles through the ONVO brand, and small smart high-end electric cars with the FIREFLY
                    brand.


                    In 2024, we delivered 221,970 vehicles, including 201,209 vehicles from our premium smart
                    electric vehicle brand NIO, and 20,761 vehicles from our family-oriented smart electric vehicle
                    brand ONVO.




192   NIO Inc.
                                                                                                            PART I


Key Line Items Affecting Our Results of Operations

Revenues

The following table presents our revenue components by amount and as a percentage of the total
revenues for the periods indicated.


                                                           Year Ended December 31

                                      2022                    2023                               2024

                                  RMB           %         RMB               %           RMB          US$         %
                                                                  (in thousands)

Revenues:
  Vehicle sales              45,506,581       92.4   49,257,270           88.6     58,234,086   7,978,037      88.6
  Other sales(1)              3,761,980        7.6    6,360,663           11.4      7,497,473   1,027,150      11.4
Total revenues               49,268,561      100.0   55,617,933         100.0      65,731,559   9,005,187     100.0


Note:

(1) Other sales are comprised as below:

                                                           Year Ended December 31

                                      2022                    2023                               2024

                                  RMB           %         RMB                %          RMB          US$         %
                                                                  (in thousands)

    Other sales
    Parts, accessories and
      after-sales vehicle
      services                1,228,385        2.5    2,337,490            4.2      3,324,321    455,430        5.1
    Provision of power
      solutions               1,016,094        2.0    1,666,346            3.0      2,100,553    287,775        3.2
    Others                    1,517,501        3.1    2,356,827            4.2      2,072,599    283,945        3.1
    Total                     3,761,980        7.6    6,360,663           11.4      7,497,473   1,027,150      11.4



We currently generate revenues from vehicle sales, which represent revenues from sales of new
vehicles, and other sales including (a) parts, accessories and after-sales vehicle services, including
repair, maintenance, service package, extended warranty services and other vehicle services, (b)
provision of power solutions, including sale of charging piles, provision of battery charging and
swapping services, battery upgrade services, BaaS battery buy-out services and other power solution
services, (c) others, which mainly consist of revenues from sales of used cars, auto financing services,
technical services, lifestyle product merchandise, automotive regulatory credits and other products
and services.




                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024   193
      PART I


                 Revenues from sales of new vehicles, used cars, charging piles, automotive regulatory credits, parts
                 and accessories are recognized when control is transferred. For embedded vehicle connectivity
                 services and battery swapping services offered together with vehicle sales, we recognize revenue
                 over time using a straight-line method (commensurate with the transfer of benefit to the consumer
                 over the period of service). As for the extended warranty, given our limited operating history and lack
                 of historical data, we recognize revenue over time based on a straight-line method initially, and will
                 continue monitoring the cost pattern periodically and adjust the revenue recognition pattern to reflect
                 the actual cost pattern as it becomes available with more data.


                 Cost of Sales

                 The following table presents our cost of sales components by amount and as a percentage of our total
                 cost of sales for the period indicated.


                                                                         Year Ended December 31

                                                 2022                       2023                                  2024

                                             RMB              %         RMB                %           RMB            US$        %
                                                                                 (in thousands)

                 Cost of Sales:
                   Vehicle sales       (39,271,801)         89.0 (44,587,572)            84.8 (51,094,616)      (6,999,934)    86.3
                   Other sales          (4,852,767)         11.0   (7,978,565)           15.2     (8,144,181)   (1,115,748)    13.7
                 Total cost of sales   (44,124,568)        100.0 (52,566,137)          100.0 (59,238,797)       (8,115,682)   100.0


                 We incur cost of sales in relation to (i) vehicle sales, including parts, materials, processing fee, labor
                 costs, manufacturing cost (including depreciation of assets associated with the production), losses
                 on production related purchase commitments, warranty expenses, and inventory write-downs, and
                 (ii) other sales, including parts, materials, labor costs, vehicle connectivity cost, and depreciation of
                 assets that are associated with sales of service and others.




194   NIO Inc.
                                                                                              PART I


Operating Expenses

Research and Development Expenses

Research and development expenses consist primarily of (i) employee compensation, representing
salaries, benefits and bonuses as well as share-based compensation expenses for our research
and development staff and (ii) design and development expenses, which include, among others,
consultation fees, outsourcing fees and expenses of testing materials. Our research and development
expenses also include travel expenses, depreciation and amortization of equipment used in
relation to our research and development activities, rental and related expenses with respect to
laboratories and offices for research and development teams and others, which primarily consists of
telecommunication expenses, office fees and freight charges.


Our research and development expenses are mainly driven by the number of our research and
development employees, the stage and scale of our vehicle development and development of
technology.


Selling, General and Administrative Expenses

Our selling, general and administrative expenses mainly include (i) employee compensation, including
salaries, benefits and bonuses as well as share-based compensation expenses with respect to
our sales, marketing and general corporate staff, (ii) marketing and promotional expenses, which
primarily consist of marketing and advertising costs, (iii) rental and related expenses, which primarily
consist of rental for physical stores and offices, (iv) professional service expenses, which consist of
outsourcing fees primarily relating to legal and human resources and IT functions, design fees paid
for physical stores and offices and fees paid to auditors, (v) depreciation and amortization expenses,
primarily consisting of depreciation and amortization of leasehold improvements, IT equipment and
software, among others, (vi) expenses of low value consumables, primarily consisting of, among
others, IT consumables, office supplies, sample fees and IT-system related licenses, (vii) traveling
expenses, and (viii) other expenses, which includes telecommunication expenses, utilities and other
miscellaneous expenses.


Our selling, general and administrative expenses are significantly affected by the number of our non-
research and development employees, marketing and promotion activities and the expansion of our
sales and after-sales network, including NIO Houses, NIO Spaces and other leased properties.


Interest and Investment Income

Interest and investment income primarily consists of interest and gain earned on cash deposits,
short-term investment and long-term investment.


Gain on Extinguishment of Debt

Gain on extinguishment of debt consists of gain earned from repurchase of convertible notes.




                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024      195
      PART I


                 Interest Expense

                 Interest expense consists of interest expense with respect to our indebtedness.


                 Share of Income of Equity Investees

                 Share of income of equity investees primarily consists of our share of the losses, net of shares of
                 gains of our investees in which, as of December 31, 2024, we held 1.0% to 51.0% in related equity
                 interests. Our equity interests are accounted for using the equity method since we exercise significant
                 influence but do not own a majority equity interest in or control those investees. For investees in
                 which we held equity interest less than 20%, we can exercise significant influence over investees
                 through participation and voting rights in the board of directors or investment committee. For investee
                 in which we held equity interest of 51.0%, we cannot control the significant financial and operating
                 decisions of this investee at our discretion according to the corporate government documents.


                 Other Income/(Loss), Net

                 Other income or losses primarily consist of foreign exchange gains or losses we incur based on
                 movements between the U.S. dollar and the Renminbi. Other income also includes income from
                 reimbursement from depository bank.


                 Income Tax Expense

                 Income tax expense primarily consists of current income tax expense, mainly attributable to intra-
                 group income earned by our United States, German, UK, Hong Kong and PRC subsidiaries which
                 are eliminated upon consolidation but were subject to tax in accordance with applicable tax law,
                 and deferred income tax expense, recognized for the tax consequences attributable to differences
                 between carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities in the financial statements and their
                 respective tax basis, and operating loss carry-forwards.


                 Taxation

                 Cayman Islands

                 We are incorporated in the Cayman Islands. The Cayman Islands currently has no form of income,
                 corporate or capital gains tax. There are no other taxes likely to be material to us levied by the
                 government of the Cayman Islands except for stamp duties which may be applicable on instruments
                 executed in, or, after execution, brought within the jurisdiction of the Cayman Islands.


                 Hong Kong

                 Subsidiaries incorporated in Hong Kong are subject to 8.25% profit tax on the first HK$2 million
                 taxable income and 16.5% profit tax on the remaining taxable income generated from operations in
                 Hong Kong. There is no withholding tax in Hong Kong on remittance of dividends.




196   NIO Inc.
                                                                                             PART I


PRC

Generally, our PRC subsidiaries are subject to enterprise income tax on their taxable income in China
at a statutory rate of 25%, except for our certain PRC subsidiaries that are qualified as high and new
technology enterprises under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law and are eligible for a preferential
enterprise income tax rate of 15%. The enterprise income tax is calculated based on the entity’s
global income as determined under PRC tax laws and accounting standards.


Our products and services are primarily subject to value-added tax at a rate of 13% on the vehicles
and charging piles, repair and maintenance services and charging services as well as 6% on services
such as research and development services, in each case less any deductible value-added tax
we have already paid or born. We are also subject to surcharges on value-added tax payments in
accordance with PRC law.


Dividends paid by our PRC subsidiaries in China to our Hong Kong subsidiaries will be subject to a
withholding tax rate of 10%, unless the Hong Kong entity satisfies all the requirements under the
Arrangement Between the Mainland of China and the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region for
the Avoidance of Double Taxation and the Prevention of Fiscal Evasion with Respect to Taxes on
Income and Capital and receives approval from the tax authority. If our Hong Kong subsidiaries satisfy
all the requirements under the tax arrangement and receive approval from the tax authority, then the
dividends paid to the Hong Kong subsidiaries would be subject to withholding tax at the standard
rate of 5%. Effective from November 1, 2015, the above-mentioned approval requirement has been
abolished, but a Hong Kong entity is still required to file application package with the tax authority,
and settle the overdue taxes if the preferential 5% tax rate is denied based on the subsequent review
of the application package by the tax authority.


If NIO Inc. or any of our subsidiaries outside of China were deemed to be a “resident enterprise” under
the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, it would be subject to enterprise income tax on its worldwide
income at a rate of 25%.


Under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law, research and development expenses incurred by an
enterprise in the course of carrying out research and development activities that have not formed
intangible assets and are included in the profit and loss account for the current year. Besides
deducting the actual amount of research and development expenses incurred, an enterprise is
allowed an additional 100% deduction of the amount in calculating its taxable income for the
relevant year. For research and development expenses that have formed intangible assets, the tax
amortization is based on 200% of the costs of the intangible assets.


Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements

For a summary of recently issued accounting pronouncements, see Note 3 to our consolidated
financial statements included elsewhere in this annual report.




                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024      197
      PART I


                 Results of Operations

                 The following table sets forth a summary of our consolidated results of operations for the periods
                 indicated. This information should be read together with our consolidated financial statements and
                 related notes included elsewhere in this annual report. The operating results in any year are not
                 necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for any future periods.


                                                                                      Year Ended December 31,

                                                                             2022           2023                    2024

                                                                             RMB            RMB                 RMB              US$
                                                                                            (in thousands)

                 Revenues:(1)
                 Vehicle sales                                         45,506,581     49,257,270        58,234,086         7,978,037
                 Other sales(3)                                         3,761,980      6,360,663         7,497,473         1,027,150
                 Total revenues                                        49,268,561     55,617,933        65,731,559         9,005,187

                 Cost of sales:(2)
                 Vehicle sales                                         (39,271,801)   (44,587,572)     (51,094,616)        (6,999,934)
                 Other sales                                            (4,852,767)    (7,978,565)       (8,144,181)       (1,115,748)
                 Total cost of sales                                   (44,124,568)   (52,566,137)     (59,238,797)        (8,115,682)

                 Gross profit                                           5,143,993      3,051,796         6,492,762           889,505
                 Operating expenses:(2)
                 Research and development(2)                           (10,836,261)   (13,431,399)     (13,037,304)        (1,786,103)
                 Selling, general and administrative(2)                (10,537,119)   (12,884,556)     (15,741,057)        (2,156,516)
                 Other operating income, net                              588,728        608,975             411,526          56,379
                 Total operating expenses                              (20,784,652)   (25,706,980)     (28,366,835)        (3,886,240)

                 Loss from operations                                  (15,640,659)   (22,655,184)     (21,874,073)        (2,996,735)

                 Interest and investment income                         1,358,719      2,210,018             853,728         116,960
                 Interest expenses                                       (333,216)      (403,530)            (798,363)      (109,375)
                 Gain/(loss) on extinguishment of debt                    138,332        170,193               (4,480)           (614)
                 Share of income/(loss) of equity investees               377,775         64,394             (503,193)        (68,937)
                 Other (loss)/income, net                                (282,952)       155,191              (98,143)        (13,446)
                 Loss before income tax expense                        (14,382,001)   (20,458,918)     (22,424,524)        (3,072,147)

                 Income tax (expense)/benefit                              (55,103)     (260,835)             22,815           3,126
                 Net loss                                              (14,437,104)   (20,719,753)     (22,401,709)        (3,069,021)

                 Other comprehensive income/(loss)
                 Change in unrealized gains/(losses) related to
                   available-for-sale debt securities, net of tax         746,336       (770,560)                   –              –
                 Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of nil
                   tax                                                    717,274         11,514             149,668          20,504
                 Total other comprehensive income/(loss)                1,463,610       (759,046)            149,668          20,504




198   NIO Inc.
                                                                                                                    PART I



                                                                             Year Ended December 31,

                                                                 2022               2023                    2024

                                                                 RMB                RMB                 RMB                US$
                                                                                   (in thousands)

Total comprehensive loss                                  (12,973,494)       (21,478,799)       (22,252,041)        (3,048,517)
Accretion on redeemable non-controlling interests
  to redemption value                                        (279,355)          (303,163)           (347,516)          (47,609)
Net loss/(profit) attributable to non-controlling
  interests                                                   157,014           (124,051)             91,533            12,540
Other comprehensive (income)/loss attributable to
  non-controlling interests                                  (151,299)           156,026                   –                 –
Comprehensive loss attributable to ordinary
  shareholders of NIO Inc.                                (13,247,134)       (21,749,987)       (22,508,024)        (3,083,586)


Notes:

(1) We currently generate revenues from vehicle sales and other sales.


(2) Share-based compensation expenses were allocated in cost of sales and operating expenses as follows:


    Cost of sales                                              66,914             83,972               71,779            9,834
    Research and development expenses                       1,323,370          1,517,206            1,296,136          177,570
    Selling, general and administrative expenses              905,612            767,863              560,597           76,801
    Total                                                   2,295,896          2,369,041            1,928,512          264,205


(3) Other sales mainly consist of revenues from (a) parts, accessories and after-sales vehicle services, including repair,
    maintenance, service package, extended warranty services and other vehicle services, (b) provision of power solutions,
    including sale of charging piles, provision of battery charging and swapping services, battery upgrade service, BaaS battery
    buy-out service and other power solution services, (c) others, which mainly consist of revenues from sales of used cars, auto
    financing services, technical services, lifestyle product merchandise, automotive regulatory credits and other products and
    services.


Year Ended December 31, 2024 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2023

Revenues

Our revenues increased by 18.2% from RMB55,617.9 million in 2023 to RMB65,731.6 million
(US$9,005.2 million) in 2024, primarily attributable to (i) an increase in vehicle sales by RMB8,976.8
million, as a result of an increase in vehicle delivery volume by 38.7%, partially offset by a decrease
in the average selling price of our vehicles mainly due to changes in product mix, and (ii) an increase
in other revenues by RMB1,497.1 million from sales of parts, accessories and after-sales vehicle
services and provision of power solutions, as a result of continued growth in the number of our users,
partially offset by (iii) the decrease in revenue from sales of used cars by RMB587.8 million.




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2024          199
      PART I


                 Cost of sales

                 Our cost of sales increased by 12.7% from RMB52,566.1 million in 2023 to RMB59,238.8 million
                 (US$8,115.7 million) in 2024, primarily attributable to (i) an increase in cost of vehicle sales by
                 RMB6,507.0 million, as a result of an increase in vehicle delivery volume by 38.7%, partially offset by
                 lower material cost per vehicle and changes in our product mix, and (ii) an increase in cost of provision
                 of power solutions and parts, accessories and after-sales vehicle services by RMB840.1 million, as
                 a result of higher depreciation and operating cost from the increased investment in our power and
                 service network, partially offset by (iii) the decrease in cost of used car sales of RMB746.4 million, as
                 a result of decreased used car sales volume.


                 Gross Profit and Gross Margin

                 Our gross profit increased by 112.8% from RMB3,051.8 million in 2023 to RMB6,492.8 million
                 (US$889.5 million) in 2024. The increase of gross profit compared to 2023 was mainly driven by (i)
                 the increase in profit from vehicle sales of RMB2,469.8 million primarily due to an increase in vehicle
                 delivery volume by 38.7%, and (ii) the increase in profit from sales of parts, accessories and after-
                 sales vehicle services with RMB850.1 million.


                 Gross margin in 2024 was 9.9%, compared with 5.5% in 2023. The increase of gross margin as
                 compared to 2023 was mainly driven by the increase of vehicle margin.


                 Vehicle margin in 2024 was 12.3%, compared with 9.5% in 2023. Vehicle margin is the margin of new
                 vehicle sales, which is calculated based on revenues and cost of sales derived from new vehicle sales
                 only. The increase of vehicle margin as compared to 2023 was mainly driven by decreased material
                 cost per vehicle, which is partially offset by changes in our product mix.


                 Other sales margin in 2024 was negative 8.6%, compared with negative 25.4% in 2023, which was
                 mainly driven by the increase of sales of parts, accessories and after-sales vehicle services with
                 relatively high sales margin.


                 Research and Development Expenses

                 Research and development expenses decreased by 2.9% from RMB13,431.4 million in 2023
                 to RMB13,037.3 million (US$1,786.1 million) in 2024, primarily due to decreased design and
                 development costs of RMB457.6 million and decreased personnel costs in research and development
                 functions of RMB169.3 million resulting from different stages of development for new products and
                 technologies, partially offset by the incremental depreciation and amortization expenses of RMB270.3
                 million.




200   NIO Inc.
                                                                                         PART I


Selling, General and Administrative Expenses

Selling, general and administrative expenses increased by 22.2% from RMB12,884.6 million in
2023 to RMB15,741.1 million (US$2,156.5 million) in 2024, primarily due to (i) increased employee
compensation expense of RMB1,475.9 million driven by an increase in sales functions personnel, and
(ii) increased marketing and promotional expenses of RMB766.4 million due to the increase in sales
and marketing activities for new brands and products.


Loss from Operations

As a result of the foregoing, we incurred a loss from operations of RMB21,874.1 million (US$2,996.7
million) in 2024, representing a decrease of 3.4% as compared to a loss of RMB22,655.2 million in
2023.


Interest and investment income

We recorded interest and investment income of RMB853.7 million (US$117.0 million) in 2024,
representing a decrease of 61.4% as compared to RMB2,210.0 million in 2023, primarily due to the
fair value change of our equity investments.


Interest Expenses

Our interest expenses increased from RMB403.5 million in 2023 to RMB798.4 million (US$109.4
million) in 2024, primarily due to the issuance of 2029 Notes and the 2030 Notes in September 2023
and the increased other financing arrangements.


Share of Income/(Loss) of Equity Investees

We recorded share of loss of equity investees of RMB503.2 million (US$68.9 million) in 2024, as
compared to share of income of equity investees of RMB64.4 million in 2023, primarily due to the
share of losses recorded from our equity investments measured under equity method in 2024.


Other (Loss)/Income, Net

We recorded other losses of RMB98.1 million (US$13.4 million) in 2024, compared with other
income of RMB155.2 million in 2023, primarily due to an increase in foreign exchange loss of
RMB253.2 million from the revaluation impact of overseas Renminbi-related assets as a result of the
depreciation of Renminbi against U.S. dollars in 2024.




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2024     201
      PART I


                 Income Tax (Expense)/Benefit

                 We recorded income tax benefit of RMB22.8 million (US$3.1 million) in 2024, as compared to income
                 tax expense of RMB260.8 million in 2023, primarily due to the reversion of deferred tax liabilities in
                 connection with the fair value change of our equity investments.


                 Net Loss

                 As a result of the foregoing, we incurred a net loss of RMB22,401.7 million (US$3,069.0 million) in
                 2024, representing an increase of 8.1% as compared to a net loss of RMB20,719.8 million in 2023.


                 Year Ended December 31, 2023 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2022

                 Revenues

                 Our revenues increased by 12.9% from RMB49,268.6 million in 2022 to RMB55,617.9 million in 2023,
                 primarily attributable to (i) an increase of vehicle sales by RMB3,750.7 million, as a result of an
                 increase in vehicle delivery volume by 30.7% mainly due to a more diversified product mix offered
                 to our users, and partially offset by a decrease in the average selling price of our vehicles by 15.7%
                 also mainly due to changes in product mix, (ii) an increase in other revenues by RMB2,655.4 million
                 from sales of parts, accessories and after-sales vehicle services, provision of power solutions and
                 other sales, as a result of continued growth in the number of our users, and partially offset by (iii) the
                 decrease in revenue from sales of automotive regulatory credits by RMB56.7 million mainly due to
                 decreased sales of credits with lower selling prices.


                 Cost of sales

                 Our cost of sales increased by 19.1% from RMB44,124.6 million in 2022 to RMB52,566.1 million
                 in 2023, primarily attributable to an increase in cost of vehicle sales by RMB5,315.8 million and
                 an increase of cost of provision of power solutions and parts, accessories and after-sales vehicle
                 services by RMB2,124.1 million, which was mainly due to (i) an increase of vehicle delivery volume
                 by 30.7% in 2023, (ii) partially offset by lower material cost per vehicle and the inventory provisions,
                 accelerated depreciation on production facilities, and losses on purchase commitments for the
                 previous generation of ES8, ES6 and EC6 recorded in 2022 (RMB985.4 million in total) and (iii) higher
                 depreciation and operating cost from the expanded investment in our power and service network.


                 Gross Profit and Gross Margin

                 Our gross profit decreased by 40.7% from RMB5,144.0 million in 2022 to RMB3,051.8 million in
                 2023. The decrease of gross profit compared to 2022 was mainly driven by (i) the decrease of profit
                 from vehicle sales with RMB1,565.1 million primarily due to lower average selling price as a result of
                 changes in product mix, (ii) the decrease of profit from provision of power solutions with RMB697.1
                 million as a result of the expanded power network, (iii) and partially offset by the increase of profit
                 from sales of parts, accessories and after-sales vehicle services with RMB332.9 million.




202   NIO Inc.
                                                                                             PART I


Gross margin in 2023 was 5.5%, compared with 10.4% in 2022. The decrease of gross margin as
compared to 2022 was mainly driven by the decrease of vehicle margin.


Vehicle margin in 2023 was 9.5%, compared with 13.7% in 2022. Vehicle margin is the margin of new
vehicle sales, which is calculated based on revenues and cost of sales derived from new vehicle sales
only. The decrease of vehicle margin as compared to 2022 was mainly driven by lower average selling
price primarily due to changes in product mix.


Other sales margin in 2023 was negative 25.4%, compared with negative 29.0% in 2022, which was
mainly driven by the increase of sales of parts, accessories and after-sales vehicle services with high
sales margin.


Research and Development Expenses

Research and development expenses increased by 23.9% from RMB10,836.3 million in 2022 to
RMB13,431.4 million in 2023, primarily due to increased personnel costs in research and development
functions of RMB2,313.4 million.


Selling, General and Administrative Expenses

Selling, general and administrative expenses increased by 22.3% from RMB10,537.1 million in 2022
to RMB12,884.6 million in 2023, primarily due to (i) increased employee compensation expense of
RMB1,397.3 million due to an increase in sales and general corporate functions, and (ii) increased
marketing and promotional expenses of RMB867.0 million due to the increase in sales and marketing
activities.


Loss from Operations

As a result of the foregoing, we incurred a loss from operations of RMB22,655.2 million in 2023,
representing an increase of 44.8% as compared to a loss of RMB15,640.7 million in 2022.




                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024      203
      PART I


                 Interest and investment income

                 We recorded interest and investment income of RMB2,210.0 million in 2023, representing an increase
                 of 62.7% as compared to RMB1,358.7 million in 2022, primarily due to the recycling of an unrealized
                 gain from other comprehensive income to investment income of RMB977.3 million related to an equity
                 investment previously accounted for as an available-for-sale debt investment.


                 Interest Expenses

                 Our interest expenses increased from RMB333.2 million in 2022 to RMB403.5 million in 2023,
                 primarily because the principal amount of convertible notes outstanding was higher in 2023 due to
                 the issuance of the 2029 Notes and the 2030 Notes.


                 Gain on extinguishment of debt

                 Our gain on extinguishment of debt was RMB170.2 million in 2023, compared with RMB138.3 million
                 in 2022, which was attributed to the gain from the repurchase of a portion of the 2026 Notes and 2027
                 Notes with a carrying amount of RMB1,822.0 million in 2023 and RMB1,739.3 million, respectively.


                 Share of Income of Equity Investees

                 We recorded share of income of equity investees of RMB64.4 million in 2023, compared with
                 RMB377.8 million in 2022, primarily due to the decreased share of income recorded from our equity
                 investments measured under equity method due to decreased earnings of equity investees in 2023.


                 Other Income/(Loss), Net

                 We recorded other income of RMB155.2 million in 2023, compared with other losses of RMB283.0
                 million in 2022, primarily due to a decrease in foreign exchange loss of RMB463.3 million from the
                 revaluation impact of overseas Renminbi-related assets as a result of the appreciation of Renminbi
                 against U.S. dollars in 2023.


                 Income Tax Expense

                 Our income tax expense increased from RMB55.1 million in 2022 to RMB260.8 million in 2023,
                 primarily due to the recognition of an income tax expense of RMB206.7 million in 2023 in connection
                 with recycling of an unrealized gain from other comprehensive income to investment income of
                 RMB977.3 million for the available-for-sale debt investment referred to above.


                 Net Loss

                 As a result of the foregoing, we incurred a net loss of RMB20,719.8 million in 2023, representing an
                 increase of 43.5% as compared to a net loss of RMB14,437.1 million in 2022.




204   NIO Inc.
                                                                                            PART I


B. Liquidity and Capital Resources

   Cash Flows and Working Capital

   We had net cash used in operating activities of RMB3,866.0 million in 2022, net cash used in
   operating activities of RMB1,381.5 million in 2023, and net cash used in operating activities of
   RMB7,849.2 million (US$1,075.3 million) in 2024.


   As of December 31, 2024, we had a total of RMB41,884.9 million (US$5,738.2 million) in cash
   and cash equivalents, restricted cash (including non-current restricted cash) and short-term
   investments. As of December 31, 2024, 79.0% of our cash and cash equivalents and restricted
   cash (including non-current restricted cash) and short-term investments were denominated
   in Renminbi and held in PRC and Hong Kong and the other cash and cash equivalents and
   restricted cash (including non-current restricted cash) and short-term investments were mainly
   denominated in US$ and held in the PRC, Hong Kong and the United States. Our cash and cash
   equivalents consist primarily of cash on hand, time deposits and highly liquid investments placed
   with banks, which are unrestricted as to withdrawal and use, and which have original maturities of
   three months or less.


   As of December 31, 2024, we had bank credit quotas with an aggregate amount of RMB73,772.8
   million (US$10,106.8 million), which consists of non-collateral based bank credit quotas
   of RMB15,441.3 million (US$2,115.4 million) and collateral-based bank credit quotas of
   RMB58,331.5 million (US$7,991.4 million). Out of the total non-collateral based bank credit
   quotas, RMB7,104.5 million (US$973.3 million), RMB2,537.0 million (US$347.6 million), and
   RMB330.0 million (US$45.2 million) were used for bank borrowing, issuance of letters of
   guarantee, and bank’s acceptance notes, respectively. Out of the total collateral-based bank
   credit quotas, RMB2,058.6 million (US$282.0 million) and RMB16,658.7 million (US$2,282.2
   million) were used for issuance of letters of guarantee and bank’s acceptance notes, respectively.


   As of December 31, 2024, we had RMB9,127.2 million (US$1,250.4 million) and RMB11,440.8
   million (US$1,567.4 million) in total short-term and long-term borrowings outstanding,
   respectively. The borrowings outstanding primarily consisted of the 2026 Notes, 2027 Notes, 2029
   Notes and 2030 Notes, portions of the asset-backed notes, and our short-term and long-term
   bank debt.




                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024     205
      PART I


                 In January 2021, we issued US$750 million aggregate principal amount of 0.00% convertible
                 senior notes due 2026, or the 2026 Notes, and US$750 million aggregate principal amount of
                 0.50% convertible senior notes due 2027, or the 2027 Notes. The 2026 Notes and the 2027 Notes
                 are unsecured debt. The 2026 Notes will not bear interest, and the principal amount of the 2026
                 Notes will not accrete. The 2027 Notes will bear interest at a rate of 0.50% per year. The 2026
                 Notes will mature on February 1, 2026 and the 2027 Notes will mature on February 1, 2027, unless
                 repurchased, redeemed or converted in accordance with their terms prior to such date. Prior to
                 August 1, 2025, in the case of the 2026 Notes, and August 1, 2026, in the case of the 2027 Notes,
                 the 2026 Notes and the 2027 Notes, as applicable, will be convertible at the option of the holders
                 only upon satisfaction of certain conditions and during certain periods. Holders may convert their
                 2026 Notes or 2027 Notes, as applicable, at their option at any time on or after August 1, 2025,
                 in the case of the 2026 Notes, or August 1, 2026, in the case of the 2027 Notes, until the close of
                 business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the relevant maturity date.
                 Upon conversion, we will pay or deliver to such converting holders, as the case may be, cash,
                 ADSs, or a combination of cash and ADSs, at our election. The initial conversion rate of the 2026
                 Notes is 10.7458 ADSs per US$1,000 principal amount of such 2026 Notes. The initial conversion
                 rate of the 2027 Notes is 10.7458 ADSs per US$1,000 principal amount of such 2027 Notes.
                 The relevant conversion rate for such series of the 2026 Notes and the 2027 Notes is subject to
                 adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events. Holders of the 2026 Notes and the 2027 Notes
                 may require us to repurchase all or part of their 2026 Notes and 2027 Notes for cash on February
                 1, 2024, in the case of the 2026 Notes, and February 1, 2025, in the case of the 2027 Notes, or in
                 the event of certain fundamental changes, at a repurchase price equal to 100% of the principal
                 amount of the 2026 Notes or the 2027 Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest,
                 if any, to, but excluding, the relevant repurchase date.




206   NIO Inc.
                                                                                          PART I


In addition, on or after February 6, 2024, in the case of the 2026 Notes, and February 6, 2025, in
the case of the 2027 Notes, until the 20th scheduled trading day immediately prior to the relevant
maturity date, we may redeem the 2026 Notes or the 2027 Notes, as applicable for cash subject to
certain conditions, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 2026 Notes
or the 2027 Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the
relevant optional redemption date. Furthermore, we may redeem all but not part of the 2026 Notes
or the 2027 Notes in the event of certain changes in the tax laws. Satisfying the obligations of the
2026 Notes and the 2027 Notes could adversely affect the amount or timing of any distributions to
our shareholders. We may choose to satisfy, repurchase, or refinance the 2026 Notes or the 2027
Notes through public or private equity or debt financings if we deem such financings available on
favorable terms. In 2022, we repurchased an aggregate principal amount of US$192.9 million of
2026 Notes for a total cash consideration of US$170.5 million. In September 2023, shortly after
the pricing of the 2029 Notes and the 2030 Notes, we repurchased an aggregate principal amount
of US$255.6 million of the 2026 Notes for a total cash consideration of US$249.9 million and an
aggregate principal amount of US$244.4 million of the 2027 Notes for a total cash consideration
of US$222.0 million. In February 2024, we completed the repurchase right offer relating to the
2026 Notes. US$300.5 million in aggregate principal amount of the 2026 Notes were validly
surrendered and not withdrawn prior to the expiration of the repurchase right offer. In November
and December 2024, we entered into and completed separate, privately negotiated transactions
with a limited number of holders of the 2027 Notes resulting in the exchange of US$127.1 million
principal amount of the 2027 Notes into ADSs. In these exchange transactions, we delivered to
the participating holders 27.7 million ADSs. The exchange prices ranged from 207.0 to 227.6 ADSs
per US$1,000 principal amount of the 2027 Notes. We did not receive any cash proceeds from
the issuance of the ADSs upon exchange. Concurrently, CHJ Limited, one of our wholly-owned
subsidiaries, surrendered 27.7 million Class A ordinary shares held by it to us for cancellation
at no consideration. On January 31, 2025, we completed the repurchase right offer relating to
the 2027 Notes. US$378.3 million aggregate principal amount of the 2027 Notes were validly
surrendered and not withdrawn prior to the expiration of the repurchase right offer. Following
settlement of the repurchase, US$213,000 aggregate principal amount of the 2027 Notes
remained outstanding and continues to be subject to the existing terms of the indenture and the
2027 Notes.




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2024      207
      PART I


                 In September 2023, we issued US$500 million aggregate principal amount of 3.875% convertible
                 senior notes due 2029, or the 2029 Notes, and US$500 million aggregate principal amount of
                 4.625% convertible senior notes due 2030, or the 2030 Notes. We granted the initial purchasers
                 in the notes offering an option to purchase up to an additional US$75 million in aggregate
                 principal amount of the 2029 Notes and up to an additional US$75 million in aggregate principal
                 amount of the 2030 Notes. The initial purchasers exercised in full the option to purchase from us
                 an aggregate of US$75 million principal amount of the 2029 Notes and US$75 million principal
                 amount of the 2030 Notes. The 2029 Notes and the 2030 Notes are unsecured debt. The 2029
                 Notes will bear interest at a rate of 3.875% per year, and the 2030 Notes will bear interest at a
                 rate of 4.625% per year. The 2029 Notes will mature on October 15, 2029 and the 2030 Notes will
                 mature on October 15, 2030, unless repurchased, redeemed or converted in accordance with their
                 terms prior to such date. The holders of the 2029 Notes and the 2030 Notes shall have the right, at
                 such holder’s option, to convert all or any portion of their 2029 Notes or 2030 Notes, as applicable,
                 at any time prior to the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately
                 preceding the relevant maturity date.


                 Upon conversion, we will pay or deliver to such converting holders, as the case may be, cash,
                 ADSs, or a combination of cash and ADSs, at our election. The initial conversion rate of the 2029
                 Notes is 89.9685 ADSs per US$1,000 principal amount of such 2029 Notes. The initial conversion
                 rate of the 2030 Notes is 89.9685 ADSs per US$1,000 principal amount of such 2030 Notes.
                 The relevant conversion rate for such series of the 2029 Notes and the 2030 Notes is subject to
                 adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events.


                 Holders of the 2029 Notes and 2030 Notes may require us to repurchase all or any portion of their
                 2029 Notes and 2030 Notes for cash on October 15, 2027, in the case of the 2029 Notes, and
                 October 15, 2028, in the case of 2030 Notes, or in the event of certain fundamental changes, at a
                 repurchase price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the 2029 Notes or the 2030 Notes to
                 be repurchased plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the repurchase date.
                 In addition, on or after October 22, 2027, in the case of the 2029 Notes, and October 22, 2028, in
                 the case of the 2030 Notes, until the 20th scheduled trading day immediately prior to the relevant
                 maturity date, we may redeem all or part of the 2029 Notes and 2030 Notes, as applicable for
                 cash subject to certain conditions, at a redemption price equal to 100% of the principal amount
                 of the 2029 Notes or the 2030 Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any,
                 to, but excluding, the optional redemption date. Furthermore, we may redeem all but not part of
                 the 2029 Notes or the 2030 Notes in the event of certain changes in the tax laws. Satisfying the
                 obligations of the 2029 Notes and the 2030 Notes could adversely affect the amount or timing
                 of any distributions to our shareholders. We may choose to satisfy, repurchase, or refinance the
                 2029 Notes or the 2030 Notes through public or private equity or debt financings if we deem such
                 financings available on favorable terms.


                 Based on the outstanding principal amount of the 2026 Notes, the 2027 Notes, the 2029 Notes
                 and the 2030 Notes, and the highest conversion rate under each indenture, the maximum
                 number of ADSs that would be issued in connection with the outstanding convertible notes is
                 approximately 134.5 million.




208   NIO Inc.
                                                                                                   PART I


Our principal sources of liquidity have been proceeds from issuances of equity securities, our
notes offerings, our bank credit quotas and cash flow from business operations. We have been
applying a variety of methods to manage our working capital. We use just-in-time, pull-production
system to control the inventory level of the components. Meanwhile, payment methods for our
suppliers can be a combination of cash and notes payable.

We have been incurring loss since inception. We incurred operating cash outflow for the year
ended December 31, 2024 and our current liabilities exceeded current assets as of December 31,
2024. Therefore, our ability to continue as a going concern is largely dependent on the successful
implementation of management’s business plan to mitigate these adverse conditions, which
includes growing our revenue by increasing sales volume of electric vehicles, maintaining a
reasonable working capital turnover rate by managing collection of receivables and settlement
of payables, and raising funds from banks under available credit quotas and other sources when
needed. We have prepared a cash flows forecast covering the twelve months from the date of
issuance of the consolidated financial statements after giving consideration to our business
plan as noted above and the evaluation of the probability of the successful implementation of
such business plan. We have concluded it is probable that the business plan will be effectively
implemented, and our available cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and short-term
investments, cash generated from operating activities and funds from available credit quotas
and other sources will be sufficient to support our continuous operations and necessary capital
expenditures, and to meet its payment obligations when liabilities fall due within the twelve
months from the date of issuance of the consolidated financial statements.

However, we may decide to enhance our liquidity position or increase our cash reserve for future
expansions and acquisitions through additional capital and/or finance funding. The issuance and
sale of additional equity would result in further dilution to our shareholders. The incurrence of
indebtedness would result in increased fixed obligations and could result in operating covenants
that would restrict our operations. We cannot assure you that financing will be available in
amounts or on terms acceptable to us, if at all.

The following table sets forth a summary of our cash flows for the periods indicated.

                                                               Year Ended December 31,
                                                      2022           2023                   2024
                                                      RMB             RMB               RMB              US$
                                                                     (in thousands)
Summary of Consolidated Cash Flow Data:
Net cash used in operating activities before
  movements in working capital                   (8,116,982)   (14,466,984)     (11,461,099)       (1,570,166)
Changes in operating assets and liabilities       4,250,974     13,085,438        3,611,931           494,832
Net cash used in operating activities            (3,866,008)    (1,381,546)      (7,849,168)       (1,075,334)
Net cash provided by/(used in) investing
  activities                                     10,385,017    (10,885,375)       (4,958,493)       (679,310)
Net cash (used in)/provided by financing
  activities                                     (1,616,384)   27,662,881         1,772,483          242,829
Effects of exchange rate changes on cash, cash
  equivalents and restricted cash                  (121,896)       70,254             161,039         22,064
Net increase/(decrease) in cash, cash
  equivalents and restricted cash                 4,780,729    15,466,214       (10,874,139)       (1,489,751)
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at
  beginning of the year                          18,374,564    23,155,293        38,621,507        5,291,125
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at
  end of the year                                23,155,293    38,621,507        27,747,368        3,801,374




                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2024      209
      PART I


                 Operating Activities

                 Net cash used in operating activities was RMB7,849.2 million (US$1,075.3 million) in 2024,
                 as compared to a net loss of RMB22,401.7 million. The difference was primarily attributable
                 to (i) non-cash items of RMB10,940.6 million, which primarily consisted of depreciation and
                 amortization of RMB5,875.5 million, share-based compensation expenses of RMB1,928.5 million,
                 and amortization of right-of-use assets of RMB1,825.2 million, and (ii) a net increase in changes
                 in operating assets and liabilities by RMB3,611.9 million, which was primarily attributable to
                 an increase in trade and notes payable of RMB4,717.2 million, a decrease in trade and notes
                 receivable of RMB2,985.8 million, and a decrease in other non-current assets of RMB1,385.1
                 million, partially offset by an increase in amounts due from related parties of RMB5,980.9 million.


                 Net cash used in operating activities was RMB1,381.5 million in 2023, as compared to a net
                 loss of RMB20,719.8 million. The difference was primarily attributable to (i) non-cash items of
                 RMB6,252.8 million, which primarily consisted of depreciation and amortization of RMB3,378.0
                 million, share-based compensation expenses of RMB2,369.0 million, amortization of right-of-use
                 assets of RMB1,529.5 million, and (ii) a net increase in changes in operating assets and liabilities
                 by RMB13,085.4 million, which was primarily attributable to an increase in trade and notes
                 payable of RMB4,870.8 million, a decrease in inventory of RMB2,895.5 million, a decrease in other
                 non-current assets of RMB2,600.0 million.


                 Net cash used in operating activities was RMB3,866.0 million in 2022, as compared to a net
                 loss of RMB14,437.1 million. The difference was primarily attributable to (i) non-cash items of
                 RMB6,320.1 million, which primarily consisted of depreciation and amortization of RMB2,852.3
                 million, share-based compensation expenses of RMB2,295.9 million, amortization of right-of-use
                 assets of RMB1,141.7 million, and (ii) a net increase in changes in operating assets and liabilities
                 by RMB4,251.0 million, which was primarily attributable to an increase in trade and notes payable
                 of RMB11,650.9 million, an increase in accruals and other liabilities of RMB4,119.4 million, an
                 increase in other non-current liabilities of RMB1,620.9 million, which was partially offset by,
                 among other things, an increase in inventory of RMB6,257.5 million, trade and notes receivable of
                 RMB2,303.4 million and prepayments and other current assets of RMB1,239.9 million.




210   NIO Inc.
                                                                                          PART I


Investing Activities

Net cash used in investing activities was RMB4,958.5 million (US$679.3 million) in 2024, primarily
attributable to purchase of short-term investments of RMB45,957.6 million, and (ii) purchase of
property, plant and equipment and intangible assets of RMB9,142.3 million, partially offset by
proceeds from maturities of short-term investments of RMB50,413.9 million.


Net cash used in investing activities was RMB10,885.4 million in 2023, primarily attributable to (i)
purchase of short-term investments of RMB43,899.1 million, and (ii) purchase of property, plant
and equipment and intangible assets of RMB14,340.8 million, inclusive of VAT input, partially
offset by proceeds from maturities of short-term investments of RMB47,753.6 million.


Net cash provided by investing activities was RMB10,385.0 million in 2022, primarily attributable
to proceeds from maturities of short-term investments of RMB106,658.2 million, partially offset
by (i) purchase of short-term investments of RMB87,631.7 million, (ii) purchase of property, plant
and equipment and intangible assets of RMB6,972.9 million, and (iii) purchase of held to maturity
debt investments of RMB1,830.0 million.


Financing Activities

Net cash provided by financing activities was RMB1,772.5 million (US$242.8 million) in 2024,
primarily attributable to proceeds from borrowings from third parties of RMB9,218.9 million
and capital injection from redeemable non-controlling interests of RMB3,295.5 million, partially
offset by repayments of borrowings from third parties of RMB7,512.8 million and repurchase of
convertible senior notes of RMB3,302.2 million.


Net cash provided by financing activities was RMB27,662.9 million in 2023, primarily attributable
to (i) proceeds from issuance of ordinary shares to CYVN Investments, net of RMB20,962.3 million,
(ii) proceeds from issuance of convertible senior notes of RMB8,120.8 million, and (iii) proceeds
from borrowings from third parties of RMB8,014.4 million, partially offset by repayments of
borrowings from third parties of RMB6,096.0 million and repurchase of convertible senior notes of
RMB3,387.6 million.


Net cash used in financing activities was RMB1,616.4 million in 2022, primarily attributable to
repayments of borrowings from third parties of RMB7,347.9 million and repurchase of convertible
senior notes of RMB1,202.4 million, partially offset by proceeds from borrowings from third
parties of RMB6,918.6 million.




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2024      211
      PART I


                 Material Cash Requirements

                 Our material cash requirements as of December 31, 2024 primarily include our capital
                 commitments, operating and financing lease obligations, short-term and long-term borrowings,
                 and convertible notes, as below:


                                                                              Payment due by period

                                                                      Less than                                    More than
                                                             Total       1 year         1-3 years      3-5 years     5 years

                                                                                  (in RMB thousands)

                 Capital commitments                     6,423,831    6,212,240           146,147        65,444           –
                 Operating lease obligations            16,859,377    2,531,918         4,206,054      2,732,702   7,388,703
                 Finance lease obligations                 67,352       16,993             28,849        13,025        8,485
                 Short-term and long-term borrowings     8,094,670    5,129,180         1,487,990       877,500      600,000
                 Interest on borrowings                   346,716      134,139            141,222        61,316       10,039
                 Convertible notes with principal and
                   interest                             12,248,458    3,081,409         4,842,552      4,324,497          –
                 Total                                  44,040,404   17,105,879        10,852,814      8,074,484   8,007,227


                 Our capital commitments are commitments in relation to the purchase of property and equipment
                 including leasehold improvements.


                 Our operating and finance lease obligations consist of leases in relation to certain manufacturing
                 plant, offices and buildings and other properties for our sales and service network.


                 Our short-term and long-term borrowings represent borrowings with maturity from eleven months
                 to seven years.


                 Our convertible notes that remained outstanding as of December 31, 2024 represented (i) the
                 2026 Notes with outstanding principal amount of US$912,000 as of December 31, 2024, which
                 will mature in February 2026, (ii) the 2027 Notes with outstanding principal amount of US$378.5
                 million as of December 31, 2024, which will mature in February 2027, (iii) the 2029 Notes with
                 outstanding principal amount of US$575.0 million as of December 31, 2024, which will mature in
                 October 2029 and (iv) the 2030 Notes with outstanding principal amount of US$575.0 million as
                 of December 31, 2024, which will mature in October 2030. On January 31, 2025, we completed the
                 repurchase right offer relating to the 2027 Notes with aggregate principal amount of US$378.3
                 million. Following settlement of the repurchase, US$213,000 aggregate principal amount of
                 the 2027 Notes remained outstanding and continues to be subject to the existing terms of the
                 indenture and the 2027 Notes.




212   NIO Inc.
                                                                                         PART I


We intend to fund our existing and future material cash requirements with our existing cash
balance. We will continue to make cash commitments, including capital expenditures, to support
the growth of our business.


Other than those shown above, we did not have any significant capital and other commitments,
long-term obligations, mortgages and charges or guarantees as of December 31, 2024. As
of December 31, 2024, save as disclosed in our consolidated financial statements included
elsewhere in this annual report, we did not have significant contingent liabilities. As of December
31, 2024, save as disclosed in this section, we did not have any significant bank overdrafts, loans
and other similar indebtedness, liabilities under acceptances or acceptance credits, debentures,
mortgages, charges hire purchase commitments or other outstanding material contingent
liabilities.


Capital Expenditures

In 2022, 2023 and 2024, our capital expenditures were mainly used for the acquisition of property,
plant and equipment which consisted primarily of charging and battery swap equipment, mold
and tooling, production facilities, IT equipment, research and development equipment, leasehold
improvements mainly for NIO Houses and NIO Spaces, delivery and servicing centers, Power
Swap Stations and laboratories as well as equity investments. We made capital expenditures of
RMB7,251.9 million, RMB14,762.5 million and RMB9,534.7 million (US$1,306.3 million) in 2022,
2023 and 2024, respectively. We expect our capital expenditures to continue to be significant in
the foreseeable future as we expand our business, and that our level of capital expenditures will
be significantly affected by user demand for our products and services. The fact that we have a
limited operating history means we have limited historical data on the demand for our products
and services. As a result, our future capital requirements may be uncertain and actual capital
requirements may be different from those we currently anticipate. To the extent the proceeds
of securities we have issued and cash flows from our business activities are insufficient to fund
future capital requirements, we may need to seek equity or debt financing. We will continue to
make capital expenditures to support the expected growth of our business.




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2024     213
      PART I


                   Holding Company Structure

                    NIO Inc. is a holding company with no material operations of its own. We conduct our operations
                    in China primarily through our PRC subsidiaries, and, to a much lesser extent, the VIEs, and NIO
                    Insurance Broker Co., Ltd., the subsidiary of Anhui NIO DT. As a result, our ability to pay dividends
                    depends significantly upon dividends paid by our PRC subsidiaries. If our existing PRC subsidiaries
                    or any newly formed ones incur debt on their own behalf in the future, the instruments governing
                    their debt may restrict their ability to pay dividends to us. In addition, our wholly foreign-owned
                    subsidiaries in China are permitted to pay dividends to us only out of their retained earnings, if
                    any, as determined in accordance with PRC accounting standards and regulations. Under PRC
                    law, each of our subsidiaries and the VIEs and their subsidiaries in China is required to set aside
                    at least 10% of its after-tax profits each year, if any, to fund certain statutory reserve funds
                    until such reserve funds reach 50% of its registered capital. In addition, each of our wholly
                    foreign-owned subsidiaries in China may allocate a portion of its after-tax profits based on PRC
                    accounting standards to enterprise expansion funds, staff bonuses and welfare funds at its
                    discretion, and the VIEs may allocate a portion of their after-tax profits based on PRC accounting
                    standards to a discretionary surplus fund at its discretion. The statutory reserve funds and the
                    discretionary funds are not distributable as cash dividends. Remittance of dividends by a wholly
                    foreign-owned company out of China is subject to examination by the banks designated by the
                    SAFE. Our PRC subsidiaries have not paid dividends and will not be able to pay dividends until they
                    generate accumulated profits and meet the requirements for statutory reserve funds. The VIEs
                    did not have any material assets or liabilities as of December 31, 2024. In the future, we expect (i)
                    Beijing NIO to focus on value-added telecommunications services, including, without limitation,
                    performing internet services as well as holding certain related licenses; (ii) Anhui NIO AT to focus
                    on assisted and intelligent driving services, including, without limitation, performing certain
                    services as well as holding certain related licenses; and (iii) Anhui NIO DT to focus on insurance
                    brokerage services, including, without limitation, performing insurance brokerage services as well
                    as holding certain related licenses through its subsidiary.


                   Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

                    Other than the guarantees provided to Battery Asset Company in relation to the BaaS model
                    as described in Note 2(r) to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this
                    annual report, we have not entered into any off-balance sheet financial guarantees or other
                    off-balance sheet commitments to guarantee the payment obligations of any third parties. We
                    have not entered into any derivative contracts that are indexed to our shares and classified
                    as shareholder’s equity or that are not reflected in our consolidated financial statements.
                    Furthermore, we do not have any retained or contingent interest in assets transferred to an
                    unconsolidated entity that serves as credit, liquidity or market risk support to such entity. We
                    do not have any variable interest in any unconsolidated entity that provides financing, liquidity,
                    market risk or credit support to us or engages in leasing, hedging or product development services
                    with us.


                 C. Research and Development, Patents and Licenses, etc.

                    See “Item 4. Information on the Company – B. Business Overview – Intellectual Property.”




214   NIO Inc.
                                                                                             PART I


D. Trend Information

   Other than as disclosed elsewhere in this annual report, we are not aware of any trends,
   uncertainties, demands, commitments or events for the current fiscal year that are reasonably
   likely to have a material effect on our net revenues, income, profitability, liquidity or capital
   resources, or that would cause the disclosed financial information to be not necessarily indicative
   of future operating results or financial conditions.


E. Critical Accounting Estimates

   We prepare our consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, which requires
   our management to make estimates that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities and
   disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the balance sheet dates, as well as the reported
   amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. To the extent that there are
   material differences between these estimates and actual results, our financial condition or results
   of operations would be affected. We base our estimates on our own historical experience and
   other assumptions that we believe are reasonable after taking account of our circumstances and
   expectations for the future based on available information. We evaluate these estimates on an
   ongoing basis.


   We consider an accounting estimate to be critical if: (i) the accounting estimate requires us to
   make assumptions about matters that were highly uncertain at the time the accounting estimate
   was made, and (ii) changes in the estimate that are reasonably likely to occur from period to
   period or use of different estimates that we reasonably could have used in the current period,
   would have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. There are other
   items within our financial statements that require estimation but are not deemed critical, as
   defined above. Changes in estimates used in these and other items could have a material impact
   on our financial statements. For a detailed discussion of our significant accounting policies and
   related judgments, see Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this
   annual report.


   Warranty liabilities

   We accrue a warranty reserve for all new vehicles that we sell, which includes our best estimate
   of the projected costs to repair or replace items under warranties. These estimates are based
   on actual claims incurred to date and an estimate of the nature, frequency and costs of future
   claims. These estimates are inherently uncertain given our relatively short history of sales, and
   changes to the historical or projected warranty experience may cause material changes to the
   warranty reserve when we accumulate more actual data and experience in the future.


   The portion of the warranty reserve expected to be incurred within the next 12 months is included
   within accruals and other liabilities, while the remaining balance is included within other non-
   current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. Warranty expense is recorded as a
   component of cost of revenues in the consolidated statements of comprehensive loss.


   We do not consider standard warranty as being a separate performance obligation as it is intended
   to provide assurance that a product complies with agreed-upon specifications and is not viewed
   as a distinct obligation. Accordingly, standard warranty is accounted for in accordance with ASC
   460, Guarantees.
                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024      215
      PART I


      ITEM 6. DIRECTORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT AND EMPLOYEES
                 A. Directors and Executive Officers

                    The following table sets forth information regarding our executive officers and directors as of the
                    date of this annual report.


                    Directors and Executive Officers            Age           Position/Title

                    Bin Li                                      50            Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
                    Lihong Qin                                  51            Director and President
                    Feng Shen                                   61            Executive Vice President
                    Xin Zhou                                    54            Executive Vice President
                    Yu Qu                                       46            Chief Financial Officer
                    Ganesh V. Iyer                              57            Chief Executive Officer of NIO U.S.
                    Hai Wu                                      56            Independent Director
                    Denny Ting Bun Lee                          57            Independent Director
                    Yu Long                                     52            Independent Director
                    Yonggang Wen                                47            Independent Director
                    Eddy Georges Skaf                           51            Non-Executive Director
                    Nicholas Paul Collins                       50            Non-Executive Director

                    Mr. Bin Li is our founder and has served as chairman of the board since our inception and our
                    chief executive officer since March 2018. Since February 2015, Mr. Li has served as a director of
                    Dida Inc. (HKEX: 2559), an online shared mobility company. Since July 2021, Mr. Li has served as
                    a director of Uxin Limited (Nasdaq: UXIN), a leading e-commerce platform for buying and selling
                    used cars in China. In 2000, Mr. Li co-founded Beijing Bitauto E-Commerce Co., Ltd. and served
                    as its director and president until 2006. From 2010 to 2020, Mr. Li served as chairman of the
                    board of directors at Bitauto Holdings Limited (previously listed on NYSE with stock code BITA),
                    a former NYSE-listed automobile service company and a leading automobile service provider in
                    China. In 2002, Mr. Li co-founded Beijing Creative & Interactive Digital Technology Co., Ltd. as the
                    chairman of the board of directors and had served as its president and director. Mr. Li received his
                    bachelor’s degree in sociology from Peking University.


                    Mr. Lihong Qin is our co-founder and has served as our director and our president since our
                    inception. Prior to joining us, Mr. Qin served as chief marketing officer and executive director at
                    Longfor Properties Co., Ltd. (HKEX: 960), a leading company involved in property development
                    and investment in China, from 2008 to 2014. He also served as deputy general manager at Anhui
                    Chery Automobile Sales and Service Company from 2005 to 2008, as senior consultant and project
                    manager at Roland Berger Strategy Consultants from 2003 to 2005. Mr. Qin received his bachelor’s
                    degree and a master’s degree in law from Peking University in 1996 and 1999, respectively, and a
                    master’s degree in public policy from Harvard University in 2001.




216   NIO Inc.
                                                                                           PART I


Mr. Feng Shen joined our company in December 2017, and currently serves as our executive vice
president and chairman of quality management committee. Mr. Shen worked in several senior
executive management roles, such as president of Polestar China and global chief technology
officer at Polestar, president at Volvo Cars China R&D Company, vice president of Volvo Cars Asia-
Pacific Operation, and chairman at China-Sweden Traffic Safety Research Center from 2010 to
2017. Prior to that, Mr. Shen served in various roles, including powertrain manager and six-sigma
quality management master, at Ford Motor Company (NYSE: F) from 1999 to 2010 in the United
States and China. Mr. Shen received a bachelor’s degree in mathematics and mechanics and a
master’s degree in applied mechanics from Fudan University in 1984 and 1987, respectively. He
also received a doctoral degree in mechanical engineering from Auburn University in 1996.


Mr. Xin Zhou joined our company in April 2015. He has served as the chairman of product
committee since 2017, and currently serves as our executive vice president. Prior to joining our
company, Mr. Zhou served as executive director at Qoros Automotive Co., Ltd. from September
2009 to April 2015. Prior to that, he was the engagement manager of McKinsey & Co. from April
2007 to August 2009, and executive director of Lear Corp. (NYSE: LEA) from May 1998 to April
2007. From 1995 to 1998, Mr. Zhou worked at General Motors China Inc. Mr. Zhou received a
bachelor’s degree in applied science from Fudan University in 1992 and a master’s degree in
business administration from China Europe International Business School in 2008.


Mr. Yu Qu joined our Company in October 2016, and currently serves as our Chief Financial
Officer. Prior to joining NIO, Mr. Qu held various financial leadership roles at leading multinational
companies including Lear Corporation and Johnson Controls, from 2013 to 2016. Before that, he
worked at PricewaterhouseCoopers for ten years. Mr. Qu holds a bachelor’s degree in accounting
from Peking University and a Master’s Degree in Accounting from Shanghai University of Finance
and Economics.


Mr. Ganesh V. Iyer joined our company in April 2016. He has served as the chief executive officer
of NIO U.S. since December 2018. Mr. Iyer has over 35 years of experience delivering results
in various industries including autonomous technology, hi-tech, manufacturing, and telecom.
Mr. Iyer worked as vice president of Information Technology at Tesla Inc. (Nasdaq: TSLA) until
2016. Prior to Tesla, where he served as vice president of Information Technology, Mr. Iyer joined
VMWare (NYSE: VMW) in 2010 and held senior information technology leadership roles at VMWare.
Prior to VMWare, Mr. Iyer served as director of information technology at Juniper Networks (NYSE:
JNPR) and WebEx and worked in consulting primarily at Electronic Data Systems. Mr. Iyer received
a bachelor’s degree in chemical engineering from the University of Calicut in India.




                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024      217
      PART I


                 Mr. Hai Wu has served as our independent director since July 2016. Mr. Wu has served as a
                 managing partner of Cenova Capital since May 2019. He has extensive experience in investments
                 and management. Prior to Cenova Capital, Mr. Wu served as an executive director of China at
                 Temasek Holdings Advisors (Beijing) Co., Ltd. since April 2014. Prior to that, Mr. Wu was the chief
                 executive officer at Ramaxel Technology (Shenzhen) Limited from April 2012 to February 2014
                 and a managing director at CITIC Private Equity Funds Management Co., Ltd. from March 2010
                 to May 2012. Prior to that, Mr. Wu had served at Beijing Branch office of McKinsey & Company
                 for more than ten years and was appointed as the global director and managing partner until
                 February 2010. He also served as a non-executive director of COFCO Meat Holdings Limited (HKEX:
                 1610) from September 2015 to December 2017. He received a bachelor’s degree in physiology
                 from Peking University, a master’s degree in business administration from the Johnson School
                 of Management, Cornell University and a doctoral degree in biomedical science from Rutgers
                 University.


                 Mr. Denny Ting Bun Lee has served as our independent director since September 2018. Mr. Lee
                 currently serves as the chairman of the audit committees and an independent non-executive
                 director of the boards of New Oriental Education & Technology Group Inc. (NYSE: EDU; HKEX:
                 9901) and Jianpu Technology Inc. (OTCQB: AIJTY). From April 2002 to June 2022, Mr. Lee served
                 as a director of NetEase, Inc., formerly known as NetEase.com, Inc., which is listed on the Nasdaq
                 Global Select Market (Nasdaq: NTES) and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (HKEX: 9999). He was
                 the chief financial officer of NetEase.com, Inc. from April 2002 to June 2007 and its financial
                 controller from November 2001 to April 2002. Prior to joining NetEase.com, Inc., Mr. Lee worked
                 in the Hong Kong office of KPMG for more than ten years. Mr. Lee graduated from the Hong
                 Kong Polytechnic University with a professional diploma in accounting and is a member of The
                 Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and The Chartered Association of Certified
                 Accountants.


                 Ms. Yu Long has served as our independent director since July 2021. Ms. Long currently serves as
                 the Founding and Managing Partner of BAI Capital. She also serves as a member of Bertelsmann
                 Group Management Committee and the governor of China Venture Capital and Private Equity
                 Association. Formerly, Ms. Long was the chief executive officer of Bertelsmann China Corporate
                 Center and the managing partner of Bertelsmann Asia Investments. Prior to that, she was a
                 Principal at Bertelsmann Digital Media Investments. She joined the international media, services,
                 and education company via the Bertelsmann Entrepreneurs Program in 2005. Ms. Long is a
                 member of the World Economic Forum’s Young Global Leaders Advisory Council and its Global
                 Agenda Council on the Future of Media, Entertainment & Information and was a member of the
                 Stanford Graduate School of Business Advisory Council from May 2015 to May 2021. Ms. Long
                 serves as an independent director on the board of directors of Tapestry Inc. (NYSE: TPR, its
                 portfolio includes Coach, Stuart Weitzman and Kate Spade) and an independent non-executive
                 director of the boards of the Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited. Ms. Long
                 received a bachelor’s degree in electrical engineering from University of Electronic Science and
                 Technology in China and an MBA from Stanford Graduate School of Business.




218   NIO Inc.
                                                                                          PART I


Mr. Yonggang Wen has served as our independent director since November 2023. Mr. Wen
currently serves as a Full Professor and President’s Chair of Computer Science and Engineering
at Nanyang Technological University, Singapore. He is a Fellow of the Institute of Electrical and
Electronics Engineers (IEEE, the world’s largest technical professional organization), a Fellow of
Singapore Academy of Engineering, and a Distinguished Member of Association for Computing
Machinery. He also serves as the Director of the Centre for Computational Technologies in
Finance, and has been the Associate Provost (Graduate Education) and Dean of Graduate College
at Nanyang Technological University since January 2024. Mr. Wen has served as a non-executive
director of Red Dot Analytics Pte Ltd in Singapore since 2016. His career has been marked by
pioneering work in applying learning-based techniques to system prototyping and performance
optimization for large-scale networked computer systems. He has received numerous awards
for his contributions, including the 2020 IEEE Industrial Technical Excellence Award, the 2019
Nanyang Research Award and the 2016 Nanyang Award in Innovation and Entrepreneurship.
Professor Wen also has a strong record of leadership in academic and research roles, including
serving as the Chair for IEEE ComSoc Multimedia Communication Technical Committee from
2014 to 2016 and the Editor in Chief of IEEE Transactions on Multimedia currently. Professor Wen
received his PhD in electrical engineering and computer science from Massachusetts Institute of
Technology in 2008.


Mr. Eddy Georges Skaf has served as our non-executive director since February 2024. Mr. Skaf
has held the position of chief investment officer at CYVN Holdings L.L.C. since May 2023. He
also acts as directors of a number of affiliates of CYVN Holdings L.L.C., including McLaren Group
Holdings Limited, Forseven Limited, and CYVN Investments RSC Ltd. Previously, from August 2019
to May 2023, Mr. Skaf served as a senior advisor to Digital Infrastructure at Mubadala. Before this,
he served as the chief strategy officer at Emirates Integrated Telecom Company (du) from August
2017 to May 2019. Mr. Skaf received his bachelor’s degree in computer and communication
engineering from American University of Beirut in 1995, and his master’s degree of business
administration in business administration and management and master’s degree of science in
management information systems from Boston University in 2000.


Mr. Nicholas Paul Collins has served as our non-executive director since February 2024. Mr.
Collins has served as the chief executive officer of Forseven Limited since January 2024 and as the
chief executive officer of McLaren Group Holdings Limited since April 2025. Prior to these roles,
Mr. Collins worked at Jaguar Land Rover from March 2015 to December 2023 in various capacities,
including a director of both Jaguar Land Rover Limited and Jaguar Land Rover Holdings Limited,
and an executive director of vehicle programs at Jaguar Land Rover Limited. Mr. Collins began
his career in the automotive industry in 1993 and has extensive experience in global product
development, product and business strategy, and vehicle development and launch across Ford
Motor Company and Jaguar Land Rover. Mr. Collins received his master’s degree in mechanical
engineering from University of Nottingham in 1998, and an MBA from Henley Management College
in 2004.




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2024      219
      PART I


                 B. Compensation

                   For the year ended December 31, 2024, we paid an aggregate of approximately US$2.8 million
                   in cash to our directors and executive officers. For share incentive grants to our directors and
                   executive officers, see “–Stock Incentive Plans.” We have not set aside or accrued any amount
                   to provide pension, retirement or other similar benefits to our directors and executive officers.
                   Our PRC subsidiaries and the VIEs are required by law to make contributions equal to certain
                   percentages of each employee’s salary for his or her pension insurance, medical insurance,
                   unemployment insurance and other statutory benefits and a housing provident fund.


                   Employment Agreements and Indemnification Agreements

                   We have entered into employment agreements with each of our executive officers. Under
                   these agreements, each of our executive officers is employed for a specified time period. For
                   the executive officers who joined our company prior to September 2018, we may terminate
                   employment for cause, at any time, without advance notice or remuneration, for certain acts of
                   such executive officer, such as conviction or plea of guilty to a felony or any crime involving moral
                   turpitude, negligent or dishonest acts to our detriment, or misconduct or a failure to perform
                   agreed duties. In such case of termination, we will provide severance payments to the executive
                   officer as expressly required by applicable law of the jurisdiction where the executive officer is
                   based.


                   Each executive officer has agreed to hold, both during and after the termination or expiry of
                   the executive officer’s employment agreement, in strict confidence and not to use, except as
                   required in the performance of the executive officer’s duties in connection with the executive
                   officer’s employment or pursuant to applicable law, any of our confidential information or trade
                   secrets, any confidential information or trade secrets of our clients or prospective clients, or the
                   confidential or proprietary information of any third party that we received and for which we have
                   confidential obligations. The executive officers have also agreed to disclose in confidence to us all
                   inventions, designs and trade secrets which they conceive, develop or reduce to practice during
                   the executive officer’s employment with us and to assign all right, title and interest in them to
                   us, and assist us in obtaining and enforcing patents, copyrights and other legal rights for these
                   inventions, designs and trade secrets.


                   In addition, each executive officer has agreed to be bound by non-competition and non-solicitation
                   restrictions during the term of the executive officer’s employment and typically for one year
                   following the last date of employment. Specifically, each executive officer has agreed not to (i)
                   approach our suppliers, clients, customers or contacts or other persons or entities introduced to
                   the executive officer in the executive officer’s capacity as a representative of us for the purpose of
                   doing business with such persons or entities that will harm our business relationships with these
                   persons or entities; (ii) assume employment with or provide services to any of our competitors,
                   or engage, whether as principal, partner, licensor or otherwise, with any of our competitors,
                   without our express consent; or (iii) seek directly or indirectly, to solicit the services of any of our
                   employees who we employed on or after the date of the executive officer’s termination, or in the
                   year preceding such termination, without our express consent.




220   NIO Inc.
                                                                                           PART I


We have also entered into indemnification agreements with each of our directors and each of our
executive officers who joined our company prior to September 2018. Under these agreements, we
agree to indemnify our directors and executive officers against certain liabilities and expenses
incurred by such persons in connection with claims made by reason of their being a director or
officer of our company.


Stock Incentive Plans

We adopted share incentive plans in 2015, 2016, 2017, 2018 and 2024, which we refer to as the
2015 Plan, the 2016 Plan, the 2017 Plan, the 2018 Plan and the 2024 Plan, respectively. The 2018
Plan expired on December 31, 2023. All of the others remain effective. The terms of the 2015 Plan,
the 2016 Plan and the 2017 Plan are substantially similar, and the terms of the 2018 Plan and
the 2024 Plan are substantially similar. The purpose of our stock incentive plans is to attract and
retain the best available personnel, to provide additional incentives to our employees, directors
and consultants and to promote the success of our business. Our board of directors believes that
our long-term success is dependent upon our ability to attract and retain superior individuals who,
by virtue of their ability and qualifications, make important contributions to our business.


The maximum number of Class A ordinary shares which may be issued pursuant to all awards
are 46,264,378 under the 2015 Plan, 18,000,000 under the 2016 Plan and 33,000,000 under the
2017 Plan. The maximum number of shares available for issuance pursuant to all awards under
the 2018 Plan was initially 23,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, and the amount automatically
increased at the beginning of each new year by the number of shares representing 1.5% of
the then total issued and outstanding share capital of our company as of the end of the prior
year during the term of the 2018 Plan. The maximum number of shares available for issuance
pursuant to all awards under the 2024 Plan was initially 19,288,470 Class A ordinary shares, and
the amount automatically increases at the beginning of each new year by the number of shares
representing 1.2% of the then total issued and outstanding share capital of our company as of
the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal year during the term of the 2024 Plan. In addition,
any awards not granted under an earlier plan when it terminates are automatically added to the
2024 Plan. As of April 7, 2025, awards to purchase an aggregate amount of 115,271,729 Class A
ordinary shares under the 2015 Plan, the 2016 Plan, the 2017 Plan, the 2018 Plan and the 2024
Plan had been granted and were outstanding, excluding awards that were forfeited or cancelled
after the grant dates.


The following paragraphs describe the principal terms of the 2015 Plan, the 2016 Plan and the
2017 Plan.


Types of Awards . These three plans permit the awards of options, restricted shares, restricted
share units, share appreciation rights, dividend equivalent right or other right or benefit under
each plan.




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2024     221
      PART I


                 Plan Administration . Our board of directors or a committee of one or more members of the board
                 of directors or officers administer these three plans. The committee or the full board of directors,
                 as applicable, will determine the grantees to receive awards, the type and number of awards to be
                 granted to each grantee, and the terms and conditions of each award grant.


                 Award Agreement . Awards granted under these three plans are evidenced by an award agreement
                 that sets forth terms, conditions and limitations for each award, which may include the term of the
                 award, the provisions applicable in the event that the grantee’s employment or service terminates,
                 and our authority to unilaterally or bilaterally amend the award.


                 Eligibility . We may grant awards to our employees, consultants and directors.


                 Vesting Schedule . Except as approved by the plan administrator, options to be issued to the
                 grantees under these three plans shall be subject to a minimum four (4) year vesting schedule
                 calling for vesting no earlier than the following, counting from the applicable grant date or vesting
                 commencement date (as determined by the plan administrator) with respect to the total issued
                 options: the option representing 25% of the Class A ordinary shares under the option shall vest at
                 the end of the first twelve (12) months commencing from the vesting commencement date, with
                 remaining portions vesting in equal monthly installments over the next thirty-six (36) months.


                 Exercise of Options . The plan administrator determines the exercise price for each award, which is
                 stated in the relevant award agreement. Options that are vested and exercisable will terminate if
                 they are not exercised prior to the time as the plan administrator determines at the time of grant.
                 However, in the case of an option granted to an employee who, at the time the option is granted,
                 owns (or, pursuant to Section 424(d) of the U.S. Code, is deemed to own) stock representing more
                 than 10% of the total combined voting power of all classes of shares of us or our subsidiary or
                 affiliate, the term of the option will not be longer than ten years from the date of grant under the
                 2017 Plan, or five years from the date of grant under the 2015 Plan and the 2016 Plan.


                 Transfer Restrictions. Awards shall be transferable, subject to applicable laws, (i) by will and by
                 the laws of descent and distribution and (ii) during the lifetime of the grantee, to the extent and in
                 the manner authorized by the plan administrator. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the grantee may
                 designate one or more beneficiaries of the grantee’s award in the event of the grantee’s death on a
                 beneficiary designation form provided by the plan administrator.


                 Termination and Amendment of the Plan. Unless terminated earlier or extended before expiration,
                 each of these three plans has a term of ten years. The board of directors has the authority to
                 terminate, amend or modify any or all of these three plans; provided , however , that no such
                 amendment shall be made without the approval of our shareholders to the extent such approval
                 is required by applicable laws or provisions of the stock incentive plans. However, without the
                 prior written consent of the grantee, no such action may adversely affect any outstanding award
                 previously granted pursuant to the plan.




222   NIO Inc.
                                                                                          PART I


The following paragraphs describe the principal terms of the 2018 Plan before its expiration on
December 31, 2023.


Types of Awards . The 2018 Plan permits the awards of options, restricted shares or any other type
of awards that the committee grants.


Plan Administration . Our board of directors or a committee of one or more members of our board
of directors shall administer the 2018 Plan. The committee or the full board of directors, as
applicable, will determine the participants to receive awards, the type and number of awards to be
granted to each participant, and the terms and conditions of each award grant.


Award Agreement . Awards granted under the 2018 Plan are evidenced by an award agreement
that sets forth terms, conditions and limitations for each award, which may include the term of the
award, the provisions applicable in the event that the grantee’s employment or service terminates,
and our authority to unilaterally or bilaterally amend, modify, suspend, cancel or rescind the
award.


Eligibility . We may grant awards to the employees, directors and consultants of our company.
However, we may grant incentive share options only to our employees, parent and subsidiaries.


Vesting Schedule . In general, the plan administrator determines the vesting schedule, which is
specified in the relevant award agreement.


Exercise of Options . The plan administrator determines the exercise price for each award, which
is stated in the award agreement. The vested portion of an option will expire if not exercised prior
to the time as the plan administrator determines at the time of its grant. However, the maximum
exercisable term is five years from the date of a grant.


Transfer Restrictions . Awards may not be transferred in any manner by the grantee other than
by will or the laws of descent and distribution, except as otherwise determined by the plan
administrator.


Termination and amendment . Unless terminated earlier, the 2018 Plan has a term of five years
from January 1, 2019. Our board of directors has the authority to amend or terminate the plan.
However, no such action may adversely affect in any material way any awards previously granted
unless agreed by the grantee.


The following paragraphs describe the principal terms of the 2024 Plan.


Types of Awards . The 2024 Plan permits the awards of options, restricted shares or any other type
of awards that the committee grants.




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2024      223
      PART I


                 Plan Administration . Our board of directors or a committee of one or more members of our board
                 of directors shall administer the 2024 Plan. The committee or the full board of directors, as
                 applicable, shall determine the participants to receive awards, the type and number of awards to
                 be granted to each participant, and the terms and conditions of each award grant.


                 Award Agreement . Awards granted under the 2024 Plan are evidenced by an award agreement
                 that sets forth terms, conditions and limitations for each award, which may include the term of the
                 award, the provisions applicable in the event that the grantee’s employment or service terminates,
                 and our authority to unilaterally or bilaterally amend, modify, suspend, cancel or rescind the
                 award.


                 Eligibility . We may grant awards to the employees, directors and consultants of our company.
                 However, we may grant incentive share options only to our employees, parent and subsidiaries.


                 Vesting Schedule . In general, the plan administrator determines the vesting schedule, which is
                 specified in the relevant award agreement.


                 Exercise of Options . The plan administrator determines the exercise price for each award, which
                 is stated in the award agreement. The vested portion of an option will expire if not exercised prior
                 to the time as the plan administrator determines at the time of its grant. However, the maximum
                 exercisable term is ten years from the date of a grant.


                 Transfer Restrictions . Awards may not be transferred in any manner by the grantee other than
                 by will or the laws of descent and distribution, except as otherwise determined by the plan
                 administrator.


                 Termination and amendment . Unless terminated earlier, the 2024 Plan has a term of five years
                 from February 7, 2024. Our board of directors has the authority to amend or terminate the plans.
                 However, no such action may adversely affect in any material way any awards previously granted
                 unless agreed by the grantee.




224   NIO Inc.
                                                                                                  PART I


The following table summarizes, as of April 7, 2025, the awards granted under the 2015 Plan, the
2016 Plan, the 2017 Plan, the 2018 Plan and the 2024 Plan to several of our executive officers,
excluding awards that were forfeited or cancelled after the relevant grant dates.


                             Class A Ordinary
                           Shares Underlying
                                 Options and     Exercise Price
Name                   Restricted Share Units    (US$/Share**)         Date of Grant        Date of Expiration

Bin Li                            13,500,000              2.55         March 1, 2018         February 29, 2028
                                                           N/A         March 5, 2020
Lihong Qin                                 *              2.39          April 2, 2020             April 1, 2030
                                                          2.55     February 28, 2018         February 27, 2028
                                                          2.55      February 1, 2018         January 31, 2028
                                                           N/A         March 5, 2020
                                                           N/A       August 31, 2023
                                                           N/A     September 3, 2024
                                                           N/A     September 3, 2024
Xin Zhou                                   *              2.05    September 25, 2019       September 24, 2026
                                                          2.39          April 2, 2020             April 1, 2030
                                                          2.55     February 28, 2018         February 27, 2028
                                                          2.55      February 1, 2018         January 31, 2028
                                                           N/A         March 5, 2020
                                                           N/A       August 31, 2023
                                                           N/A     September 3, 2024
                                                           N/A     September 3, 2024
Denny Ting Bun Lee                         *               N/A    September 12, 2018
                                                           N/A       August 13, 2020
                                                           N/A    September 12, 2020
                                                           N/A     September 7, 2022
                                                           N/A     September 7, 2022
                                                           N/A         March 4, 2025
                                                           N/A    September 12, 2024
Hai Wu                                     *              3.61          May 29, 2019             May 29, 2026
                                                           N/A         June 10, 2021
                                                           N/A     November 3, 2023
Feng Shen                                  *                1.8   December 31, 2017         December 30, 2027
                                                          2.05    September 25, 2019       September 24, 2026
                                                          2.39          April 2, 2020             April 1, 2030
                                                          2.55      February 1, 2018         January 31, 2028
                                                           N/A         March 5, 2020
                                                           N/A       August 31, 2023
Yu Qu                                      *              0.61     December 1, 2016         November 30, 2026
                                                          1.94    November 13, 2019         November 12, 2026
                                                          2.05    September 25, 2019       September 24, 2026




                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2024        225
      PART I



                                                    Class A Ordinary
                                                  Shares Underlying
                                                        Options and           Exercise Price
                 Name                         Restricted Share Units          (US$/Share**)         Date of Grant     Date of Expiration

                                                                                       2.39          April 2, 2020         April 1, 2030
                                                                                       2.55      February 1, 2018      January 31, 2028
                                                                                       2.55     February 28, 2018     February 27, 2028
                                                                                       3.61          May 29, 2019          May 28, 2026
                                                                                        N/A         March 5, 2020
                                                                                        N/A    November 18, 2021
                                                                                        N/A          June 9, 2023
                                                                                        N/A       August 31, 2023
                                                                                        N/A          May 29, 2024
                                                                                        N/A     September 3, 2024
                                                                                        N/A     September 3, 2024
                 Ganesh V Iyer                                    *                    2.05    September 25, 2019    September 24, 2026
                                                                                       0.27           May 3, 2016           May 2, 2026
                                                                                       2.55         March 1, 2018     February 29, 2028
                                                                                       2.39          April 2, 2020         April 1, 2030
                                                                                        N/A       August 31, 2023
                 Yu Long                                          *                     N/A          July 12, 2021
                                                                                        N/A     November 3, 2023
                 Yonggang Wen                                     *                     N/A    November 13, 2023
                 Eddy Georges Skaf                                *                     N/A      February 7, 2024
                 Nicholas Paul Collins                            *                     N/A      February 7, 2024
                 Total                                   31,118,569


                 *   Less than one percent of our total outstanding shares.



                 As of April 7, 2025, non-executive officers and other grantees as a group held awards to purchase
                 86,529,391 Class A ordinary shares of our company. The exercise prices of the options outstanding
                 as of April 7, 2025 ranged from US$0.1 to US$48.45 per share.




226   NIO Inc.
                                                                                              PART I


C. Board Practices

  Board of Directors

   The board of directors of our company, or the board, consists of eight directors. A director is
   not required to hold any shares in our company by way of qualification. A director may vote with
   respect to any contract, proposed contract or arrangement in which he is interested provided (a)
   such director has declared the nature of his interest at the earliest meeting of the board at which
   it is practicable for him to do so, either specifically or by way of a general notice and (b) if such
   contract or arrangement is a transaction with a related party, such transaction has been approved
   by the audit committee. The directors may exercise all the powers of our company to borrow
   money, mortgage our company’s undertaking, property and uncalled capital, and issue debentures
   or other securities whenever money is borrowed or as security for any obligation of our company or
   of any third party. None of our non-executive directors has a service contract with us that provides
   for benefits upon termination of service.


  Committees of the Board of Directors

   We have established three committees under the board: an audit committee, a compensation
   committee and a nominating and ESG committee. We have adopted a charter (as amended from
   time to time) for each of the three committees. Each committee’s members and functions are
   described below.


  Audit Committee . Our audit committee consists of Denny Ting Bun Lee, Hai Wu and Yu Long.
   Denny Ting Bun Lee is the chairman of our audit committee. We have determined that Denny Ting
   Bun Lee, Hai Wu and Yu Long satisfy the “independence” requirements of Section 303A of the
   Corporate Governance Rules of the New York Stock Exchange and Rule 10A-3 under the Exchange
   Act. We have determined that Denny Ting Bun Lee qualifies as an “audit committee financial
   expert.” The audit committee oversees our accounting and financial reporting processes and the
   audits of the financial statements of our company. The audit committee is responsible for, among
   other things:


   •   appointing the independent auditors and pre-approving all auditing and non-auditing services
       permitted to be performed by the independent auditors;


   •   reviewing with the independent auditors any audit problems or difficulties and management’s
       response;


   •   discussing the annual audited financial statements with management and the independent
       auditors;




                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024      227
      PART I


                 •   reviewing the adequacy and effectiveness of our accounting and internal control policies and
                     procedures and any steps taken to monitor and control major financial risk exposures;


                 •   reviewing and approving all proposed related party transactions;


                 •   meeting separately and periodically with management and the independent auditors; and


                 •   monitoring compliance with our code of business conduct and ethics, including reviewing the
                     adequacy and effectiveness of our procedures to ensure proper compliance.


                 Compensation Committee . Our compensation committee consists of Hai Wu, Denny Ting Bun
                 Lee and Bin Li. Hai Wu is the chairman of our compensation committee. We have determined
                 that Hai Wu and Denny Ting Bun Lee satisfy the “independence” requirements of Section 303A of
                 the Corporate Governance Rules of the New York Stock Exchange. The compensation committee
                 assists the board in reviewing and approving the compensation structure, including all forms of
                 compensation, relating to our directors and executive officers. Our chief executive officer may
                 not be present at any committee meeting during which his compensation is deliberated. The
                 compensation committee is responsible for, among other things:


                 •   reviewing and approving, or recommending to the board for its approval, the compensation for
                     our chief executive officer and other executive officers;


                 •   reviewing and recommending to the board for determination with respect to the compensation
                     of our non-employee directors;


                 •   reviewing periodically and approving any incentive compensation or equity plans, programs or
                     similar arrangements; and


                 •   selecting any compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser only after taking into
                     consideration all factors to that person’s independence from management.


                 Nominating and ESG Committee . Our nominating and ESG committee consists of Yu Long, Hai
                 Wu and Denny Ting Bun Lee. Yu Long is the chairperson of our nominating and ESG committee.
                 Hai Wu, Denny Ting Bun Lee and Yu Long satisfy the “independence” requirements of Section
                 303A of the Corporate Governance Rules of the New York Stock Exchange. The nominating and
                 ESG committee assists the board in selecting individuals qualified to become our directors and in
                 determining the composition of the board and its committees. The nominating and ESG committee
                 is responsible for, among other things:


                 •   selecting and recommending to the board nominees for election by the shareholders or
                     appointment by the board;


                 •   reviewing annually with the board the current composition of the board with regards to
                     characteristics such as independence, knowledge, skills, experience and diversity;




228   NIO Inc.
                                                                                          PART I


•   making recommendations on the frequency and structure of board meetings and monitoring
    the functioning of the committees of the board;


•   advising the board periodically with regard to significant developments in the law and practice
    of corporate governance as well as our compliance with applicable laws and regulations, and
    making recommendations to the board on all matters of corporate governance and on any
    remedial action to be taken;


•   providing advice on ESG matters to management, and discussing with management and
    approving, or recommending to the board for approval, our company’s initiatives, objectives,
    strategies and targets for ESG matters; and


•   reviewing and monitoring our company’s progress toward achieving approved ESG objectives
    and targets.


Duties of Directors

Under Cayman Islands law, our directors owe fiduciary duties to our company, including a duty
to act honestly, and a duty to act in good faith. The directors must act bona fide in what they
consider to be in our best interests. Our directors must also exercise their powers only for a
proper purpose. Our directors also have a duty to act with skills they actually possess and
exercise the care and diligence that would be displayed by a reasonable director in comparable
circumstances. It was previously considered that a director need not exhibit in the performance
of his duties a greater degree of skill than may reasonably be expected from a person of his
knowledge and experience. However, English and Commonwealth courts have moved towards an
objective standard with regard to the required skill and care and these authorities are likely to
be followed in the Cayman Islands. In fulfilling their duty of care to us, our directors must ensure
compliance with our thirteenth amended and restated memorandum and articles of association,
as amended and restated from time to time, and the class rights vested thereunder in the holders
of the shares. Our directors owe their fiduciary duties to our company and not to our company’s
individual shareholders, and it is our company which has the right to seek damages if a duty owed
by our directors is breached. In certain limited exceptional circumstances, a shareholder may have
the right to seek damages in our name if a duty owed by our directors is breached.


Our board of directors has all the powers necessary for managing, and for directing and
supervising, our business affairs. The functions and powers of our board of directors include,
among others:


•   convening shareholders’ annual and extraordinary general meetings and reporting its work to
    shareholders at such meetings;


•   declaring dividends and other distributions;


•   appointing officers and determining the term of office of the officers;




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2024      229
      PART I


                   •   exercising the borrowing powers of our company and mortgaging the property of our company;
                       and


                   •   approving the transfer of shares in our company, including the registration of such shares in
                       our share register.


                   Terms of Directors and Officers

                   Our directors are not subject to a term of office (unless there is any written agreement between
                   our company and such director) and hold office until such time as they are removed from office
                   by ordinary resolution of the shareholders or by the board pursuant to our thirteenth amended
                   and restated memorandum and articles of association. The office of a director shall be vacated if,
                   among other things, the director (i) becomes bankrupt or makes any arrangement or composition
                   with his creditors; (ii) resigns his office by notice in writing to our company; or (iii) dies or is found
                   to be or becomes of unsound mind. In addition, for so long as our Class A ordinary shares are
                   listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, our independent directors are subject to retirement by
                   rotation at least once every three years and eligible for re-election at our annual general meeting.


                   Our officers are appointed by and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, and may be
                   removed by our board of directors.


                 D. Employees

                   As of December 31, 2022, 2023 and 2024, we had 26,763, 32,820 and 45,635 full-time employees.
                   The following table sets forth the numbers of our employees categorized by function as of
                   December 31, 2024.


                                                                                                                      As of
                                                                                                      December 31, 2024

                   User experience (sales and marketing and service)                                                24,410
                   Product and software development                                                                 11,528
                   Manufacturing                                                                                     7,441
                   General administration                                                                            2,256
                   Total number of employees                                                                        45,635


                   Our employees have set up labor unions in China according to the related Chinese labor law.
                   To date, we have not experienced any labor strike, and we consider our relationship with our
                   employees to be good.


                   We provide competitive level of salary and other employee benefits to our employees. Every
                   employee beneficially owns shares in our company. We provide employees with a wide range of
                   benefits, including but not limited to employees’ commercial insurance, physical examinations,
                   vocational training and holiday benefits. We aim to create a warm, safe and secure working
                   environment for everyone.




230   NIO Inc.
                                                                                                  PART I


E. Share Ownership

  Except as specifically noted, the following table sets forth information with respect to the
  beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares as of April 7, 2025 with respect to:


  •    each of our directors and executive officers; and


  •    each person known to us to own beneficially more than 5% of our ordinary shares.


  The calculations in the table below are based on 2,245,990,598 ordinary shares outstanding as of
  April 7, 2025, comprising of 2,097,490,598 Class A ordinary shares (excluding 18,610,625 Class A
  ordinary shares issued and reserved for future issuance upon the exercising or vesting of awards
  granted under our stock incentive plans) and 148,500,000 Class C ordinary shares.


  Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC. In
  computing the number of shares beneficially owned by a person and the percentage ownership
  of that person, we have included shares that the person has the right to acquire within 60 days,
  including through the exercise of any option, warrant, or other right or the conversion of any other
  security. These shares, however, are not included in the computation of the percentage ownership
  of any other person.


                                           Class A        Class C          Total
                                          ordinary       ordinary       ordinary                       % of
                                            shares         shares         shares         % of     aggregate
                                       beneficially   beneficially   beneficially   beneficial       voting
                                            owned          owned          owned     ownership       power†

  Directors and Executive
      Officers**:
  Bin Li(1)                             30,467,776    148,500,000    178,967,776           7.9         36.7
  Lihong Qin                                     *              –              *            *            *
  Feng Shen                                      *              –              *            *            *
  Xin Zhou                                       *              –              *            *            *
  Yu Qu                                          *              –              *            *            *
  Ganesh V. Iyer(2)                              *              –              *            *            *
  Hai Wu   (3)
                                                 *              –              *            *            *
  Denny Ting Bun Lee(4)                          *              –              *            *            *
  Yu Long     (5)
                                                 *              –              *            *            *
  Yonggang Wen(6)                                *              –              *            *            *
  Eddy Georges Skaf     (7)
                                                 *              –              *            *            *
  Nicholas Paul Collins(8)                       *              –              *            *            *
  All Directors and Executive
      Officers as a Group               50,013,900    148,500,000    198,513,900          8.8          37.1
  Principal Shareholders:
  Founder vehicles(9)                   16,967,776    148,500,000    165,467,776           7.4         36.7
  CYVN Investments RSC Ltd      (10)
                                       418,833,157              –    418,833,157         18.6          12.7



                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2024   231
      PART I


                 *   Less than 1% of our total outstanding shares.

                 ** Except where otherwise disclosed in the footnotes below, the business address of all the directors and executive officers
                    is Building 19, No. 1355, Caobao Road, Minhang District, Shanghai, People’s Republic of China.

                 †   For each person and group included in this column, percentage of voting power is calculated by dividing the voting power
                     beneficially owned by such person or group by the voting power of all of our Class A and Class C ordinary shares as a
                     single class. Each holder of our Class A ordinary shares is entitled to one vote per share and each holder of our Class
                     C ordinary shares is entitled to eight votes per share on all matters submitted to them for a vote. Our Class A ordinary
                     shares and Class C ordinary shares vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our shareholders,
                     except as may otherwise be required by law.

                 (1) Represents (i) 13,500,000 Class A ordinary shares issuable to Mr. Bin Li upon exercise of options within 60 days of April 7,
                     2025, (ii) 89,013,451 Class C ordinary shares held by Originalwish Limited, a British Virgin Islands company wholly owned
                     by Mr. Bin Li, (iii) 26,454,325 Class C ordinary shares held by mobike Global Ltd., a British Virgin Islands company wholly
                     owned by Mr. Bin Li, and (iv) 16,967,776 Class A ordinary shares and 33,032,224 Class C ordinary shares held by NIO
                     Users Limited, a holding company controlled by NIO Users Trust, which is under the control of Mr. Bin Li, among which
                     14,967,776 Class A ordinary shares and 33,032,224 Class C ordinary shares were held on record by NIO Users Limited and
                     2,000,000 Class A ordinary shares were held on record by NIO Users Community Limited, a British Virgin Islands company
                     wholly owned by NIO Users Limited.

                 (2) The business address of Mr. Iyer is 3151 Zanker Road, San Jose, CA 95134.

                 (3) The business address of Mr. Wu is No. 53, Gaoyou Road, Xuhui District, Shanghai, People’s Republic of China.

                 (4) The business address of Mr. Lee is No. 4 Dianthus Road, Yau Yat Chuen, Kowloon, Hong Kong.

                 (5) The business address of Ms. Long is Unit 1610, 16th Floor, West Tower, Genesis Beijing, 8 Xinyuan South Road, Chaoyang
                     District, Beijing 100027, People’s Republic of China.

                 (6) The business address of Mr. Wen is N4-02c-95, Nanyang Avenue, Singapore 639798.

                 (7) The business address of Mr. Skaf is Maryah Tower, 18th Floor, Al Maryah Island, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates.

                 (8) The business address of Mr. Collins is Forseven Limited, 1st Floor Northfield House, Broadford Park, Guildford, Surrey,
                     GU4 8EP.

                 (9) Represents (i) 89,013,451 Class C ordinary shares held by Originalwish Limited, a British Virgin Islands company wholly
                     owned by Mr. Bin Li, (ii) 26,454,325 Class C ordinary shares held by mobike Global Ltd., a British Virgin Islands company
                     wholly owned by Mr. Bin Li, and (iii) 16,967,776 Class A ordinary shares and 33,032,224 Class C ordinary shares held
                     by NIO Users Limited, a holding company controlled by NIO Users Trust, which is under the control of Mr. Bin Li, among
                     which ordinary shares 14,967,776 Class A ordinary shares and 33,032,224 Class C ordinary shares were held on record by
                     NIO Users Limited and 2,000,000 Class A ordinary shares were held on record by NIO Users Community Limited, a British
                     Virgin Islands company wholly owned by NIO Users Limited. The registered address of Originalwish Limited and mobike
                     Global Ltd. is Sertus Chambers, P.O. Box 905, Quastisky Building, Road Town, Tortola, British Virgin Islands. The registered
                     address of NIO Users Limited is Maples Corporate Services (BVI) Limited, Kingston Chambers, PO Box 173, Road Town,
                     Tortola, British Virgin Islands.




232   NIO Inc.
                                                                                                                PART I


   (10) Represents 418,833,157 Class A ordinary shares held by CYVN Investments RSC Ltd, according to the statement on
        Schedule 13D/A filed on February 28, 2024 by CYVN Investments RSC Ltd. CYVN Investments RSC Ltd is a restricted scope
        company incorporated in the Abu Dhabi Global Market, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates, and is wholly-owned by the
        Government of Abu Dhabi represented by the Abu Dhabi Department of Finance. The principal business address of CYVN
        Investments RSC Ltd is Office at Maryah Tower, 18th Floor, Al Maryah Island, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates.


   As of April 7, 2025, to our knowledge, 536,590,738 of our Class A ordinary shares were held by
   one record holder in the United States, which was Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, the
   depositary of our ADR program. The number of beneficial owners of our ADSs in the United States
   is likely to be much larger than the number of record holders of our ordinary shares in the United
   States. We are not aware of any arrangement that may, at a subsequent date, result in a change
   of control of our company.


   Currently, our ordinary shares consist of Class A ordinary shares and Class C ordinary shares.
   Holders of Class A ordinary shares are entitled to one vote per share, and holders of Class
   C ordinary shares are entitled to eight votes per share. We issued Class A ordinary shares
   represented by our ADSs in our initial public offering in September 2018. Holders of our Class
   C ordinary shares may choose to convert their respective Class C ordinary shares into the same
   number of Class A ordinary shares at any time. Class A ordinary shares are not convertible into
   Class C ordinary shares under any circumstance. See “Item 10. Additional Information – B.
   Memorandum and Articles of Association” for a more detailed description of our ordinary shares.


F. Disclosure of Registrant’s Action to Recover Erroneously Awarded Compensation

   Not applicable.




                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2024          233
      PART I


      ITEM 7. MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS AND RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
                 A. Major Shareholders

                    See “Item 6. Directors, Senior Management and Employees – E. Share Ownership.”


                 B. Related Party Transactions

                    Contractual Arrangements with The VIEs and Their Shareholders

                    See “Item 4. Information on the Company – C. Organizational Structure.”


                    Shareholders Agreement and Registration Rights

                    We entered into a shareholders agreement and a right of first refusal and co-sale agreement on
                    November 10, 2017 with our shareholders.


                    The shareholders agreement and right of first refusal and co-sale agreement (i) provided for
                    certain special rights, including right of first refusal, co-sale rights and preemptive rights and (ii)
                    contained provisions governing board of directors and other corporate governance matters. These
                    special rights and corporate governance provisions automatically terminated upon the closing of
                    the initial public offering of our ADSs on September 12, 2018.


                    Pursuant to our shareholders agreement dated November 10, 2017, we have granted certain
                    registration rights to those shareholders who are parties to that agreement. Set forth below is a
                    description of the registration rights granted under the agreement.


                    Demand Registration Rights . Holders holding 10% or more of the voting power of the then
                    outstanding registrable securities held by all holders are entitled to request in writing that we
                    effect a registration statement for any or all of the registrable securities of the initiating holders.
                    We have the right to defer filing of a registration statement for a period of not more than 90 days
                    if our board of directors determines in good faith judgment that filing of a registration statement
                    in the near future will be materially detrimental to us or our shareholders, but we cannot exercise
                    the deferral right on any one occasion or more than once during any twelve-month period and
                    cannot register any other securities during such period. We are not obligated to effect more
                    than two demand registrations. Further, if the registrable securities are offered by means of an
                    underwritten offering, and the managing underwriter advises us that marketing factors require a
                    limitation of the number of securities to be underwritten, the underwriters may decide to exclude
                    up to 75% of the registrable securities requested to be registered but only after first excluding all
                    other equity securities from the registration and underwritten offering, provided that the number
                    of shares to be included in the registration on behalf of the non-excluded holders is allocated
                    among all holders in proportion to the respective amounts of registrable securities requested by
                    such holders to be included.




234   NIO Inc.
                                                                                           PART I


Registration on Form F-3 or Form S-3 . Any holder is entitled to request us to file a registration
statement on Form F-3 or Form S-3 if we qualify for registration on Form F-3 or Form S-3. The
holders are entitled to an unlimited number of registrations on Form F-3 or Form S-3 so long as
such registration offerings are in excess of US$5.0 million. We have the right to defer filing of a
registration statement for a period of not more than 60 days if our board of directors determines
in good faith judgment that filing of a registration statement in the near future will be materially
detrimental to us or our shareholders, but we cannot exercise the deferral right on any one
occasion or more than once during any twelve-month period and cannot register any other
securities during such period.


Piggyback Registration Rights . If we propose to register for our own account any of our equity
securities, or for the account of any holder, other than current shareholders, of such equity
securities, in connection with the public offering, we shall offer holders of our registrable
securities an opportunity to be included in such registration. If the underwriters advise in writing
that market factors require a limitation of the number of registrable securities to be underwritten,
the underwriters may exclude up to 75% of the registrable securities requested to be registered
but only after first excluding all other equity securities (except for securities sold for the account
of our company) from the registration and underwriting, provided that the number of shares to be
included in the registration on behalf of the non-excluded holders is allocated among all holders
in proportion to the respective amounts of registrable securities requested by such holders to be
included.


Expenses of Registration . We will bear all registration expenses, other than the underwriting
discounts and selling commissions applicable to the sale of registrable securities, incurred in
connection with registrations, filings or qualification pursuant to the shareholders agreement.


Termination of Obligations . We have no obligation to effect any demand, piggyback, Form F-3
or Form S-3 registration upon the earlier of (i) September 14, 2028 and (ii) with respect to any
holder, the date on which such holder may sell without registration, all of such holder’s registrable
securities under Rule 144 of the Securities Act in any 90-day period.




                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024      235
      PART I


                 In addition, on June 20, 2023, we entered into a registration rights agreement with CYVN Holdings
                 L.L.C. On July 11, 2023, CYVN Holdings L.L.C. assigned all of its rights, interests and obligations
                 under the registration rights agreement to its affiliate, CYVN Investments, which executed a
                 counterpart to the registration rights agreement and agreed to be treated as an investor under
                 the registration rights agreement. Pursuant to the registration rights agreement, subject to
                 certain exceptions, we are obligated to prepare and file with the SEC (i) no later than the 30th
                 day immediately following the six-month anniversary of the closing of the share subscription
                 agreement entered into by us and CYVN Holdings L.L.C., i.e., January 19, 2024, and (ii) at any
                 time thereafter, no later than the 30th day immediately following a written demand by CYVN
                 Investments (in case we do not already have an effective registration statement on Form F-3 on file
                 with the SEC) a registration statement for an offering to be made on a continuous basis pursuant
                 to Rule 415 of the Securities Act, registering the resale from time to time by CYVN Investments of
                 all of the registrable securities, which include all Class A ordinary shares purchased pursuant to
                 the share subscription agreement, and the stock purchase agreement entered into by and among
                 CYVN Holdings L.L.C. and Image Frame Investment (HK) Limited dated June 20, 2023, and any
                 shares purchased by CYVN Investments following the closing of the share subscription agreement,
                 then held by CYVN Investments that are not covered by an effective registration statement. If our
                 board of directors determines in good faith that it would be materially detrimental to our company
                 or our members to effect such a registration, we have the right to defer such registration, not
                 more than once in any 12-month period, for a period of up to 60 days. Additionally, pursuant
                 to the registration rights agreement, in the event that we propose to register any of our equity
                 securities under the Securities Act for our own account or for the account of any holder of our
                 equity securities, CYVN Investments is entitled to certain piggyback registration rights. These
                 registration rights terminate on the date that CYVN Investments owns less than 3% of our Class A
                 ordinary shares outstanding.


                 Employment Agreements and Indemnification Agreements

                 See “Item 6. Directors, Senior Management and Employees – B. Compensation – Employment
                 Agreements and Indemnification Agreements.”


                 Share Option Grants

                 See “Item 6. Directors, Senior Management and Employees – B. Compensation – Stock Incentive
                 Plans.”


                 Other Transactions with Related Parties

                 In 2022, 2023 and 2024, we provided sales of goods to our affiliates, including Wuhan Weineng
                 Battery Assets Co., Ltd. and its subsidiary, Blue Horizon Limited and its subsidiaries, Shanghai
                 Weishang Business Consulting Co., Ltd. and Hefei Chuang Wei Information Consultation Co., Ltd.
                 and we received total sales of goods of RMB3,105.9 million, RMB1,457.9 million and RMB9,918.3
                 million (US$1,358.8 million), respectively.




236   NIO Inc.
                                                                                             PART I


   In 2022, 2023 and 2024, we provided property management, administrative support, design and
   research and development services to our affiliates, including Wuhan Weineng Battery Assets
   Co., Ltd. and its subsidiary, Forseven Limited and its affiliate, Blue Horizon Limited and its
   subsidiaries, Nanjing Weibang Transmission Technology Co., Ltd., and Beijing Weixu Business
   Consulting Co., Ltd., and we received total service income of RMB122.7 million, RMB167.2 million
   and RMB306.5 million (US$42.0 million), respectively.


   In 2022, 2023 and 2024, we received marketing and advertising, research and development,
   and maintenance services from Tianjin Tengyi Information Technology Co., Ltd. (formerly known
   as Tianjin Boyou Information Technology Co., Ltd.), Kunshan Siwopu Intelligent Equipment Co.,
   Ltd., Xunjie Energy (Wuhan) Co., Ltd., Wuhan Weineng Battery Assets Co., Ltd and its subsidiary,
   Jianglai Advanced Manufacturing Technology (Anhui) Co., Ltd., Shanghai VTA Technology Co.,
   Ltd., Beijing Welion New Energy Technology Co., Ltd, and Zhejiang Weilai Xinneng Private Equity
   Management Co., Ltd. (formerly known as Ningbo Meishan Free Trade Port Weilai Xinneng
   Investment Management Co., Ltd.) and paid a total service fees of RMB145.3 million, RMB250.0
   million and RMB153.8 million (US$21.1 million), respectively.


   In 2022, 2023 and 2024, we paid a total of RMB1,066.8 million, RMB1,247.5 million and RMB293.8
   million (US$40.2 million) for purchase of property and equipment and raw material, to Kunshan
   Siwopu Intelligent Equipment Co., Ltd., Nanjing Weibang Transmission Technology Co., Ltd.,
   Beijing Welion New Energy Technology Co., Ltd, Xunjie Energy (Wuhan) Co., Ltd., Jianglai Advanced
   Manufacturing Technology (Anhui) Co., Ltd., Shanghai VTA Technology Co., Ltd., and Wuhan
   Weineng Battery Assets Co., Ltd. and its subsidiary.


   In 2022, 2023 and 2024, we received a total of RMB1.0 million, RMB5.6 million and RMB51.5
   million (US$7.1 million) for sale of raw material, property and equipment from Wuhan Weineng
   Battery Assets Co., Ltd and its subsidiary, Shanghai VTA Technology Co., Ltd., Blue Horizon Limited
   and its subsidiaries, and Kunshan Siwopu Intelligent Equipment Co., Ltd.


   In February 2024, we entered into a technology license agreement with Forseven Limited, a
   subsidiary of CYVN Holdings L.L.C. Pursuant to the agreement, we granted a non-exclusive and
   non-transferrable worldwide license to Forseven to use certain of our existing and future technical
   information, technical solutions, software and intellectual property rights related to or subsisting
   in our smart electric vehicle platforms. In 2024, we received total technology license fees of
   RMB59.4 million, comprising a non-refundable, fixed upfront license fee plus royalties determined
   based on the sales of licensed products by Forseven.


C. Interests of Experts and Counsel

   Not applicable.




                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024      237
      PART I


      ITEM 8. FINANCIAL INFORMATION
                 A. Consolidated Statements and Other Financial Information

                    We have appended consolidated financial statements filed as part of this annual report.


                   Legal Proceedings

                    From time to time, we may be involved in legal proceedings in the ordinary course of our business.
                    Between March and July 2019, several securities class action lawsuits were filed against us,
                    certain of our directors and officers, our underwriters in the IPO and our process agent. Some
                    of these actions have been withdrawn, transferred, consolidated or dismissed. One action
                    commenced during the aforementioned time period remains pending, under the caption In re NIO,
                   Inc. Securities Litigation , 1:19-cv-01424, in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of New
                    York (E.D.N.Y.). The plaintiffs in this case allege, in sum and substance, that our statements in the
                    registration statement and/or other public statements were false or misleading and in violation
                    of the U.S. federal securities laws. The Court denied our motion to dismiss in August 2021, and
                    granted plaintiffs’ motion for class certification in August 2023. The plaintiffs served their motion
                    for partial summary judgment on us on September 30, 2024. On January 30, 2025, we served on
                    the plaintiffs our opposition to their motion as well as our cross-motion for summary judgment.
                    Summary judgment briefing is ongoing. Discovery is ongoing.


                    Separately, between August and September 2022, two complaints were filed against us, our
                    CEO and our CFO in the federal district court for the Southern District of New York (S.D.N.Y.),
                    in the actions captioned Saye v. NIO Inc. et al. , Case No. 1:22-cv-07252 (S.D.N.Y.) and Bohonok
                   v. NIO Inc. et al. , Case No. 1:22-cv-07666 (S.D.N.Y.). Relying on a short seller report (see “Item
                    3. Key Information – D. Risk Factors – Risks Related to Our ADSs and Class A Ordinary Shares
                    – Techniques employed by short sellers may drive down the market price of our ADSs”), these
                    complaints allege that certain of our public disclosures between August 2020 and July 2022
                    contained false statements or omissions in violation of the Exchange Act. On December 14, 2022,
                    the court consolidated the two actions and appointed a lead plaintiff. Briefing on our motion to
                    dismiss was completed on July 31, 2023. The Court’s decision on the motion to dismiss is pending.


                    For those of the abovementioned class actions that remain pending, we are currently unable
                    to estimate the potential loss, if any, associated with the resolution of such lawsuits. We are
                    defending the actions vigorously. See “Item 3. Key Information – D. Risk Factors – Risks Related
                    to our Business and Industry – We and certain of our directors and officers have been named as
                    defendants in shareholder class action lawsuits, which could have a material adverse impact on
                    our business, financial condition, cash flows and reputation” for further details.




238   NIO Inc.
                                                                                           PART I


  Dividend Policy

   The payment of dividends is at the discretion of our board of directors, subject to our thirteenth
   amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. In addition, our shareholders
   may by ordinary resolution declare a dividend, but no dividend may exceed the amount
   recommended by our board of directors. In either case, all dividends are subject to certain
   restrictions under Cayman Islands law, namely that our company may only pay dividends out
   of profits or the share premium account, and provided that in no circumstances may a dividend
   be paid if this would result in our company being unable to pay its debts as they fall due in the
   ordinary course of business. Even if we decide to pay dividends, the form, frequency and amount
   will depend upon our future operations and earnings, capital requirements and surplus, general
   financial condition, contractual restrictions and other factors that the board of directors may
   deem relevant.


   We do not have any present plan to pay any cash dividends on our ordinary shares in the
   foreseeable future. We currently intend to retain most, if not all, of our available funds and any
   future earnings to operate and expand our business.


   We are a holding company incorporated in the Cayman Islands. We may rely on dividends paid by
   our subsidiaries in China for our cash requirements, including any payment of dividends to our
   shareholders. PRC regulations may restrict the ability of our PRC subsidiaries to pay dividends
   to us. See “Item 3. Key Information – D. Risk Factors – Risks Related to Doing Business in China
   – We may rely on distributions by our PRC subsidiaries for our financing requirements, and any
   limitation on our PRC subsidiaries to make payments to us could have a material and adverse
   effect on our business.”


   If we pay any dividends on our ordinary shares, we will pay those dividends which are payable in
   respect of Class A ordinary shares underlying our ADSs to the depositary, as the registered holder
   of such Class A ordinary shares, and the depositary then will pay such amounts to our ADS holders
   in proportion to the ordinary shares underlying the ADSs held by such ADS holders, subject to
   the terms of the deposit agreements, including the fees and expenses payable thereunder. Cash
   dividends on our ordinary shares, if any, will be paid in U.S. dollars.


B. Significant Changes

   Except as disclosed elsewhere in this annual report, we have not experienced any significant
   changes since the date of our audited consolidated financial statements included in this annual
   report.




                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024     239
      PART I


      ITEM 9. THE OFFER AND LISTING
                 A. Offering and Listing Details

                    Our ADSs, each representing one Class A ordinary share, have been listed on the NYSE since
                    September 12, 2018 under the symbol “NIO.”


                    Our Class A ordinary shares have been listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, by way of
                    introduction, since March 10, 2022 under the stock code “9866.”


                    Our Class A ordinary shares have been listed on the Singapore Exchange, by way of introduction,
                    since May 20, 2022 under the stock code “NIO.”


                    Currently, our ordinary shares consist of Class A ordinary shares and Class C ordinary shares.
                    Holders of Class A ordinary shares are entitled to one vote per share, and holders of Class C
                    ordinary shares are entitled to eight votes per share. See “Item 3. Key Information – D. Risk
                    Factors – Risks Related to Our ADSs and Class A Ordinary Shares – Our dual-class voting structure
                    will limit the holders of our Class A ordinary shares and ADSs to influence corporate matters,
                    provide certain shareholders of ours with substantial influence and could discourage others from
                    pursuing any change of control transactions that holders of our Class A ordinary shares and ADSs
                    may view as beneficial.”


                 B. Plan of Distribution

                    Not applicable.


                 C. Markets

                    Our ADSs, each representing one Class A ordinary share, have been listed on the NYSE since
                    September 12, 2018 under the symbol “NIO.”


                    Our Class A ordinary shares have been listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, by way of
                    introduction, since March 10, 2022 under the stock code “9866.”


                    Our Class A ordinary shares have been listed on the Singapore Exchange, by way of introduction,
                    since May 20, 2022 under the stock code “NIO.”


                 D. Selling Shareholders

                    Not applicable.


                 E. Dilution

                    Not applicable.


                 F. Expenses of the Issue

                    Not applicable.




240   NIO Inc.
                                                                                                   PART I


ITEM 10. ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
       A. Share Capital

          Not applicable.


       B. Memorandum and Articles of Association

          We are an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands and our affairs
          are governed by our current thirteenth amended and restated memorandum and articles of
          association, the Companies Act, and the common law of the Cayman Islands.


          The following are summaries of material provisions of our thirteenth amended and restated
          memorandum and articles of association which took effect in August 2022, insofar as they relate
          to the material terms of our ordinary shares.


          Objects of Our Company

          Under our thirteenth amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the objects
          of our company are unrestricted and we have the full power and authority to carry out any object
          not prohibited by the law of the Cayman Islands.


          Ordinary Shares

          Our authorized share capital is US$1,000,000 divided into 4,000,000,000 shares comprising of (i)
          2,632,030,222 Class A ordinary shares of a par value of US$0.00025 each, (ii) 148,500,000 Class
          C ordinary shares of a par value of US$0.00025 each and (iii) 1,219,469,778 shares of a par value
          of US$0.00025 each of such class or classes (however designated) as our board of directors may
          determine in accordance with our thirteenth amended and restated memorandum and articles of
          association. All of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares are fully paid and non-assessable.
          Our ordinary shares are issued in registered form, and are issued when registered in our register
          of members. Our shareholders who are non-residents of the Cayman Islands may freely hold and
          vote their ordinary shares. Under our thirteenth amended and restated memorandum and articles
          of association, our company may not issue bearer shares.


          Class of ordinary shares

          Holders of Class A ordinary shares and Class C ordinary shares shall at all times vote together
          as one class on all resolutions submitted to a vote by the holders of ordinary shares. Each Class
          A ordinary share shall entitle the holder thereof to one (1) vote on all matters subject to vote at
          general meetings of our company, and each Class C ordinary share shall entitle the holder thereof
          to eight (8) votes on all matters subject to vote at general meetings of our company. During the
          Relevant Period, our company shall have only one class of shares that each of such share entitles
          the holder thereof to more than one (1) vote on all matters subject to vote at general meetings of
          our company, which is Class C ordinary shares.




                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2024     241
      PART I


                 Conversion

                 Each Class C ordinary share is convertible into one (1) Class A ordinary share at any time at the
                 option of the holder thereof. In no event shall Class A ordinary shares be convertible into Class C
                 ordinary shares.


                 Upon any sale, transfer, assignment or disposition of any Class C ordinary share by a shareholder
                 to any person who is not an existing shareholder of Class C ordinary shares and any affiliate of
                 such shareholder or NIO Users Trust, or upon a change of ultimate beneficial ownership of any
                 Class C ordinary share to any person who is not an existing shareholder of Class C ordinary shares
                 and any affiliate of such shareholder or NIO Users Trust, each such Class C ordinary share shall be
                 automatically and immediately converted into one (1) Class A ordinary share.


                 Dividends

                 The holders of our ordinary shares are entitled to such dividends as may be declared by our board
                 of directors, subject to our thirteenth amended and restated memorandum articles of association.
                 In addition, our shareholders may by ordinary resolution declare a dividend, but no dividend may
                 exceed the amount recommended by our directors. In either case, under the laws of the Cayman
                 Islands, our company may pay a dividend out of either profits or share premium account, provided
                 that in no circumstances may a dividend be paid if this would result in our company being unable
                 to pay its debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business.


                 Voting Rights

                 Voting at any shareholders’ meeting is by show of hands unless a poll is demanded. Each Class
                 A ordinary share shall entitle the holder thereof to one (1) vote on all matters subject to vote at
                 general meetings of our company, and each Class C ordinary share shall entitle the holder thereof
                 to eight (8) votes on all matters subject to vote at general meetings of our company. A poll may be
                 demanded by the chairman of such meeting or any one or more shareholders present in person
                 or by proxy at the meeting. However, during the Relevant Period, each Class A ordinary share and
                 each Class C ordinary share shall entitle its holder to one vote on a poll at a general meeting in
                 respect of a resolution on any of the following matters: (i) any amendment of our memorandum or
                 articles of association, including the variation of the rights attached to any class of shares; (ii) the
                 appointment, election or removal of any independent non-executive director; (iii) the appointment
                 or removal of the auditors; or (iv) the voluntary liquidation or winding-up of our company.




242   NIO Inc.
                                                                                            PART I


An ordinary resolution to be passed at a meeting by the shareholders requires the affirmative
vote of a simple majority of the votes attaching to the ordinary shares cast at a meeting, while
a special resolution requires the affirmative vote of no less than three-fourths of the votes cast
attaching to the outstanding ordinary shares at a meeting. A special resolution will be required
for important matters such as a change of name or making changes to our thirteenth amended
and restated memorandum and articles of association. Holders of our ordinary shares may effect
certain changes by ordinary resolution, including increasing the amount of our authorized share
capital, consolidating all or any of our share capital into shares of larger amount than our existing
shares, sub-dividing our shares or any of them into shares of an amount smaller than that fixed
by our thirteenth amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, and cancelling
any unissued shares. Both ordinary resolution and special resolution may also be passed by
a unanimous written resolution signed by all the shareholders of our company, as permitted
by the Companies Act and our thirteenth amended and restated memorandum and articles of
association.


Appointment and Removal of Directors

Our board of directors may, by the affirmative vote of a simple majority of the directors present
and voting at a board meeting, (i) appoint any person as a director, to fill a casual vacancy on the
board or, (ii) subject to the maximum size of the board of directors being nine (9) directors, appoint
any person as an addition to the existing board. Directors may be removed by ordinary resolution
of our shareholders. Subject to the code, rules and regulations applicable to us as a result of
our listing in the United States applicable to the composition of the board and qualifications and
appointment of directors, (i) NIO Users Trust shall be entitled to nominate one (1) director to the
board; and (ii) in the event that Mr. Bin Li is not an incumbent director and the board is composed
of no less than six (6) directors, NIO Users Trust shall be entitled to nominate one (1) extra director
to the Board. Such director nomination right of NIO Users Trust was ceased to be effective at the
First AGM, and shall only be restored when our company is no longer listed on the Hong Kong
Stock Exchange. In addition, for so long as CYVN Investments and its affiliates beneficially own
no less than 15% of our total issued and outstanding share capital, CYVN Investments is entitled
to nominate two directors; if the beneficial ownership of CYVN Investments and its affiliates
decreases to less than 15% but remains above 5%, CYVN Investments retains the right to
nominate one director. The foregoing director nomination rights of CYVN Investments are subject
to compliance with the Company’s articles and requirements of relevant stock exchanges.




                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024      243
      PART I


                 General Meetings of Shareholders

                 As a Cayman Islands exempted company, we are not obliged by the Companies Act to call
                 shareholders’ annual general meetings. However, our thirteenth amended and restated
                 memorandum and articles of association provide that we shall in each financial year hold a
                 general meeting as our annual general meeting in addition to any other meeting in that year and
                 shall specify the meeting as such in the notice calling it, and the annual general meeting shall be
                 held at such time and place as may be determined by our directors.


                 Shareholders’ general meetings may be convened by the chairman of the board of directors or a
                 majority of our board of directors. Advance notice of at least twenty-one calendar days is required
                 for the convening of our annual general shareholders’ meeting and advance notice of at least
                 fourteen calendar days is required for any other general meeting of our shareholders. A quorum
                 required for any general meeting of shareholders consists of at least one shareholder present or
                 by proxy, representing not less than one-third of all votes attaching to all of our shares in issue
                 and entitled to vote.


                 The Companies Act provides shareholders with only limited rights to requisition a general meeting,
                 and does not provide shareholders with any right to put any proposal before a general meeting.
                 However, these rights may be provided in a company’s articles of association. Our thirteenth
                 amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that upon the requisition
                 of shareholders representing in aggregate not less than one-tenth of all votes (on a one vote
                 per share basis) attaching to the outstanding shares of our company entitled to vote at general
                 meetings, our board will convene an extraordinary general meeting and put the resolutions
                 so requisitioned to a vote at such meeting, and such shareholders may add resolutions to the
                 meeting agenda.


                 Transfer of Ordinary Shares

                 Subject to the restrictions in our thirteenth amended and restated memorandum and articles of
                 association set out below, any of our shareholders may transfer all or any of his or her ordinary
                 shares by an instrument of transfer in writing and in the usual or common form or any other form
                 approved by our board of directors.


                 Our board of directors may, in its absolute discretion, decline to register any transfer of any
                 ordinary share which is not fully paid up or on which we have a lien. Our board of directors may
                 also decline to register any transfer of any ordinary share unless:


                 •   the instrument of transfer is lodged with us, accompanied by the certificate for the ordinary
                     shares to which it relates and such other evidence as our board of directors may reasonably
                     require to show the right of the transferor to make the transfer;


                 •   the instrument of transfer is in respect of only one class of ordinary shares;


                 •   the instrument of transfer is properly stamped, if required;




244   NIO Inc.
                                                                                             PART I


•   in the case of a transfer to joint holders, the number of joint holders to whom the ordinary
    share is to be transferred does not exceed four; and


•   a fee of such maximum sum as the New York Stock Exchange or the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
    may determine to be payable or such lesser sum as our directors may from time to time require
    is paid to us in respect thereof.


If our directors refuse to register a transfer they shall, within three months after the date on which
the instrument of transfer was lodged, send to each of the transferor and the transferee notice of
such refusal.


The registration of transfers may, after compliance with any notice required of the New York
Stock Exchange or the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, be suspended and the register closed at such
times and for such periods as our board of directors may from time to time determine; provided,
however, that the registration of transfers shall not be suspended nor the register closed for more
than 30 days in any year as our board of directors may determine.


Liquidation

On the winding-up of our company, if the assets available for distribution among our shareholders
shall be more than sufficient to repay the whole of the share capital at the commencement of the
winding-up, the surplus shall be distributed amongst our shareholders in proportion to the par
value of the shares held by them at the commencement of the winding-up, subject to a deduction
from those shares in respect of which there are monies due, of all monies payable to our company
for unpaid calls or otherwise. If our assets available for distribution are insufficient to repay all of
the paid-up capital, the assets will be distributed so that the losses are borne by our shareholders
in proportion to the par value of the shares held by them.


Calls on Shares and Forfeiture of Shares

Our board of directors may from time to time make calls upon shareholders for any amounts
unpaid on their shares in a notice served to such shareholders at least 14 days prior to the
specified time and place of payment. The shares that have been called upon and remain unpaid
are subject to forfeiture.




                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024      245
      PART I


                 Redemption, Repurchase and Surrender of Shares

                 We may issue shares on terms that such shares are subject to redemption, at our option or at the
                 option of the holders of these shares, on such terms and in such manner as may be determined
                 by our board of directors or by special resolution of our shareholders. Our company may also
                 repurchase any of our shares on such terms and in such manner as have been approved by our
                 board of directors or by an ordinary resolution of our shareholders. Under the Companies Act,
                 the redemption or repurchase of any share may be paid out of our company’s profits or out of the
                 proceeds of a new issue of shares made for the purpose of such redemption or repurchase, or
                 out of capital (including share premium account and capital redemption reserve) if our company
                 can, immediately following such payment, pay its debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of
                 business. In addition, under the Companies Act no such share may be redeemed or repurchased
                 (a) unless it is fully paid up, (b) if such redemption or repurchase would result in there being no
                 shares outstanding or (c) if the company has commenced liquidation. In addition, our company
                 may accept the surrender of any fully paid share for no consideration.


                 Variations of Rights of Shares

                 If at any time, our share capital is divided into different classes of shares, the rights attached to
                 any class of shares (unless otherwise provided by the terms of issue of the shares of that class),
                 may only be varied with the consent in writing of holders of three-fourths of the issued shares of
                 that class or with the sanction of a special resolution passed at a separate meeting of the holders
                 of the shares of that class by holders of three-fourths of the issued shares of that class present in
                 person or by proxy and voting at such meeting. The rights conferred upon the holders of the shares
                 of any class issued shall not, subject to any rights or restrictions for the time being attached to
                 the shares of that class, be deemed to be varied by, inter alia, the creation, allotment or issue of
                 further shares ranking pari passu with such existing class of shares.


                 Issuance of Additional Shares

                 Our thirteenth amended and restated memorandum of association authorizes our board of
                 directors to issue additional ordinary shares from time to time as our board of directors shall
                 determine, to the extent of available authorized but unissued shares.


                 Our thirteenth amended and restated memorandum of association also authorizes our board of
                 directors, at any time after the Relevant Period, to establish from time to time one or more series
                 of preference shares and to determine, with respect to any series of preference shares, the terms
                 and rights of that series, including:


                 •   the designation of the series;


                 •   the number of shares of the series;


                 •   the dividend rights, dividend rates, conversion rights and voting rights; and


                 •   the rights and terms of redemption and liquidation preferences.




246   NIO Inc.
                                                                                         PART I


At any time after the Relevant Period, our board of directors may issue preference shares without
action by our shareholders to the extent authorized but unissued. Issuance of these shares may
dilute the voting power of holders of ordinary shares.


Inspection of Books and Records

Holders of our ordinary shares will have no general right under Cayman Islands law to inspect
or obtain copies of our list of shareholders or our corporate records (except for our thirteenth
amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and our register of mortgages
and charges) except as conferred by law or authorized by the directors or by ordinary resolution.


However, as a company that is subject to the periodic reporting and other informational
requirements of the Exchange Act, we file annual reports with the SEC that include annual audited
financial statements. See “Item 10. Additional Information – H. Documents on Display.”


Changes in Capital

Our shareholders may from time to time by ordinary resolution:


•   increase our share capital by such sum, to be divided into shares of such classes and amount,
    as the resolution shall prescribe;


•   consolidate and divide all or any of our share capital into shares of a larger amount than our
    existing shares;


•   sub-divide our existing shares, or any of them into shares of a smaller amount; provided that
    in the subdivision the proportion between the amount paid and the amount, if any, unpaid on
    each reduced share shall be the same as it was in case of the share from which the reduced
    share is derived; or


•   cancel any shares that, at the date of the passing of the resolution, have not been taken or
    agreed to be taken by any person and diminish the amount of our share capital by the amount
    of the shares so cancelled.


Our shareholders may, by special resolution and subject to confirmation by the Grand Court of the
Cayman Islands on an application by our company for an order confirming such reduction, reduce
our share capital and any capital redemption reserve in any manner authorized by law.




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2024    247
      PART I


                 Anti-Takeover Provisions

                 Some provisions of our thirteenth amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
                 may discourage, delay or prevent a change of control of our company or management that
                 shareholders may consider favorable, including provisions that:


                 •   at any time after the Relevant Period, authorize our board of directors to issue preference
                     shares in one or more series and to designate the price, rights, preferences, privileges and
                     restrictions of such preference shares without any further vote or action by our shareholders;
                     and


                 •   at any time after the Relevant Period, limit the ability of shareholders to requisition and
                     convene general meetings of shareholders.


                 However, under Cayman Islands law, our directors may only exercise the rights and powers
                 granted to them under our thirteenth amended and restated memorandum and articles of
                 association for a proper purpose and for what they believe in good faith to be in the best interests
                 of our company.


                 Exempted Company

                 We are an exempted company with limited liability under the Companies Act. The Companies
                 Act distinguishes between ordinary resident companies, ordinary non-resident companies
                 and exempted companies. Any company that is registered in the Cayman Islands but conducts
                 business mainly outside of the Cayman Islands may apply to be registered as an exempted
                 company. The requirements for an exempted company are essentially the same as for an ordinary
                 resident/non-resident company except that an exempted company:


                 •   does not have to file an annual return detailing its shareholders with the Registrar of
                     Companies of the Cayman Islands;


                 •   is not required to open its register of members for inspection;


                 •   does not have to hold an annual general meeting;


                 •   may obtain an undertaking against the imposition of any future taxation (such undertakings
                     are usually given for 30 years in the first instance);


                 •   may register by way of continuation in another jurisdiction and be deregistered in the Cayman
                     Islands;


                 •   may register as a limited duration company; and


                 •   may register as a segregated portfolio company.




248   NIO Inc.
                                                                                          PART I


“Limited liability” means that the liability of each shareholder is limited to the amount unpaid
by the shareholder on the shares of the company (except in exceptional circumstances, such as
involving fraud, the establishment of an agency relationship or an illegal or improper purpose or
other circumstances in which a court may be prepared to pierce or lift the corporate veil).


Differences in Corporate Law

The Companies Act (As Revised) is derived, to a large extent, from the older Companies Acts of
England but does not follow recent United Kingdom statutory enactments, and accordingly there
are significant differences between the Companies Act (As Revised) and the current Companies
Act of England.


In addition, the Companies Act (As Revised) differs from laws applicable to United States
corporations and their shareholders. Set forth below is a summary of certain significant
differences between the provisions of the Companies Act (As Revised) applicable to us and
the laws applicable to United States corporations and companies incorporated in the State of
Delaware.


Mergers and Similar Arrangements

The Companies Act (As Revised) permits mergers and consolidations between Cayman Islands
companies and between Cayman Islands companies and non-Cayman Islands companies. For
these purposes, (1) “merger” means the merging of two or more constituent companies and the
vesting of their undertaking, property and liabilities in one of such companies as the surviving
company and (2) a “consolidation” means the combination of two or more constituent companies
into a consolidated company and the vesting of the undertaking, property and liabilities of such
companies in the consolidated company.


In order to effect such a merger or consolidation, the directors of each constituent company must
approve a written plan of merger or consolidation, which must then be authorized by (1) a special
resolution of the shareholders of each constituent company, and (2) such other authorization,
if any, as may be specified in such constituent company’s articles of association. The written
plan of merger or consolidation must be filed with the Registrar of Companies together with a
declaration as to the solvency of the consolidated or surviving company, a list of the assets and
liabilities of each constituent company and an undertaking that a copy of the certificate of merger
or consolidation will be given to the members and creditors of each constituent company and
that notification of the merger or consolidation will be published in the Cayman Islands Gazette.
Dissenting shareholders have the right to be paid the fair value of their shares (which, if not
agreed between the parties, will be determined by the Cayman Islands court) if they follow the
required procedures, subject to certain exceptions. Court approval is not required for a merger or
consolidation which is effected in compliance with these statutory procedures.




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2024    249
      PART I


                 A merger between a Cayman parent company and its Cayman subsidiary or subsidiaries does
                 not require authorization by a resolution of shareholders of that Cayman subsidiary if a copy
                 of the plan of merger is given to every member of that Cayman subsidiary to be merged unless
                 that member agrees otherwise. For this purpose, a company is a “parent” of a subsidiary if it
                 holds issued shares that together represent at least 90% of the votes at a general meeting of the
                 subsidiary.


                 The consent of each holder of a fixed or floating security interest over a constituent company is
                 required unless this requirement is waived by a court in the Cayman Islands.


                 Save in certain limited circumstances, a shareholder of a Cayman constituent company who
                 dissents from the merger or consolidation is entitled to payment of the fair value of his shares
                 (which, if not agreed between the parties, will be determined by the Cayman Islands court) upon
                 dissenting to the merger or consolidation, provide the dissenting shareholder complies strictly
                 with the procedures set out in the Companies Act. The exercise of dissenter rights will preclude
                 the exercise by the dissenting shareholder of any other rights to which he or she might otherwise
                 be entitled by virtue of holding shares, save for the right to seek relief on the grounds that the
                 merger or consolidation is void or unlawful.


                 Separate from the statutory provisions relating to mergers and consolidations, the Companies
                 Act (As Revised) also contains statutory provisions that facilitate the reconstruction and
                 amalgamation of companies by way of schemes of arrangement, provided that the arrangement
                 is approved by (a) 75% in value of the shareholders or class of shareholders, as the case may be,
                 or (b) a majority in number representing 75% in value of the creditors or each class of creditors,
                 as the case may be, with whom the arrangement is to be made, that are, in each case, present
                 and voting either in person or by proxy at a meeting, or meetings, convened for that purpose.
                 The convening of the meetings and subsequently the arrangement must be sanctioned by the
                 Grand Court of the Cayman Islands. While a dissenting shareholder has the right to express to the
                 court the view that the transaction ought not to be approved, the Grand Court can be expected to
                 approve the arrangement if it determines that:


                 •   the statutory provisions as to the required majority vote have been met;


                 •   the shareholders have been fairly represented at the meeting in question and the statutory
                     majority are acting bona fide without coercion of the minority to promote interests adverse to
                     those of the class;


                 •   the arrangement is such that may be reasonably approved by an intelligent and honest man of
                     that class acting in respect of his interest; and


                 •   the arrangement is not one that would more properly be sanctioned under some other
                     provision of the Companies Act.




250   NIO Inc.
                                                                                         PART I


The Companies Act (As Revised) also contains a statutory power of compulsory acquisition which
may facilitate the “squeeze out” of dissentient minority shareholder upon a tender offer. When a
tender offer is made and accepted by holders of 90% of the shares affected within four months,
the offeror may, within a two-month period commencing on the expiration of such four-month
period, require the holders of the remaining shares to transfer such shares to the offeror on the
terms of the offer. An objection can be made to the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands, but this is
unlikely to succeed in the case of an offer which has been so approved unless there is evidence of
fraud, bad faith or collusion.


If an arrangement and reconstruction by way of scheme of arrangement is thus approved,
the dissenting shareholder would have no rights comparable to appraisal rights, which would
otherwise ordinarily be available to dissenting shareholders of Delaware corporations, providing
rights to receive payment in cash for the judicially determined value of the shares.


Shareholders’ Suits

In principle, we will normally be the proper plaintiff to sue for a wrong done to us as a company,
and as a general rule a derivative action may not be brought by a minority shareholder. However,
based on English authorities, which would in all likelihood be of persuasive authority in the
Cayman Islands, the Cayman Islands court can be expected to follow and apply the common
law principles (namely the rule in Foss v. Harbottle and the exceptions thereto) so that a non-
controlling shareholder may be permitted to commence a class action against or derivative actions
in the name of our company to challenge actions where:


•   a company acts or proposes to act illegally or ultra vires;


•   the act complained of, although not ultra vires, could only be effected duly if authorized by
    more than a simple majority vote that has not been obtained; and


•   an act which constitutes a fraud against the minority where the wrongdoers are themselves in
    control of the company.




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2024   251
      PART I


                 Indemnification of Directors and Executive Officers and Limitation of Liability

                 The Companies Act does not limit the extent to which a company’s memorandum and articles of
                 association may provide for indemnification of officers and directors, except to the extent any
                 such provision may be held by the Cayman Islands courts to be contrary to public policy, such
                 as to provide indemnification against civil fraud or the consequences of committing a crime.
                 Our thirteenth amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that
                 we shall indemnify our officers and directors against all actions, proceedings, costs, charges,
                 expenses, losses, damages or liabilities incurred or sustained by such directors or officer, other
                 than by reason of such person’s dishonesty, willful default or fraud, in or about the conduct of our
                 company’s business or affairs (including as a result of any mistake of judgment) or in the execution
                 or discharge of his duties, powers, authorities or discretions, including without prejudice to the
                 generality of the foregoing, any costs, expenses, losses or liabilities incurred by such director
                 or officer in defending (whether successfully or otherwise) any civil proceedings concerning our
                 company or its affairs in any court whether in the Cayman Islands or elsewhere. This standard of
                 conduct is generally the same as permitted under the Delaware General Corporation Law for a
                 Delaware corporation.


                 In addition, we have entered into indemnification agreements with our directors and executive
                 officers that provide such persons with additional indemnification beyond that provided in our
                 thirteenth amended and restated memorandum and articles of association.


                 Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to our
                 directors, officers or persons controlling us under the foregoing provisions, we have been informed
                 that in the opinion of the SEC, such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the
                 Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable.


                 Directors’ Fiduciary Duties

                 Under Delaware corporate law, a director of a Delaware corporation has a fiduciary duty to the
                 corporation and its shareholders. This duty has two components: the duty of care and the duty of
                 loyalty. The duty of care requires that a director act in good faith, with the care that an ordinarily
                 prudent person would exercise under similar circumstances. Under this duty, a director must
                 inform himself of, and disclose to shareholders, all material information reasonably available
                 regarding a significant transaction.


                 The duty of loyalty requires that a director acts in a manner he or she reasonably believes to be in
                 the best interests of the corporation. He or she must not use his corporate position for personal
                 gain or advantage. This duty prohibits self-dealing by a director and mandates that the best
                 interest of the corporation and its shareholders take precedence over any interest possessed by a
                 director, officer or controlling shareholder and not shared by the shareholders generally.




252   NIO Inc.
                                                                                          PART I


In general, actions of a director are presumed to have been made on an informed basis, in good
faith and in the honest belief that the action taken was in the best interests of the corporation.
However, this presumption may be rebutted by evidence of a breach of one of the fiduciary duties.
Should such evidence be presented concerning a transaction by a director, the director must
prove the procedural fairness of the transaction and that the transaction was of fair value to the
corporation.


As a matter of Cayman Islands law, a director of a Cayman Islands company is in the position of
a fiduciary with respect to the company and therefore it is considered that he or she owes the
following duties to the company:


•   a duty to act in good faith in the best interests of the company,


•   a duty not to make a personal profit based on his or her position as director (unless the
    company permits him or her to do so),


•   a duty not to put himself or herself in a position where the interests of the company conflict
    with his or her personal interest or his or her duty to a third party, and


•   a duty to exercise powers for the purpose for which such powers were intended.


A director of a Cayman Islands company owes to the company a duty of care, diligence and skill. It
was previously considered that a director need not exhibit in the performance of his or her duties
a greater degree of skill than may reasonably be expected from a person of his or her knowledge
and experience. However, English and Commonwealth courts have moved towards an objective
standard with regard to the required skill and care and these authorities are likely to be followed
in the Cayman Islands.


Shareholder Action by Written Consent

Under the Delaware General Corporation Law, a corporation may eliminate the right of
shareholders to act by written consent by amendment to its certificate of incorporation. Cayman
Islands law and our currently effective memorandum and articles of association provide that our
shareholders may approve corporate matters by way of a unanimous written resolution signed by
or on behalf of all shareholders who would have been entitled to vote on such matter at a general
meeting without a meeting being held.


Shareholder Proposals

Under the Delaware General Corporation Law, a shareholder has the right to put any proposal
before the annual meeting of shareholders, provided it complies with the notice provisions in
the governing documents. A special meeting may be called by the board of directors or any other
person authorized to do so in the governing documents, but shareholders may be precluded from
calling special meetings.




                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024   253
      PART I


                 The Companies Act (As Revised) does not provide shareholders with an express right to put forth
                 any proposal before a general meeting of the shareholders. However, the Companies Act (As
                 Revised) may provide shareholders with limited rights to requisition a general meeting but such
                 rights must be stipulated in the articles of association of the company.


                 Any one or more shareholders holding not less than one-tenth of the voting rights on a one vote
                 per share basis, in the share capital of the company at the date of deposit of the requisition shall
                 at all times have the right, by written requisition to the board of directors or the secretary of the
                 company, to require an extraordinary general meeting to be called by the board of directors for the
                 transaction of any business specified in such requisition.


                 Cumulative Voting

                 Under the Delaware General Corporation Law, cumulative voting for election of directors is
                 not permitted unless the corporation’s certificate of incorporation specifically provides for it.
                 Cumulative voting potentially facilitates the representation of minority shareholders on a board of
                 directors since it permits the minority shareholder to cast all the votes to which the shareholder
                 is entitled on a single director, which increases the shareholder’s voting power with respect to
                 electing such director.


                 There are no prohibitions relating to cumulative voting under the laws of the Cayman Islands, but
                 our thirteenth amended and restated memorandum and articles of association do not provide for
                 cumulative voting. As a result, our shareholders are not afforded any less protections or rights on
                 this issue than shareholders of a Delaware corporation.


                 Removal of Directors

                 Under the Delaware General Corporation Law, a director of a corporation with a classified board
                 may be removed only for cause with the approval of a majority of the outstanding shares entitled
                 to vote, unless the certificate of incorporation provides otherwise.


                 Under our thirteenth amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, directors
                 may be removed with or without cause, by an ordinary resolution of our shareholders. A director
                 will also cease to be a director if he or she (i) becomes bankrupt or makes any arrangement or
                 composition with his or her creditors; (ii) dies or is found to be or becomes of unsound mind; (iii)
                 resigns his office by notice in writing; (iv) without special leave of absence from our board, is
                 absent from meetings of our board for three consecutive meetings and our board resolves that his
                 office be vacated; or (v) is removed from office pursuant to any other provision of our thirteenth
                 amended and restated articles of association.




254   NIO Inc.
                                                                                          PART I


Transactions with Interested Shareholders

The Delaware General Corporation Law contains a business combination statute applicable to
Delaware public corporations whereby, unless the corporation has specifically elected not to
be governed by such statute by amendment to its certificate of incorporation, it is prohibited
from engaging in certain business combinations with an “interested shareholder” for three
years following the date that such person becomes an interested shareholder. An interested
shareholder generally is a person or a group who or which owns or owned 15% or more of the
target’s outstanding voting shares within the past three years.


This statute has the effect of limiting the ability of a potential acquirer to make a two-tiered bid
for the target in which all shareholders would not be treated equally. The statute does not apply
if, prior to the date on which such shareholder becomes an interested shareholder, the board
of directors approves either the business combination or the transaction which resulted in the
person becoming an interested shareholder. This encourages any potential acquirer of a Delaware
corporation to negotiate the terms of any acquisition transaction with the target’s board of
directors.


Cayman Islands law has no comparable statute. As a result, we cannot avail ourselves of the types
of protections afforded by the Delaware business combination statute. However, although Cayman
Islands law does not regulate transactions between a company and its significant shareholders,
it does provide that such transactions must be entered into bona fide in the best interests of the
company and for a proper purpose and not with the effect of constituting a fraud on the minority
shareholders.


Restructuring

A company may present a petition to the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands for the appointment
of a restructuring officer on the grounds that the company:


(a) is or is likely to become unable to pay its debts; and


(b) intends to present a compromise or arrangement to its creditors (or classes thereof) either
   pursuant to the Companies Act, the law of a foreign country or by way of a consensual
   restructuring.




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2024      255
      PART I


                 The Grand Court may, among other things, make an order appointing a restructuring officer upon
                 hearing of such petition, with such powers and to carry out such functions as the court may order.
                 At any time (i) after the presentation of a petition for the appointment of a restructuring officer
                 but before an order for the appointment of a restructuring officer has been made, and (ii) when an
                 order for the appointment of a restructuring officer is made, until such order has been discharged,
                 no suit, action or other proceedings (other than criminal proceedings) shall be proceeded with or
                 commenced against the company, no resolution to wind up the company shall be passed, and no
                 winding up petition may be presented against the company, except with the leave of the court.
                 However, notwithstanding the presentation of a petition for the appointment of a restructuring
                 officer or the appointment of a restructuring officer, a creditor who has security over the whole or
                 part of the assets of the company is entitled to enforce the security without the leave of the court
                 and without reference to the restructuring officer appointed.


                 Dissolution; Winding Up

                 Under the Delaware General Corporation Law, unless the board of directors approves the proposal
                 to dissolve, dissolution must be approved by shareholders holding 100% of the total voting power
                 of the corporation. Only if the dissolution is initiated by the board of directors may it be approved
                 by a simple majority of the corporation’s outstanding shares. Delaware law allows a Delaware
                 corporation to include in its certificate of incorporation a supermajority voting requirement in
                 connection with dissolutions initiated by the board.


                 Under Cayman Islands law, a company may be wound up by either an order of the courts of the
                 Cayman Islands or by a special resolution of its members or, if the company is unable to pay its
                 debts as they fall due, by an ordinary resolution of its members. The court has authority to order
                 winding up in a number of specified circumstances including where it is, in the opinion of the
                 court, just and equitable to do so.


                 Variation of Rights of Shares

                 Under the Delaware General Corporation Law, a corporation may vary the rights of a class
                 of shares with the approval of a majority of the outstanding shares of such class, unless the
                 certificate of incorporation provides otherwise. Under Cayman Islands law and our thirteenth
                 amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, if our share capital is divided
                 into more than one class of shares, we may vary the rights attached to any class with the sanction
                 of a special resolution passed by a majority of not less than three-fourths of the votes cast at a
                 separate meeting of the holders of the shares of that class.


                 Amendment of Governing Documents

                 Under the Delaware General Corporation Law, a corporation’s governing documents may be
                 amended with the approval of a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote, unless the
                 certificate of incorporation provides otherwise.


                 Under Cayman Islands law, our thirteenth amended and restated memorandum and articles of
                 association may only be amended with a special resolution of our shareholders.




256   NIO Inc.
                                                                                            PART I


   Rights of Non-resident or Foreign Shareholders

   There are no limitations imposed by our thirteenth amended and restated memorandum and
   articles of association on the rights of non-resident or foreign shareholders to hold or exercise
   voting rights on our shares.


   In addition, there are no provisions in our thirteenth amended and restated memorandum and
   articles of association governing the ownership threshold above which shareholder ownership
   must be disclosed.


   Inspection of Books and Records

   Under the Delaware General Corporation Law, any shareholder of a corporation may for any proper
   purpose inspect or make copies of the corporation’s stock ledger, list of shareholders and other
   books and records.


   Shareholders of Cayman Islands exempted companies like us have no general right under Cayman
   Islands law to inspect corporate records (other than the memorandum and articles of association,
   the register of mortgages and charges and any special resolutions passed by our shareholders)
   or obtain copies of the list of shareholders of these companies. However, we intend to provide our
   shareholders with annual reports containing audited financial statements.


C. Material Contracts

   We have not entered into any material contracts other than in the ordinary course of business and
   other than those described in “Item 4. Information on the Company,” “Item 7. Major Shareholders
   and Related Party Transactions – B. Related Party Transactions” or elsewhere in this annual
   report.


D. Exchange Controls

   See “Item 4. Information on the Company – B. Business Overview – Regulations – Regulations on
   Foreign Exchange.”


E. Taxation

   The following discussion of Cayman Islands, PRC and United States federal income tax
   consequences of an investment in our ADSs or ordinary shares is based upon laws and
   interpretations thereof in effect as of the date of this annual report, all of which are subject to
   change or differing interpretation, possibly with retroactive effect. This summary does not deal
   with all possible tax consequences relating to an investment in our ADSs or ordinary shares, such
   as the tax consequences under U.S. state and local tax laws or under the tax laws of jurisdictions
   other than the Cayman Islands, the People’s Republic of China and the United States.




                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024     257
      PART I


                 Cayman Islands Taxation

                 The Cayman Islands currently has no form of income, corporate or capital gains tax and no estate
                 duty, inheritance tax or gift tax. There are no other taxes likely to be material to holders of our
                 ADSs or ordinary shares levied by the government of the Cayman Islands except for stamp duties
                 which may be applicable on instruments executed in, or, after execution, brought within the
                 jurisdiction of the Cayman Islands. The Cayman Islands are not party to any double tax treaties
                 that are applicable to any payments made to or by our company. There are no exchange control
                 regulations under Cayman Islands law.


                 Payments of dividends and capital in respect of our Class A ordinary shares and ADSs will not be
                 subject to taxation in the Cayman Islands and no withholding will be required on the payment of
                 a dividend or capital to any holder of our Class A ordinary shares or ADSs, nor will gains derived
                 from the disposal of our Class A ordinary shares or ADSs be subject to Cayman Islands income or
                 corporation tax.


                 People’s Republic of China Taxation

                 Under the PRC Enterprise Income Tax Law and its implementation rules, an enterprise established
                 outside of the PRC with a “de facto management body” within the PRC is considered a resident
                 enterprise and will be subject to the enterprise income tax at the rate of 25% on its global income.
                 The implementation rules define the term “de facto management body” as the body that exercises
                 full and substantial control over and overall management of the business, productions, personnel,
                 accounts and properties of an enterprise. In April 2009, the State Taxation Administration
                 issued the Circular on Issues Relating to Identification of PRC-Controlled Overseas Registered
                 Enterprises as Resident Enterprises in Accordance with the De Facto Standards of Organizational
                 Management, or Circular 82, which provides certain specific criteria for determining whether
                 the “de facto management body” of a PRC-controlled enterprise that is incorporated offshore is
                 located in China. Although this circular only applies to offshore enterprises controlled by PRC
                 enterprises or PRC enterprise groups, not those controlled by PRC individuals or foreigners,
                 the criteria set forth in the circular may reflect the State Taxation Administration’s general
                 position on how the “de facto management body” test should be applied in determining the tax
                 resident status of all offshore enterprises. According to Circular 82, an offshore incorporated
                 enterprise controlled by a PRC enterprise or a PRC enterprise group will be regarded as a PRC tax
                 resident by virtue of having its “de facto management body” in China only if all of the following
                 conditions are met: (i) the primary location of the day-to-day operational management is in the
                 PRC; (ii) decisions relating to the enterprise’s financial and human resource matters are made
                 or are subject to approval by organizations or personnel in the PRC; (iii) the enterprise’s primary
                 assets, accounting books and records, company seals, and board and shareholder resolutions,
                 are located or maintained in the PRC; and (iv) at least 50% of voting board members or senior
                 executives habitually reside in the PRC. Further to Circular 82, the State Taxation Administration
                 issued the Bulletin on Promulgation of the Administrative Measures for Income Tax of Chinese-
                 Controlled Offshore-Incorporated Resident Enterprises (Trial Implementation), which took effect
                 in September 2011, to provide more guidance on the implementation of Circular 82. This bulletin
                 provides for procedures and administration details of determination on resident status and
                 administration on post-determination matters.



258   NIO Inc.
                                                                                           PART I


We believe that NIO Inc. is not a PRC resident enterprise for PRC tax purposes. NIO Inc. is not
controlled by a PRC enterprise or PRC enterprise group and we do not believe that NIO Inc. meets
all of the conditions above. NIO Inc. is a company incorporated outside the PRC. As a holding
company, NIO Inc.’s key assets are its ownership interests in its subsidiaries, and its key assets
are located, and its records (including the resolutions of its board of directors and the resolutions
of its shareholders) are maintained, outside the PRC. For the same reasons, we believe our other
entities outside of China are not PRC resident enterprises either. However, the tax resident status
of an enterprise is subject to determination by the PRC tax authorities and uncertainties remain
with respect to the interpretation of the term “de facto management body.” There can be no
assurance that the PRC government will ultimately take a view that is consistent with us.


If the PRC tax authorities determine that NIO Inc. is a PRC resident enterprise for enterprise
income tax purposes, we may be required to withhold a 10% withholding tax from dividends we
pay to our shareholders that are non-resident enterprises, including the holders of our ADSs. In
addition, non-resident enterprise shareholders (including our ADS holders) may be subject to a
10% PRC tax on gains realized on the sale or other disposition of ADSs or Class A ordinary shares,
if such income is treated as sourced from within the PRC. It is unclear whether our non-PRC
individual shareholders (including our ADS holders) would be subject to any PRC tax on dividends
or gains obtained by such non-PRC individual shareholders in the event we are determined to be a
PRC resident enterprise. If any PRC tax were to apply to such dividends or gains, it would generally
apply at a rate of 20% unless a reduced rate is available under an applicable tax treaty. It is also
unclear whether non-PRC shareholders of NIO Inc. would be able to claim the benefits of any tax
treaties between their country of tax residence and the PRC in the event that NIO Inc. is treated
as a PRC resident enterprise. Pursuant to the Enterprise Income Tax Law and its implementation
rules, if a non-resident enterprise has not set up an organization or establishment in China, or
has set up an organization or establishment but the income derived has no actual connection
with such organization or establishment, it will be subject to a withholding tax on its PRC-sourced
income at a rate of 10%. Pursuant to the Arrangement between Mainland China and the Hong
Kong Special Administrative Region for the Avoidance of Double Taxation and Tax Evasion on
Income, the tax rate in respect to dividends paid by a PRC enterprise to a Hong Kong enterprise is
reduced to 5% from a standard rate of 10% if the Hong Kong enterprise directly holds at least 25%
of the PRC enterprise. Pursuant to STA Circular 81, a Hong Kong resident enterprise must meet
the following conditions, among others, in order to enjoy the reduced tax rate: (i) it must directly
own the required percentage of equity interests and voting rights in the PRC resident enterprise;
and (ii) it must have directly owned such percentage in the PRC resident enterprise throughout
the 12 months prior to receiving the dividends. Furthermore, the Administrative Measures for
Non-Resident Enterprises to Enjoy Treatments under Treaties, which took effect in January 2020,
require that non-resident enterprises must obtain approval from the tax authority in order to enjoy
the reduced tax rate. There are also other conditions for enjoying the reduced tax rate according to
other tax rules and regulations. Accordingly, our subsidiaries may be able to enjoy the 5% tax rate
for the dividends it receives from its PRC incorporated subsidiaries if they satisfy the conditions
prescribed under STA Circular 81 and other tax rules and regulations and obtain the approvals as
required. However, according to STA Circular 81, if the tax authorities determine our transactions
or arrangements are for the primary purpose of enjoying a favorable tax treatment, the tax
authorities may adjust the favorable tax rate on dividends in the future.



                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2024      259
      PART I


                 Provided that our Cayman Islands holding company, NIO Inc., is not deemed to be a PRC resident
                 enterprise, holders of our ADSs and Class A ordinary shares who are not PRC residents will not
                 be subject to PRC income tax on dividends that we distributed or gains realized from the sale
                 or other disposition of our shares or ADSs. Circular 7 further clarifies that, if a non-resident
                 enterprise derives income by acquiring and selling shares in an offshore listed enterprise in the
                 public market, such income will not be subject to PRC tax. However, there is uncertainty as to the
                 application of Circular 7, we and our non-PRC resident investors may be at risk of being required
                 to file a return and being taxed under Circular 7 and we may be required to expend valuable
                 resources to comply with Circular 7 or to establish that we should not be taxed under Circular 7.
                 See “Item 3. Key Information – D. Risk Factors – Risks Related to Doing Business in China – We
                 face uncertainty with respect to indirect transfers of equity interests in PRC resident enterprises
                 by their non-PRC holding companies.”


                 United States Federal Income Taxation

                 The following discussion is a summary of U.S. federal income tax considerations generally
                 applicable to the ownership and disposition of our ADSs or Class A ordinary shares by a U.S.
                 Holder (as defined below) that acquires our ADSs and holds our ADSs as “capital assets” (generally,
                 property held for investment) under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the
                 “Code”), and the Treasury Regulations promulgated thereunder. This discussion is based upon
                 existing U.S. federal income tax law, which is subject to differing interpretations or changes,
                 possibly with retroactive effect. There can be no assurance that the Internal Revenue Service (the
                 “IRS”) or a court will not take a contrary position. This discussion, moreover, does not address
                 the U.S. federal estate, gift, Medicare, minimum tax, and other non-income tax considerations
                 or any state, local and non-U.S. tax considerations, relating to the ownership or disposition of
                 our ADSs or Class A ordinary shares. The following summary does not address all aspects of U.S.
                 federal income taxation that may be important to particular investors in light of their individual
                 circumstances or to persons in special tax situations such as:


                 •   banks and other financial institutions;


                 •   insurance companies;


                 •   pension plans;


                 •   cooperatives;


                 •   regulated investment companies;


                 •   real estate investment trusts;


                 •   broker-dealers;


                 •   traders that elect to use a mark-to-market method of accounting;




260   NIO Inc.
                                                                                           PART I


•   certain former U.S. citizens or long-term residents;


•   tax-exempt entities (including private foundations);


•   persons who acquire ADSs or Class A ordinary shares pursuant to any employee share option
    or otherwise as compensation;


•   persons holding ADSs or Class A ordinary shares as part of a straddle, hedge, conversion,
    constructive sale or other integrated transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes;


•   persons who have a functional currency other than the U.S. dollar;


•   persons who directly, indirectly, constructively own 10% or more of our stock (by vote or value);
    or


•   partnerships or other entities taxable as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes, or
    persons holding ADSs or Class A ordinary shares through such entities.


All of the foregoing may be subject to tax rules that differ significantly from those discussed
below.


Each U.S. Holder is urged to consult its tax advisor regarding the application of U.S. federal
taxation to its particular circumstances, and the state, local, non-U.S. and other tax
considerations of the ownership and disposition of our ADSs or Class A ordinary shares.


General

For purposes of this discussion, a “U.S. Holder” is a beneficial owner of our ADSs or Class A
ordinary shares that is, for U.S. federal income tax purposes:


•   an individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States;


•   a corporation (or other entity treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes)
    created in, or organized under the law of the United States or any state thereof or the District
    of Columbia;


•   an estate the income of which is includible in gross income for U.S. federal income tax
    purposes regardless of its source; or


•   a trust (A) the administration of which is subject to the primary supervision of a U.S. court and
    which has one or more U.S. persons who have the authority to control all substantial decisions
    of the trust or (B) that has otherwise validly elected to be treated as a U.S. person under the
    Code.




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2024      261
      PART I


                 If a partnership (or other entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes)
                 is a beneficial owner of our ADSs or Class A ordinary shares, the tax treatment of a partner in
                 the partnership will generally depend upon the status of the partner and the activities of the
                 partnership. Partnerships holding our ADSs or Class A ordinary shares and their partners are
                 urged to consult their tax advisors regarding an investment in our ADSs or Class A ordinary shares.


                 For U.S. federal income tax purposes, a U.S. Holder of ADSs will generally be treated as the
                 beneficial owner of the underlying shares represented by the ADSs. The remainder of this
                 discussion assumes that a U.S. Holder of our ADSs will be treated in this manner. Accordingly,
                 deposits or withdrawals of Class A ordinary shares for ADSs will generally not be subject to U.S.
                 federal income tax.


                 Passive Foreign Investment Company Considerations

                 A non-U.S. corporation, such as our company, will be classified as a PFIC for U.S. federal income
                 tax purposes for any taxable year, if either (i) 75% or more of its gross income for such year
                 consists of certain types of “passive” income or (ii) 50% or more of the value of its assets (generally
                 determined on the basis of a quarterly average) during such year is attributable to assets that
                 produce or are held for the production of passive income. For this purpose, cash and assets
                 readily convertible into cash are categorized as passive assets and the company’s goodwill and
                 other unbooked intangibles are taken into account. Passive income generally includes, among
                 other things, dividends, interest, rents, royalties, and gains from the disposition of passive assets.
                 We will be treated as owning a proportionate share of the assets and earning a proportionate
                 share of the income of any other corporation in which we own, directly or indirectly, 25% or more
                 (by value) of the stock.


                 Although the law in this regard is not entirely clear, we treat the VIEs as being owned by us for U.S.
                 federal income tax purposes because we control their management decisions and are entitled
                 to substantially all of the economic benefits associated with these entities, and as a result, we
                 consolidate their results of operations in our consolidated U.S. GAAP financial statements. If it
                 were determined, however, that we do not own the VIEs for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we
                 may be treated as a PFIC for the current taxable year and any subsequent taxable year.




262   NIO Inc.
                                                                                         PART I


Assuming that we are the owner of the VIEs for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and based upon
our current and expected income and assets, we do not believe that we were a PFIC for the taxable
year ended December 31, 2024. However, no assurance can be given that we will not be or become
a PFIC in the current or future taxable years because the determination of whether we will be or
become a PFIC is a factual determination made annually that will depend, in part, upon the nature
and composition of our income and assets (in particular, the retention of substantial amounts of
cash and investments). Fluctuations in the market price of our ADSs or Class A ordinary shares
may cause us to be classified as a PFIC for the current or future taxable years because the
value of our assets for purposes of the asset test, including the value of our goodwill and other
unbooked intangibles, may be determined by reference to the market price of our ADSs or Class
A ordinary shares, which may be volatile. In particular, recent declines in the market price of the
ADSs and Class A ordinary shares increased our risk of becoming a PFIC. The market price of the
ADSs and Class A ordinary shares may continue to fluctuate considerably and, consequently,
we cannot assure you of our PFIC status for any taxable year. Furthermore, the composition of
our income and assets may also be affected by how, and how quickly, we use our liquid assets.
Under circumstances where our passive income significantly increases relative to our non-passive
income, or where we determine not to deploy significant amounts of cash for active purposes, our
risk of becoming classified as a PFIC may substantially increase.


If we are classified as a PFIC for any year during which a U.S. Holder holds our ADSs or Class A
ordinary shares, the PFIC rules discussed below under “–Passive Foreign Investment Company
Rules” generally will apply to such U.S. Holder for such taxable year, and unless the U.S. Holder
makes certain elections, will apply in future years even if we cease to be a PFIC.


The discussion below under “–Dividends” and “–Sale or Other Disposition” is written on the basis
that we will not be or become classified as a PFIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes. The U.S.
federal income tax rules that apply generally if we are treated as a PFIC are discussed below
under “–Passive Foreign Investment Company Rules.”




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2024    263
      PART I


                 Dividends

                 Subject to the discussion below under “–Passive Foreign Investment Company Rules,” any cash
                 distributions (including the amount of any PRC tax withheld) paid on our ADSs or Class A ordinary
                 shares out of our current or accumulated earnings and profits, as determined under U.S. federal
                 income tax principles, will generally be includible in the gross income of a U.S. Holder as dividend
                 income on the day actually or constructively received by the U.S. Holder, in the case of Class A
                 ordinary shares, or by the depositary, in the case of ADSs. Because we do not intend to determine
                 our earnings and profits on the basis of U.S. federal income tax principles, any distribution we pay
                 will generally be treated as a “dividend” for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Dividends received
                 on our ADSs or Class A ordinary shares will not be eligible for the dividends received deduction
                 allowed to corporations. A non-corporate U.S. Holder will be subject to tax at the lower capital gain
                 tax rate applicable to “qualified dividend income,” provided that certain conditions are satisfied,
                 including that (1) our ADSs are readily tradeable on an established securities market in the United
                 States, or, in the event that we are deemed to be a PRC resident enterprise under the PRC tax
                 law, we are eligible for the benefit of the United States-PRC income tax treaty (the “Treaty”), (2)
                 we are neither a PFIC nor treated as such with respect to such a U.S. Holder (as discussed below)
                 for the taxable year in which the dividend was paid and the preceding taxable year, and (3) certain
                 holding period requirements are met. We expect our ADSs (but not our Class A ordinary shares)
                 will be considered readily tradeable on the New York Stock Exchange, which is an established
                 securities market in the United States. There can be no assurance, however, that our ADSs will be
                 considered readily tradeable on an established securities market in later years.


                 In the event that we are deemed to be a PRC resident enterprise under the PRC Enterprise Income
                 Tax Law (see “–People’s Republic of China Taxation” above), we may be eligible for the benefits of
                 the Treaty. If we are eligible for such benefits, dividends we pay on our Class A ordinary shares,
                 regardless of whether such shares are represented by the ADSs, would be eligible for the reduced
                 rates of taxation described in the preceding paragraph.


                 Dividends will generally be treated as income from foreign sources for U.S. foreign tax credit
                 purposes and will generally constitute passive category income. Depending on the U.S. Holder’s
                 individual facts and circumstances, a U.S. Holder may be eligible, subject to a number of complex
                 limitations, to claim a foreign tax credit in respect of any foreign withholding taxes imposed on
                 dividends received on our ADSs or Class A ordinary shares. A U.S. Holder who does not elect to
                 claim a foreign tax credit for foreign tax withheld may instead claim a deduction, for U.S. federal
                 income tax purposes, in respect of such withholding, but only for a year in which such holder
                 elects to do so for all creditable foreign income taxes. The rules governing the foreign tax credit
                 are complex and their outcome depends in large part on the U.S. Holder’s individual facts and
                 circumstances. Accordingly, U.S. Holders are urged to consult their tax advisors regarding the
                 availability of the foreign tax credit under their particular circumstances.




264   NIO Inc.
                                                                                              PART I


Sale or Other Disposition

Subject to the discussion below under “–Passive Foreign Investment Company Rules,” a U.S.
Holder will generally recognize capital gain or loss upon the sale or other disposition of ADSs
or Class A ordinary shares in an amount equal to the difference between the amount realized
upon the disposition and the holder’s adjusted tax basis in such ADSs or Class A ordinary shares.
Any capital gain or loss will be long-term if the ADSs or Class A ordinary shares have been held
for more than one year and will generally be U.S.-source gain or loss for U.S. foreign tax credit
purposes. Long-term capital gain of non-corporate U.S. Holders is generally eligible for a reduced
rate of taxation. In the event that gain from the disposition of the ADSs or Class A ordinary shares
is subject to tax in the PRC, such gain may be treated as PRC-source gain under the Treaty.
Pursuant to Treasury Regulations, however, if a U.S. Holder is not eligible for the benefits of the
Treaty or does not elect to apply the Treaty, then such holder may not be able to claim a foreign
tax credit arising from any PRC tax imposed on the disposition of our ADSs or Class A ordinary
shares. The deductibility of a capital loss may be subject to limitations. U.S. Holders are urged
to consult their tax advisors regarding the tax consequences if a foreign tax is imposed on a
disposition of our ADSs or Class A ordinary shares, including the availability of the foreign tax
credit or deduction under their particular circumstances, their eligibility for benefits under the
Treaty and the potential impact of the Treasury Regulations.


Passive Foreign Investment Company Rules

If we are classified as a PFIC for any taxable year during which a U.S. Holder holds our ADSs
or Class A ordinary shares, and unless the U.S. Holder makes a mark-to-market election (as
described below), the U.S. Holder will generally be subject to special tax rules on (i) any excess
distribution that we make to the U.S. Holder (which generally means any distribution paid during a
taxable year to a U.S. Holder that is greater than 125 percent of the average annual distributions
paid in the three preceding taxable years or, if shorter, the U.S. Holder’s holding period for the
ADSs or Class A ordinary shares), and (ii) any gain realized on the sale or other disposition of ADSs
or Class A ordinary shares. Under the PFIC rules:


•   the excess distribution or gain will be allocated ratably over the U.S. Holder’s holding period for
    the ADSs or Class A ordinary shares;


•   the amount allocated to the current taxable year and any taxable years in the U.S. Holder’s
    holding period prior to the first taxable year in which we are classified as a PFIC (each, a “pre-
    PFIC year”), will be taxable as ordinary income;


•   the amount allocated to each prior taxable year, other than a pre-PFIC year, will be subject to
    tax at the highest tax rate in effect for individuals or corporations, as appropriate, for that year;
    and


•   an additional tax equal to the interest charge generally applicable to underpayments of tax will
    be imposed on the tax attributable to each prior taxable year, other than a pre-PFIC year.




                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024       265
      PART I


                 If we are a PFIC for any taxable year during which a U.S. Holder holds our ADSs or Class A ordinary
                 shares and any of our subsidiaries, the VIEs or any of the subsidiaries of the VIEs are also a PFIC,
                 such U.S. Holder would be treated as owning a proportionate amount (by value) of the shares of
                 the lower-tier PFIC for purposes of the application of these rules. U.S. Holders are urged to consult
                 their tax advisors regarding the application of the PFIC rules to any of our subsidiaries, the VIEs or
                 any of the subsidiaries of the VIEs.


                 As an alternative to the foregoing rules, a U.S. Holder of “marketable stock” in a PFIC may make a
                 mark-to-market election with respect to such stock, provided that such stock is regularly traded
                 on a qualified exchange, as defined in applicable U.S. Treasury regulations. For those purposes,
                 our ADSs, but not our Class A ordinary shares, are traded on the New York Stock Exchange which
                 is a qualified exchange. We anticipate that our ADSs should qualify as being regularly traded,
                 but no assurances may be given in this regard. If a U.S. Holder makes this election, the holder
                 will generally (i) include as ordinary income for each taxable year that we are a PFIC the excess,
                 if any, of the fair market value of ADSs held at the end of the taxable year over the adjusted tax
                 basis of such ADSs and (ii) deduct as an ordinary loss the excess, if any, of the adjusted tax basis
                 of the ADSs over the fair market value of such ADSs held at the end of the taxable year, but such
                 deduction will only be allowed to the extent of the amount previously included in income as a
                 result of the mark-to-market election. The U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in the ADSs would
                 be adjusted to reflect any income or loss resulting from the mark-to-market election. If a U.S.
                 Holder makes a mark-to-market election in respect of a corporation classified as a PFIC and such
                 corporation ceases to be classified as a PFIC, the holder will not be required to take into account
                 the gain or loss described above during any period that such corporation is not classified as a
                 PFIC. If a U.S. Holder makes a mark-to-market election, any gain such U.S. Holder recognizes upon
                 the sale or other disposition of our ADSs in a year when we are a PFIC will be treated as ordinary
                 income and any loss will be treated as ordinary loss, but such loss will only be treated as ordinary
                 loss to the extent of the net amount previously included in income as a result of the mark-to-
                 market election.


                 Because a mark-to-market election technically cannot be made for any lower-tier PFICs that we
                 may own, a U.S. Holder may continue to be subject to the PFIC rules with respect to such U.S.
                 Holder’s indirect interest in any investments held by us that are treated as an equity interest in a
                 PFIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes.


                 We do not intend to provide information necessary for U.S. Holders to make qualified electing
                 fund elections which, if available, would result in tax treatment different from (and generally less
                 adverse than) the general tax treatment for PFICs described above.


                 If a U.S. Holder owns our ADSs or Class A ordinary shares during any taxable year that we are a
                 PFIC, the holder must generally file an annual IRS Form 8621. You should consult your tax advisors
                 regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences of owning and disposing of our ADSs or Class
                 A ordinary shares if we are or become a PFIC.




266   NIO Inc.
                                                                                             PART I


F. Dividends and Paying Agents

   Not applicable.


G. Statement by Experts

   Not applicable.


H. Documents on Display

   We are subject to the periodic reporting and other informational requirements of the Exchange
   Act. Under the Exchange Act, we are required to file reports and other information with the SEC.
   Specifically, we are required to file annually a Form 20-F no later than four months after the close
   of each fiscal year. All information we file with the SEC can be obtained over the internet at the
   SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. As a foreign private issuer, we are exempt from the rules under the
   Exchange Act prescribing the furnishing and content of quarterly reports and proxy statements,
   and officers, directors and principal shareholders are exempt from the reporting and short-swing
   profit recovery provisions contained in Section 16 of the Exchange Act.


   We will furnish Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, the depositary of our ADSs, with our
   annual reports, which will include a review of operations and annual audited consolidated financial
   statements prepared in conformity with U.S. GAAP, and all notices of shareholders’ meetings and
   other reports and communications that are made generally available to our shareholders. The
   depositary will make such notices, reports and communications available to holders of ADSs and,
   upon our request, will mail to all record holders of ADSs the information contained in any notice of
   a shareholders’ meeting received by the depositary from us.


   In accordance with NYSE Rule 203.01, we will post this annual report on our website,
   http://ir.nio.com/. In addition, we will provide hardcopies of our annual report to shareholders,
   including ADS holders, free of charge upon request.


I. Subsidiary Information

   Not applicable.


J. Annual Report to Security Holders

   Not applicable.




                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024      267
      PART I


      ITEM 11. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK
                 Foreign Exchange Risk

                 We expect that, in the foreseeable future, the majority of our revenues will be denominated in RMB
                 while our expenses are denominated in RMB and other currencies. As a result, we are exposed to
                 risk related to movements between the RMB and such other currencies. In addition, the value of our
                 ADSs and Class A ordinary shares will be affected by the exchange rate between U.S. dollar and RMB
                 because the value of our business is effectively denominated in RMB, while our Class A ordinary
                 shares and the ADSs will be traded in Hong Kong dollars and U.S. dollars, respectively. Furthermore,
                 we have purchased certain financial products issued by banks, the returns of which could also be
                 affected by the exchange rate between RMB and other currencies.


                 The conversion of Renminbi into foreign currencies, including U.S. dollars, is based on rates set by
                 the People’s Bank of China. The Renminbi has fluctuated against the U.S. dollar, at times significantly
                 and unpredictably. It is difficult to predict how market forces or PRC or U.S. government policy may
                 impact the exchange rate between the Renminbi and the U.S. dollar in the future.


                 To the extent that we need to convert U.S. dollars into Renminbi for our operations, appreciation of
                 the Renminbi against the U.S. dollar would have an adverse effect on the RMB amount we receive
                 from the conversion. Conversely, if we decide to convert Renminbi into U.S. dollars for the purpose
                 of making payments for dividends on our Class A ordinary shares or ADSs or for other business
                 purposes, appreciation of the U.S. dollar against the Renminbi would have a negative effect on the
                 U.S. dollar amounts available to us.


                 Interest Rate Risk

                 Our exposure to interest rate risk relates primarily to the interest rates associated with the
                 outstanding convertible notes we issued and bank loans that bear floating interest rates. The
                 interest rate risk may result from many factors, including, among others, government monetary
                 and tax policies, domestic and international economic and political considerations that are beyond
                 our control. We may incur additional loans or other financing facilities in the future. The objective
                 of interest rate risk management is to minimize financial costs and uncertainties associated with
                 interest rate changes. We strive to effectively manage our interest rate risk by periodic monitoring
                 and responding to risk factors on a timely basis, improve the structure of long-term and short-term
                 borrowings and maintain the appropriate balance between loans with floating interest rates and fixed
                 interest rates.




268   NIO Inc.
                                                                                              PART I


We are subject to interest rate sensitivity on our outstanding 2026 Notes, 2027 Notes, 2029 Notes
and 2030 Notes. We account for our convertible notes on an amortized cost basis and our recognized
value of the convertible notes does not reflect changes in fair value. Also, because convertible notes
we have issued either bear interest at a fixed rate or bear no interest, we have not incurred financial
statement impact resulting from changes in interest rates. However, changes in market interest rates
impact the fair value of the convertible notes along with other variables such as our credit spreads
and the market price and volatility of our ADSs and ordinary shares. Increases in market interest
rates would result in a decrease in the fair value of our outstanding convertible notes and decreases
in market interest rates would result in an increase in the fair value of our outstanding convertible
notes. For information on the maturities and other contractual terms of our convertible notes, see
“Item 5. Operating and Financial Review and Prospects – B. Liquidity and Capital Resources – Cash
Flows and Working Capital.”


With regard to interest rate sensitivity on our bank loans, we present the sensitivity analysis below
based on the exposure to interest rates for interest bearing bank loans with variable interest rates
as of December 31, 2024. The analysis is prepared assuming that those balances outstanding as
of December 31, 2024 were outstanding for the whole financial year. A 1.0% increase or decrease
which represents our management’s assessment of the reasonably possible change in interest rates
is used. Assuming no change in the outstanding balance of our existing interest-bearing bank loans
balances with floating interest rates as of December 31, 2024, a 1.0% increase or decrease in each
applicable interest rate would add or deduct RMB1.3 million (US$0.2 million) to our interest expense
for the year ended December 31, 2024. We have not used any derivative financial instruments to
manage our interest risk exposure.


In addition, we may from time to time invest in interest-earning instruments. Investments in both
fixed rate and floating rate interest-earning instruments carry certain interest rate risk associated
with our investment return. Fixed rate securities may have their fair market value adversely impacted
due to a rise in interest rates, while floating rate securities may produce less income than expected if
interest rates fall.




                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024      269
      PART I


      ITEM 12. DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES OTHER THAN EQUITY SECURITIES
                 A. Debt Securities

                    Not applicable.


                 B. Warrants and Rights

                    Not applicable.


                 C. Other Securities

                    Not applicable.


                 D. American Depositary Shares

                    Fees and Charges Our ADS holders May Have to Pay

                    Holders of our ADSs will be required to pay the following service fees to the depositary bank and
                    certain taxes and governmental charges (in addition to any applicable fees, expenses, taxes and
                    other governmental charges payable on the deposited securities represented by any of ADSs held):


                    Service                                                       Fees

                    •   To any person to which ADSs are issued or to any          Up to US$0.05 per ADS issued
                        person to which a distribution is made in respect of
                        ADS distributions pursuant to stock dividends or other
                        free distributions of stock, bonus distributions, stock
                        splits or other distributions (except where converted
                        to cash)
                    •   Cancellation of ADSs, including the case of               Up to US$0.05 per ADS cancelled
                        termination of the deposit agreement
                    •   Distribution of cash dividends                            Up to US$0.05 per ADS held
                    •   Distribution of cash entitlements (other than cash        Up to US$0.05 per ADS held
                        dividends) and/or cash proceeds from the sale of
                        rights, securities and other entitlements
                    •   Distribution of ADSs pursuant to exercise of rights       Up to US$0.05 per ADS held
                    •   Distribution of securities other than ADSs or rights to   Up to US$0.05 per ADS held
                        purchase additional ADSs
                    •   Depositary services                                       Up to US$0.05 per ADS held on the
                                                                                  applicable record date(s) established
                                                                                  by the depositary bank




270   NIO Inc.
                                                                                          PART I


Holders of our ADSs will also be responsible to pay certain fees and expenses incurred by the
depositary bank and certain taxes and governmental charges (in addition to any applicable fees,
expenses, taxes and other governmental charges payable on the deposited securities represented
by any of your ADSs) such as:


•   Fees for the transfer and registration of ordinary shares charged by the registrar and transfer
    agent for the ordinary shares in Cayman Islands (i.e., upon deposit and withdrawal of ordinary
    shares).


•   Expenses incurred for converting foreign currency into U.S. dollars.


•   Expenses for cable, telex and fax transmissions and for delivery of securities.


•   Taxes and duties upon the transfer of securities, including any applicable stamp duties,
    any stock transfer charges or withholding taxes (i.e., when ordinary shares are deposited or
    withdrawn from deposit).


•   Fees and expenses incurred in connection with the delivery or servicing of ordinary shares on
    deposit.


•   Fees and expenses incurred in connection with complying with exchange control regulations
    and other regulatory requirements applicable to ordinary shares, deposited securities, ADSs
    and ADRs.


•   Any applicable fees and penalties thereon.


The depositary fees payable upon the issuance and cancellation of ADSs are typically paid to
the depositary bank by the brokers (on behalf of their clients) receiving the newly issued ADSs
from the depositary bank and by the brokers (on behalf of their clients) delivering the ADSs to the
depositary bank for cancellation. The brokers in turn charge these fees to their clients. Depositary
fees payable in connection with distributions of cash or securities to ADS holders and the
depositary services fee are charged by the depositary bank to the holders of record of ADSs as of
the applicable ADS record date.




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2024     271
      PART I


                 The depositary fees payable for cash distributions are generally deducted from the cash being
                 distributed or by selling a portion of distributable property to pay the fees. In the case of
                 distributions other than cash (i.e., share dividends, rights), the depositary bank charges the
                 applicable fee to the ADS record date holders concurrent with the distribution. In the case of ADSs
                 registered in the name of the investor (whether certificated or uncertificated in direct registration),
                 the depositary bank sends invoices to the applicable record date ADS holders. In the case of ADSs
                 held in brokerage and custodian accounts (via DTC), the depositary bank generally collects its
                 fees through the systems provided by DTC (whose nominee is the registered holder of the ADSs
                 held in DTC) from the brokers and custodians holding ADSs in their DTC accounts. The brokers and
                 custodians who hold their clients’ ADSs in DTC accounts in turn charge their clients’ accounts the
                 amount of the fees paid to the depositary banks.


                 In the event of refusal to pay the depositary fees, the depositary bank may, under the terms of
                 the deposit agreements, refuse the requested service until payment is received or may set off the
                 amount of the depositary fees from any distribution to be made to the ADS holder.


                 The depositary may make payments to us or reimburse us for certain costs and expenses, by
                 making available a portion of the ADS fees collected in respect of the ADR program or otherwise,
                 upon such terms and conditions as we and the depositary bank agree from time to time.


                 Fees and Other Payments Made by the Depositary to Us

                 Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as the depositary, has agreed to reimburse us for certain
                 expenses we incur that are related to establishment and maintenance of the ADR program upon
                 such terms and conditions as we and the depositary may agree from time to time. The depositary
                 may make available to us a set amount or a portion of the depositary fees charged in respect of
                 the ADR program or otherwise upon such terms and conditions as we and the depositary may
                 agree from time to time. In 2024, we received an after-tax reimbursement payment of US$14.7
                 million from the depositary.


                 Conversion Between Class A Ordinary Shares in Hong Kong and ADSs

                 A. Dealings and Settlement of Class A Ordinary Shares in Hong Kong

                    Our Class A ordinary shares are traded on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in board lots of
                    10 Class A ordinary shares. Dealings in our Class A ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock
                    Exchange will be conducted in Hong Kong dollars.


                    As of the date of this annual report, the transaction costs of dealings in our Class A ordinary
                    shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange include:


                    •   Hong Kong Stock Exchange trading fee of 0.00565% of the consideration of the transaction,
                        charged to each of the buyer and seller;


                    •   Securities and Futures Commission transaction levy of 0.0027% of the consideration of the
                        transaction, charged to each of the buyer and seller;




272   NIO Inc.
                                                                                        PART I


•   AFRC Transaction Levy of 0.00015%, charged per side of the consideration of a transaction,
    collected for the Accounting and Financial Reporting Council (AFRC);


•   transfer deed stamp duty of HK$5.00 per transfer deed (if applicable), payable by the seller;


•   ad valorem stamp duty at a total rate of 0.2% of the value of the transaction, with 0.1%
    payable by each of the buyer and the seller;


•   stock settlement fee, which is currently 0.002% of the gross transaction value, subject to a
    minimum fee of HK$2.00 and a maximum fee of HK$100.00 per side per trade;


•   brokerage commission, which is freely negotiable with the broker (other than brokerage
    commissions for IPO transactions which are currently set at 1% of the subscription
    or purchase price and will be payable by the person subscribing for or purchasing the
    securities); and


•   charge by the Hong Kong share registrar between HK$2.50 to HK$20, depending on the
    speed of service (or such higher fee as may from time to time be permitted under the Hong
    Kong Listing Rules), for each transfer of Class A ordinary shares from one registered owner
    to another, each share certificate canceled or issued by it and any applicable fee as stated
    in the share transfer forms used in Hong Kong.


Investors in Hong Kong must settle their trades executed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
through their brokers directly or through custodians. For an investor in Hong Kong who
has deposited his or her Class A ordinary shares in his or her stock account or in his or
her designated Participant’s stock account of the Central Clearing and Settlement System
established and operated by Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited, or CCASS,
maintained with CCASS, settlement will be effected in CCASS in accordance with the General
Rules of CCASS and CCASS Operational Procedures in effect from time to time. For an investor
who holds the physical certificates, settlement certificates and the duly executed transfer
forms must be delivered to his or her broker or custodian before the settlement date.


An investor may arrange with his or her broker or custodian on a settlement date in respect
of his or her trades executed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. Under the Hong Kong Listing
Rules and the General Rules of CCASS and CCASS Operational Procedures in effect from
time to time, the date of settlement must be the second business day (a day on which the
settlement services of CCASS are open for use by CCASS Participants) following the trade date
(T+2). For trades settled under CCASS, the General Rules of CCASS and CCASS Operational
Procedures in effect from time to time provided that the defaulting broker may be compelled
to compulsorily buy-in by HKSCC the day after the date of settlement (T+3), or if it is not
practicable to do so on T+3, at any time thereafter. HKSCC may also impose fines from T+2
onwards.




                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2024      273
      PART I


                 B. Conversion between Class A Ordinary Shares Trading in Hong Kong and ADSs

                    We have established a branch register of members in Hong Kong, or the Hong Kong share
                    register, which are maintained by our Hong Kong share registrar, Computershare Hong Kong
                    Investor Services Limited. Our principal register of members, or the Cayman share register,
                    are maintained by our principal share registrar, Maples Fund Services (Cayman) Limited in the
                    Cayman Islands.


                    Holders of Class A ordinary shares registered on the Hong Kong share register are able to
                    exchange these Class A ordinary shares into ADSs, and vice versa.


                    In connection with the listing of our Class A ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange,
                    and to facilitate fungibility and conversion between ADSs and Class A ordinary shares and
                    trading between the NYSE and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, we moved a portion of our
                    issued Class A ordinary shares from our register of members maintained in the Cayman Islands
                    to our Hong Kong share register. We are not under any obligation to maintain or increase
                    the number of Class A ordinary shares on the Hong Kong share register to facilitate any
                    withdrawals of ADSs to convert into Class A ordinary shares listed on the Hong Kong Exchange.


                 C. Converting Class A Ordinary Shares Trading in Hong Kong into ADSs

                    An investor who holds Class A ordinary shares registered in Hong Kong and who intends to
                    convert them to ADSs to trade on the NYSE must deposit or have his or her broker deposit the
                    Class A ordinary shares with the depositary’s Hong Kong custodian, Deutsche Bank AG, Hong
                    Kong Branch, or the custodian, in exchange for ADSs.


                    A deposit of Class A ordinary shares trading in Hong Kong in exchange for ADSs involves the
                    following procedures:


                    •   If Class A ordinary shares have been deposited with CCASS, the investor must transfer the
                        Class A ordinary shares to the depositary’s account with the custodian within CCASS by
                        following the CCASS procedures for transfer and submit and deliver a duly completed and
                        signed letter of transmittal to the custodian via his or her broker.


                    •   If Class A ordinary shares are held outside CCASS, the investor must arrange to deposit his
                        or her Class A ordinary shares into CCASS for delivery to the depositary’s account with the
                        custodian within CCASS, and must submit and deliver a duly completed and signed letter of
                        transmittal to the custodian via his or her broker.


                    •   Upon payment of its fees and expenses and of any taxes or charges, such as stamp taxes or
                        stock transfer taxes or fees, if applicable, and subject in all case to the terms of the deposit
                        agreement, the depositary will register the corresponding number of ADSs in the name(s)
                        requested by an investor and will deliver the ADSs as instructed in the letter of transmittal.




274   NIO Inc.
                                                                                           PART I


   For Class A ordinary shares deposited in CCASS, under normal circumstances, the above
   steps generally require two business days, provided that the investor has provided timely and
   complete instructions. For Class A ordinary shares held outside CCASS in physical form, the
   above steps may take 14 business days, or more, to complete. Temporary delays may arise.
   For example, the transfer books of the depositary may from time to time be closed to ADS
   issuances. The investor will be unable to trade the ADSs until the procedures are completed.


D. Converting ADSs to Class A Ordinary Shares Trading in Hong Kong

   An investor who holds ADSs fungible with the ADSs listed on the NYSE and who intends to
   convert his/her ADSs into Class A ordinary shares that trade on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
   must cancel the ADSs the investor holds and withdraw Class A ordinary shares from our
   ADR program and cause his or her broker or other financial institution to trade such Class A
   ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.


   An investor that holds ADSs indirectly through a broker or other financial institution should
   follow the procedure of the broker or financial institution and instruct the broker to arrange
   for cancelation of the ADSs to the depositary for cancelation, and transfer of the underlying
   Class A ordinary shares from the depositary’s account with the custodian within the CCASS
   system to the investor’s Hong Kong stock account. A cancellation fee of up to US$0.05 per ADS
   cancelled will apply.


   For investors holding ADSs directly, subject to the applicable transfer restrictions, the
   following steps must be taken:


   •   To withdraw Class A ordinary shares from our ADR program, an investor who holds ADSs
       may turn in such ADSs at the office of the depositary (and the applicable ADR(s) if the
       ADSs are held in certificated form), and send an instruction to cancel such ADSs to the
       depositary.


   •   Upon payment or net of its fees and expenses and of any taxes or charges, such as stamp
       taxes or stock transfer taxes or fees, if applicable, and subject in all cases to the terms of
       the deposit agreement, the depositary will instruct the custodian to deliver Class A ordinary
       shares underlying the canceled ADSs to the CCASS account designated by an investor.


   •   If an investor prefers to receive Class A ordinary shares outside CCASS, he or she must
       receive Class A ordinary shares in CCASS first and then arrange for the withdrawal from
       CCASS. Investors can then obtain a transfer form signed by HKSCC Nominees Limited
       (as the transferor) and register Class A ordinary shares in their own names with the Hong
       Kong share registrar. For Class A ordinary shares to be received in CCASS, under normal
       circumstances, the above steps generally require two business days, provided that the
       investor has provided timely and complete instructions.




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2024      275
      PART I


                    For Class A ordinary shares to be received outside CCASS in physical form, the above steps
                    may take 14 business days, or more, to complete. The investor will be unable to trade the Class
                    A ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange until the procedures are completed.


                    Temporary delays may arise. For example, the transfer books of the depositary may from
                    time to time be closed to ADS cancellations. In addition, completion of the above steps and
                    procedures for delivery for Class A ordinary shares in a CCASS account is subject to there
                    being a sufficient number of Class A ordinary shares on the Hong Kong share register to
                    facilitate a withdrawal from the ADR program directly into the CCASS system. We are not under
                    any obligation to maintain or increase the number of Class A ordinary shares on the Hong Kong
                    share register to facilitate such withdrawals.


                 E. Depositary Requirements

                    Before the depositary issues and delivers ADSs or permits withdrawal of Class A ordinary
                    shares, the depositary may require:


                    •   production of satisfactory proof of the identity and genuineness of any signature or other
                        information it deems necessary;


                    •   compliance with terms and procedures it may establish, from time to time, consistent with
                        the deposit agreement, including completion and presentation of transfer documents; and


                    •   compliance with U.S. securities law requirements.


                    The depositary may refuse to deliver, transfer, or register issuances, transfers, and
                    cancellations of ADSs generally when the transfer books of the depositary or our Hong Kong
                    share registrar or Cayman Islands share registrar are closed or at any time if the depositary
                    or we determine it advisable to do so, subject to such refusal complying with U.S. federal
                    securities laws.


                    All costs attributable to the transfer of Class A ordinary shares to effect a withdrawal from
                    or deposit of Class A ordinary shares into our ADR program will be borne by the investor
                    requesting the transfer. In particular, holders of Class A ordinary shares and ADSs should note
                    that the Hong Kong share registrar will charge between HK$2.50 to HK$20, depending on the
                    speed of service (or such higher fee as may from time to time be permitted under the Hong
                    Kong Listing Rules), for each transfer of Class A ordinary shares from one registered owner
                    to another, each share certificate canceled or issued by it and any applicable fee as stated in
                    the share transfer forms used in Hong Kong. In addition, holders of Class A ordinary shares
                    and ADSs must pay up to US$5.00 per 100 ADSs (or portion thereof) for each issuance of ADSs
                    and each cancelation of ADSs, as the case may be, in connection with the deposit of Class A
                    ordinary shares into, or withdrawal of Class A ordinary shares from, our ADR program.




276   NIO Inc.
                                                                                        PART I


Conversion Between Class A Ordinary Shares in Singapore and ADSs

A. Clearance and Settlement on the Singapore Exchange

   Our Class A ordinary shares are traded on the Singapore Exchange in board lots of 10 Class
   A ordinary shares. Our Class A ordinary shares that are traded on the Singapore Exchange
   will be cleared and settled under the scripless book-entry settlement system of the Central
   Depository (Pte) Limited, or CDP, and all dealings in and transactions of the Class A ordinary
   shares through the Singapore Exchange will be effected in accordance with the terms and
   conditions for the operation of securities accounts maintained by a depositor with CDP and the
   terms and conditions for CDP to act as depository for foreign securities, as amended from time
   to time.


   Under the Cayman Islands Companies Act, only a person who agrees to become a shareholder
   of a Cayman Islands company and whose name is entered in the register of members of such
   company is considered a member with rights to attend and vote at shareholders’ meetings of
   such company.


   Our Class A ordinary shares trading on the Singapore Exchange are registered in the name of
   CDP or its nominee and held by CDP for and on behalf of persons who maintain, either directly
   or through depository agents, securities accounts. Accordingly, under Cayman Islands laws, a
   shareholder who maintains, either directly or through depository agents, securities accounts
   with CDP, or a NIO CDP depositor, holding our Class A ordinary shares through CDP would
   not be recognized as our shareholder but may be appointed by CDP as its proxy and have the
   direct right to attend and cast votes at such shareholders’ meetings. Shareholders are to take
   note that no option shall be provided to shareholders for them to withdraw and/or deposit
   the Class A ordinary shares from and/or with the CDP in scrip form. Accordingly, in the event
   that a NIO CDP depositor wishes to attend and vote at the shareholders’ meetings in his own
   name, the NIO CDP depositor would have to first convert his Class A ordinary shares trading on
   the Singapore Exchange to ADS trading on the NYSE, before cancelling the ADS with the ADS
   depositary, being Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, and receiving the corresponding
   number of underlying Class A ordinary shares in certificated form in his own name from the
   Cayman share registrar. The NIO CDP depositor must be a registered holder of Class A ordinary
   shares on the Cayman share register prior to the record date for the shareholders’ meeting.


   Our shareholders and ADS holders can convert and transfer shares trading on the Singapore
   Exchange to ADS trading on the NYSE (and vice versa) only on a scripless basis, which involves
   a transfer of shares through the CDP electronic system between the CDP accounts of the
   Singapore custodian of the ADS Depositary, namely DB Nominees (Singapore) Pte Ltd, and
   the shareholder (or his depository agent). In this regard, the shares listed and traded on the
   Singapore Exchange shall be solely Class A ordinary shares underlying ADSs which have been
   registered with the SEC (or exempted, as the case may be) and listed and traded on the NYSE,
   which are unrestricted shares. For the avoidance of doubt, unrestricted shares which are not
   represented by ADSs will not be accepted for deposit into CDP.




                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2024    277
      PART I


                 Our shareholders will not be given an option to deposit and/or withdraw the Class A ordinary
                 shares from and/or with the CDP in scrip form, or the Option, in order to ensure that the
                 Class A ordinary shares trading on the Singapore Exchange are strictly unrestricted shares. If
                 our shareholders are given the Option, there may be a risk of shares which are unregistered
                 with the SEC and/or have yet to be approved by the NYSE for listing, which we refer to as
                 the Restricted Shares, being deposited directly into CDP. Thereafter, it would be practically
                 impossible for our company and the ADS depositary to differentiate between unrestricted
                 shares and Restricted Shares once shares are admitted for trading in scripless form on the
                 Singapore Exchange. Any conversion of Restricted Shares into ADS, without registration with
                 the SEC (or exemption, as the case may be) may further result in non-compliance with the U.S.
                 securities law.


                 Accordingly, the following mechanisms have been put in place to ensure that the Restricted
                 Shares are not listed and traded on the Singapore Exchange:


                 (1) Shareholders would not be given an option to deposit and/or withdraw the Class A ordinary
                    shares from and/or with the CDP in scrip form to prevent shareholders from depositing
                    Restricted Shares into CDP, and accordingly introducing Restricted Shares to the Singapore
                    Exchange for trading; and


                 (2) Before the ADS depositary accepts deposits of shares to issue new ADSs, the ADS
                    depositary would ensure, inter alia, compliance with U.S. securities law requirements, and
                    compliance with the terms and procedures of the ADS depositary which are consistent with
                    the deposit agreement (including completion and presentation of transfer documents).
                    Accordingly, through this process, only unrestricted shares would be permitted for deposit
                    with the ADS depositary for the issuance of the corresponding ADSs for trading on the
                    NYSE.


                 NIO CDP depositors must have their respective securities accounts credited with the number of
                 Class A ordinary shares deposited before they can effect the desired trades. A fee of S$10.00
                 is payable upon the deposit of each instrument of transfer with CDP and the ADS depositary
                 reserves the right to charge additional fees imposed by the ADS depositary, CDP and any
                 brokers to ADS holders and NIO CDP depositors who have made requests for the conversion
                 of ADSs into Class A ordinary shares and vice versa . The above fees may be subject to such
                 charges as may be imposed in accordance with CDP’s prevailing policies or the current tax
                 policies, including GST that may be in force in Singapore from time to time.


                 Transactions in our Class A ordinary shares under the CDP book-entry settlement system
                 will be reflected by the seller’s securities account being debited with the number of Class A
                 ordinary shares sold and the buyer’s securities account being credited with the number of
                 Class A ordinary shares acquired and no transfer stamp duty is currently payable for our Class
                 A ordinary shares that are settled on a book-entry basis.




278   NIO Inc.
                                                                                          PART I


   The Class A ordinary shares traded on the Singapore Exchange will not be fungible with the
   Class A ordinary shares traded on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange as there is no mechanism in
   place to facilitate such transfer of Class A ordinary shares between the Singapore Exchange
   and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.


B. Clearing Fees

   A Singapore clearing fee for trades in our Class A ordinary shares on the Singapore Exchange
   is payable at the rate of 0.0325% of the contract value. The clearing fee, instrument of transfer
   deposit fee and share withdrawal fee may be subject to GST at the prevailing rate of 9.0% (or
   such other rate prevailing from time to time).


   Dealings in our Class A ordinary shares will be carried out in U.S. dollars and will be effected
   for settlement in CDP on a scripless basis. Settlement of trades on a normal “ready” basis on
   the Singapore Exchange generally takes place on the second (2nd) market day following the
   transaction date and payment for the securities between member companies of the Singapore
   Exchange and NIO CDP depositors is generally settled on the following business day. CDP
   holds securities on behalf of depositors in securities accounts. An investor may open a direct
   account with CDP or a sub-account with any depository agent. A depository agent may be a
   member company of the Singapore Exchange, bank, merchant bank or trust company.


C. Dealing of Shares on the Singapore Exchange

   Dealing of Class A ordinary shares on the Singapore Exchange should be conducted with
   member companies of the Singapore Exchange by NIO CDP depositors who hold direct
   securities accounts with CDP or a sub-account with a depository agent.


   Dealings in, and transactions of, Class A ordinary shares on the Singapore Exchange will be
   due for settlement on the second market day following the date of transaction (T+2, or the
   Settlement Date), and payment for the securities is generally settled on the following business
   day. NIO CDP depositors selling Class A ordinary shares should ensure that there are sufficient
   Class A ordinary shares in their direct securities account with CDP or their sub-account with
   a depository agent on the Settlement Date. Settlement of dealings through the CDP direct
   securities account or sub-account with a depository agent shall be made in accordance with
   CDP’s “Terms and Conditions for Operation of Securities Accounts with CDP,” and the “Terms
   and Conditions for CDP to Act as Depository for Foreign Securities,” as amended from time to
   time. Investors should take note that they would need to maintain a direct account with CDP
   or a sub-account with any depository agent before they can hold and/or trade the Class A
   ordinary shares on the Singapore Exchange. If you do not currently have a direct account with
   CDP or a sub-account with a depository agent through which you can trade securities on the
   Singapore Exchange, please open an account with CDP or contact a broker to open an account.




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2024      279
      PART I


                 D. Instructions for the Cancellation of ADS Traded on NYSE and Withdrawal of Physical Class A
                    Ordinary Share Certificates

                    ADS holders may turn in their ADS at the ADS depositary’s corporate trust office or by
                    providing appropriate instructions to their U.S. broker for cancellation and withdrawal of the
                    underlying shares. In cases where the ADS holder would like to cancel their ADS and withdraw
                    the underlying shares in the form of physical Class A share certificates, the ADS holder or the
                    holder’s U.S. broker would need to inform us and the ADS depositary that they would like to
                    receive the shares in this form. Upon payment of its fees, expenses and any taxes or charges,
                    such as stamp taxes or stock transfer taxes or fees, and subject in all cases to the terms
                    and conditions of the deposit agreement, the ADS depositary will deliver the Class A ordinary
                    shares on the Cayman share register and any other deposited securities underlying the ADSs
                    to the ADS holder or a person designated by the ADS holder at the office of the custodian of
                    the ADS depositary. Or, at the request, risk and expense of the ADS holder, the ADS depository
                    will deliver the deposited securities at its corporate trust office, to the extent permitted by law.
                    The mechanism for cancelling ADSs and receiving Class A ordinary shares for trading on the
                    Singapore Exchange is described below.


                    Temporary delays may arise. For example, the transfer books of the ADS depositary may from
                    time to time be closed to ADS cancellations.


                 E. No Withdrawal or Deposit of Class A Ordinary Shares in Scrip Form from or with the CFP

                    Shareholders should note that they will not be permitted to withdraw or deposit the Class A
                    ordinary shares from or with the CDP in scrip form, so as to ensure that the fungible ADSs and
                    Class A ordinary shares trading on the NYSE and the Singapore Exchange respectively have
                    either been registered under the Securities Act or are otherwise freely tradable pursuant to an
                    exemption from registration under the Securities Act. In the event that any NIO CDP depositor
                    wishes to withdraw his Class A ordinary shares in scrip form for whatsoever reason, the NIO
                    CDP depositor would have to first convert his Class A ordinary shares trading on the Singapore
                    Exchange to ADS trading on the NYSE, before cancelling the ADS with the ADS depositary and
                    receiving such Class A ordinary shares in physical share certificates as registered holder.
                    The instructions for the cancellation of ADSs traded on the NYSE and withdrawal of physical
                    certificates of Class A ordinary shares are as set out above.




280   NIO Inc.
                                                                                        PART I


F. Mechanism for Conversion and Transfer of Class A Ordinary Shares Trading on the Singapore
   Exchange to ADSs for trading on the NYSE

   Conversion of Class A ordinary shares on the Singapore Exchange to ADSs for trading on the
   NYSE will only be carried out on a scripless basis. A NIO CDP depositor whose Class A ordinary
   shares are held through CDP (either directly or through a depository agent) and wishes to
   convert and transfer his Class A ordinary share to ADS for trading on the NYSE, shall first
   provide ADS issuance instructions to the Singapore custodian of the ADS depositary, namely
   DB Nominees (Singapore) Pte Ltd, in the form of a letter of transmittal (LOT) through his
   Singapore broker, providing key information including but not limited to the number of ADSs to
   be issued, the ADS delivery information, and such other documentation as the ADS depositary
   may require pursuant to the deposit agreement. Immediately thereafter, the Singapore broker,
   on behalf of the NIO CDP depositor, shall make a Free of Payment (FOP) transfer of the relevant
   number of the Class A ordinary shares to DB Nominees (Singapore) Pte Ltd through the CDP
   electronic system. The cut-off time for providing the ADS issuance instructions in the form
   of a letter of transmittal and for the Singapore broker to make the FOP transfer is 11:30 a.m.
   (Singapore time).


   Such issuances are subject in all cases to the terms of the deposit agreement. All forms and
   declarations required by the ADS depositary must be fully completed, provided in a timely
   manner, duly signed and submitted to the ADS depositary with the instruction to credit the
   relevant number of ADSs in DTC. Upon receipt of the relevant number of Class A ordinary
   shares, DB Nominees (Singapore) Pte Ltd shall forward the corresponding letter of transmittal
   to the ADS depositary. Following which, the ADS depositary shall issue the relevant number of
   ADSs as instructed by the letter of transmittal for delivery through the DTC settlement system
   to the designated DTC securities account (whether held directly by the NIO CDP depositor or
   through a U.S. broker) upon payment of its fees, expenses and any taxes or charges such as
   stamp taxes or stock transfer taxes or fees.


   The conversion and transfer of Class A ordinary shares in a securities account held with CDP to
   ADS in the NIO CDP depositor’s securities account opened with his U.S. broker would normally
   take approximately two (2) business days from the time the ADS depositary (and/or any of its
   agents in Singapore) receives the underlying Class A ordinary shares and the ADS issuance
   instructions with the necessary documents, barring any closure of the transfer books of the
   ADS depositary or any other unforeseen circumstances and assuming that all requisite forms/
   instructions have been duly completed and provided, and necessary payment for all associated
   fees has been made.


   Please note that in all cases of transfers referred to in this section, there should not be
   any change or difference, or purported change or difference, in the beneficial owner of the
   underlying Class A ordinary share before and after transfer of Class A ordinary shares trading
   on the Singapore Exchange to ADSs for trading on the NYSE.




                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2024     281
      PART I


                    You may be charged with applicable fees by your broker or custodian in Singapore. Please note
                    that the transfer process and/or fees payable are subject to change. For further information
                    or copies of the forms, please contact the Company and the ADS depositary directly. For the
                    avoidance of doubt, all fees and taxes (including stamp duties) incurred during the transfer
                    process shall be borne by the ADS holder.


                 G. Mechanism for Conversion and Transfer of ADSs Trading on NYSE to Class A Ordinary Shares
                    for Trading on the Singapore Exchange

                    Conversion and transfer of ADSs to Class A ordinary shares for trading on the Singapore
                    Exchange will only be carried out on a scripless basis. As an ADS holder, if you wish to trade
                    your underlying Class A ordinary shares on the Singapore Exchange, you must first instruct
                    your U.S. broker to convert the ADSs which you hold in NYSE into Class A ordinary shares
                    through the submission of an ADR cancellation instruction for the purpose of cancellation
                    and withdrawal. The U.S. broker will subsequently surrender the ADSs to the ADS Depositary
                    (through DTC), and provide the ADS Depositary with the ADR cancellation instruction and pay
                    the ADS Depositary’s fees, expenses and any applicable taxes or charges, such as stamp taxes
                    or stock transfer taxes or fees.


                    Such cancellations and withdrawals are subject in all cases to the terms of the deposit
                    agreement. All forms and declarations required by the ADS Depositary must be fully
                    completed, provided in a timely manner, duly signed and submitted to the ADS Depositary
                    with the instruction to credit the relevant number of Class A ordinary shares into a securities
                    account opened with CDP. The ADS Depositary and its custodian shall electronically transfer
                    the relevant number of Class A ordinary shares through the scripless system operated by CDP
                    from their securities account to your designated securities account (either in your direct name
                    or maintained under your Singapore broker as a depository agent).


                    The conversion and transfer of ADSs on NYSE to Class A ordinary shares in the NIO CDP
                    depositor’s securities account opened with CDP or his securities sub-account maintained
                    with a Depository Agent would normally take approximately two (2) business days to complete
                    from the time the ADS Depositary receives the ADSs for cancellation, any applicable fees and
                    the ADS cancellation instructions with the necessary documents, barring any closure of the
                    transfer books of the ADS Depositary or any other unforeseen circumstances and assuming
                    that all requisite forms/instructions have been duly completed and provided, and necessary
                    payment for all associated fees has been made.


                    Please note that in all cases of transfers referred to in this section, there should not be
                    any change or difference, or purported change or difference, in the beneficial owner of the
                    underlying Class A ordinary share before and after transfer of ADSs trading on the NYSE to
                    Class A ordinary shares trading on the Singapore Exchange.




282   NIO Inc.
                                                                                         PART I


   You may be charged with applicable fees by your broker or custodian in the U.S. Please note
   that the transfer process and/or fees payable are subject to change. For further information
   or copies of the forms, please contact the Company and the ADS Depositary directly. For the
   avoidance of doubt, all fees and taxes (including stamp duties) incurred during the transfer
   process shall be borne by the ADS holder. For the avoidance of doubt, no specific consent or
   approval by the Company will be required for the conversion and transfer of ADS on the NYSE
   to Class A ordinary shares for trading on the Singapore Exchange by shareholders and vice
   versa.


H. Voting Instructions

   ADS holders are not treated as shareholders and accordingly, do not have shareholder rights.
   As the ADS depositary holds the legal title to our Class A ordinary shares represented by the
   ADSs, ADS holders must rely on the ADS depositary to exercise the rights of a shareholder.
   The obligations of the ADS depositary, rights and obligations of the ADS holders, including
   processes related to the voting of the Class A ordinary shares underlying the ADSs, are
   governed by the conditions of the deposit agreement. Under the Cayman Islands law, every
   other person who has agreed to become a member of a Cayman Islands company and whose
   name is entered in the register of members of such company is considered a member.
   Accordingly, a NIO CDP depositor holding Class A ordinary shares through CDP would not be
   recognized as our shareholder under the laws of the Cayman Islands but would be appointed
   as a proxy of CDP (which is a registered shareholder), and have the right to attend general
   meetings of our shareholders and to cast any votes at such meetings.


   Where applicable and/or required, we will coordinate with the Singapore share transfer agent
   to mail to NIO CDP depositors, in English, any notice of shareholders’ meetings, together with
   instruction form, or the Voting Instruction Form. The Voting Instruction Form would in turn be
   consolidated by the Singapore share transfer agent. NIO CDP depositors will be able to vote on
   such matters tabled for shareholders’ approval at the shareholders’ meetings by (i) attending
   the meetings and casting votes in person as a proxy appointed by CDP, or (ii) returning the
   Voting Instruction Form by the deadline to CDP or the Singapore share transfer agent, as the
   case may be.


   NIO CDP depositors who wish to attend shareholders’ meetings and exercise their voting rights
   directly under their own names with regard to Class A ordinary shares beneficially owned by
   them, shall first convert their Class A ordinary shares to ADSs in accordance with the above
   section on “F. Mechanism for Conversion and Transfer of Class A Ordinary Shares Trading on
   the Singapore Exchange to ADSs for Trading on the NYSE.” Thereafter, they would need to
   cancel the ADSs and withdraw the underlying physical Class A ordinary share certificate in
   accordance with the above section on “D. Instructions for the Cancellation of ADS Traded on
   NYSE and Withdrawal of Physical Class A Ordinary Share Certificates,” and make appropriate
   arrangements to hold the shares directly prior to the record date for the shareholders’ meeting.




                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2024      283
      PART I


                 I.   ADS Depositary Requirements

                      Before the ADS depositary accepts deposits of Class A ordinary shares, delivers ADSs or
                      permits withdrawal of Class A ordinary shares, the ADS depositary requires:


                      •   production of satisfactory proof of the identity and genuineness of any signature or other
                          information it deems necessary;


                      •   compliance with terms and procedures it may establish, from time to time, consistent
                          with the deposit agreement, including completion and presentation of required transfer
                          documents; and


                      •   compliance with U.S. securities law requirements.


                      The ADS depositary may refuse to deliver, transfer, or register issuances, transfers and
                      cancellations of ADSs generally when the transfer books of the ADS depositary are closed, or
                      at any time if the ADS depositary or our company determines it advisable to do so. In addition,
                      procedures for delivery of Class A ordinary shares in CDP are subject to there being a sufficient
                      number of Class A ordinary shares to facilitate a withdrawal from the ADR program directly into
                      the CDP system. The Company, the ADS depositary and the CDP are not under any obligation
                      to maintain or increase the number of Class A ordinary shares in the CDP system to facilitate
                      such withdrawals.


                      Any affiliate of the Company (as defined in Rule 144(a)(1) of the Securities Act) can only deposit
                      Class A ordinary shares into the ADR program in connection with a contemporaneous sale
                      of such ADSs issued on deposit or related shares on CDP, should they cancel such ADSs and
                      receive the underlying Class A ordinary shares.




284   NIO Inc.
Part II
    PART II
      PART II

      ITEM 13. DEFAULTS, DIVIDEND ARREARAGES AND DELINQUENCIES
                 None.


      ITEM 14. MATERIAL MODIFICATIONS TO THE RIGHTS OF SECURITY HOLDERS AND USE OF
               PROCEEDS
                 Material Modifications to the Rights of Security Holders

                 See “Item 10. Additional Information – B. Memorandum and Articles of Association – Ordinary Shares”
                 for a description of the rights of securities holders, which remain unchanged.


      ITEM 15. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES
                 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

                 Our management, with the participation of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, has
                 performed an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
                 in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report, as
                 required by Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act. Based upon that evaluation, our management,
                 with the participation of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, has concluded that,
                 as of December 31, 2024, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective in ensuring that the
                 information we are required to disclose in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is
                 recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules
                 and forms, and that the information we are required to disclose in the reports that we file or submit
                 under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief
                 executive officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.


                 Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting

                 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over
                 financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act
                 of 1934, as amended. Our internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide
                 reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of
                 financial statements for external purposes in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting
                 Principles (GAAP) in the United States of America and includes those policies and procedures that
                 (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the
                 transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that
                 transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of consolidated financial statements
                 in accordance with GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures of our company are being made only
                 in accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and (3) provide reasonable
                 assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of the unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition
                 of our company’s assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements.




286   NIO Inc.
                                                                                                    PART II


       Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect
       all potential misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are
       subject to the risks that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that
       the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.


       As required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and related rules as promulgated by the
       SEC, our management including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer assessed the
       effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2024 using the criteria
       set forth in the report “Internal Control – Integrated Framework (2013)” published by the Committee
       of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, the management
       concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2024.


       Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

       As required by Rule 13a-15(d), under the Exchange Act, our management, including our chief
       executive officer and our chief financial officer, also conducted an assessment of our internal control
       over financial reporting to determine whether any changes occurred during the period covered by this
       report have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over
       financial reporting. Based on that assessment, it has been determined that there has been no such
       change during the period covered by this annual report.


       Attestation Report of the Registered Public Accounting Firm

       Our independent registered public accounting firm, PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP, has
       audited the effectiveness of our company’s internal control over financial reporting as of December
       31, 2024, as stated in its report, which appears on page F-2 of this annual report on Form 20-F.


ITEM 16A. AUDIT COMMITTEE FINANCIAL EXPERT
       Our board of directors has determined that Mr. Denny Ting Bun Lee, a member of our audit committee
       and independent director (under the standards set forth in Section 303A of the Corporate Governance
       Rules of the NYSE and Rule 10A-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934), is an audit committee
       financial expert.


ITEM 16B. CODE OF ETHICS
       Our board of directors has adopted a code of ethics that applies to all of the directors, officers and
       employees of us and our subsidiaries, whether they work for us on a full-time, part-time, consultative,
       or temporary basis. Certain provisions of the code apply specifically to our chief executive officer,
       chief financial officer, senior finance officer, controller, senior vice presidents, vice presidents
       and any other persons who perform similar functions for us. We have posted a copy of our code of
       business conduct and ethics on our website at https://www.nio.com/policies/compliance-policies.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2024      287
      PART II


      ITEM 16C. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES
                 The following table sets forth the aggregate fees by the categories specified below in connection with
                 certain professional services rendered by PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP and its affiliates,
                 our principal external auditor, for the years indicated. We did not pay any other fees to our principal
                 external auditors during the years indicated below.


                                                                                                     For the Year Ended December 31,

                                                                                                                   2023                      2024

                                                                                                              (in RMB thousands)

                 Audit fees(1)                                                                                  17,338                     13,830
                 Audit related fees     (2)
                                                                                                                       –                          –
                 Tax fees(3)                                                                                      3,488                     1,419
                 Other fees(4)                                                                                      660                        450
                 Total                                                                                          21,486                     15,699


                 Note:

                 (1) “Audit fees” means the aggregate fees billed for professional services rendered by our principal external auditor, including the
                     audits of our annual financial statements and our internal controls over financial reporting and the quarterly reviews of our
                     condensed consolidated financial information, statutory audits for certain of our subsidiaries, and provision of comfort letters,
                     consents and other professional services in relation to our equity and debt offering, Hong Kong listing and Singapore listing.

                 (2) “Audit related fees” means the aggregate fees billed for professional services rendered by our principal external auditor that
                     are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under “Audit
                     fees.”

                 (3) “Tax fees” means the aggregate fees billed in each of the fiscal years listed for professional services rendered by our principal
                     external auditor for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning.

                 (4) “All other fees” means the aggregate fees billed for professional services rendered by our principal external auditor associated
                     with other advisory services.


                 The policy of our audit committee is to pre-approve all audit and other services provided by
                 PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP and its affiliates, including audit services, tax services and
                 other services described above, other than those for de minimis services which are approved by the
                 Audit Committee prior to the completion of the audit.


      ITEM 16D. EXEMPTIONS FROM THE LISTING STANDARDS FOR AUDIT COMMITTEES
                 Not applicable.


      ITEM 16E. PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES BY THE ISSUER AND AFFILIATED
                PURCHASERS
                 None.




288   NIO Inc.
                                                                                                        PART II


ITEM 16F. CHANGE IN REGISTRANT’S CERTIFYING ACCOUNTANT
       Not applicable.


ITEM 16G. CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
       As a Cayman Islands company listed on the New York Stock Exchange, we are subject to the NYSE
       corporate governance listing standards. However, NYSE rules permit a foreign private issuer like
       us to follow the corporate governance practices of its home country. Certain corporate governance
       practices in the Cayman Islands, which is our home country, may differ significantly from the NYSE
       corporate governance listing standards.


       We have chosen to (i) rely on the home country exemption from Section 303A.01 of the NYSE Listed
       Company Manual, which requires a listed company to have a majority of independent directors, (ii)
       rely on the home country exemption from Section 303A.05 of the NYSE Listed Company Manual, which
       requires a listed company to have a compensation committee composed entirely of independent
       directors, and (iii) rely on the home country exemption from Section 303A.08 of the NYSE Listed
       Company Manual, which requires that shareholders be given the opportunity to vote on all equity-
       compensation plans and material revisions thereto. In these respects, and in such other respects
       where we choose to follow home country practice in the future, our shareholders may be afforded
       less protection than they otherwise would under the NYSE corporate governance listing standards
       applicable to U.S. domestic issuers. See “Item 3. Key Information – D. Risk Factors – Risks related
       to our ADSs and Class A Ordinary Shares – Our shareholders may face difficulties in protecting their
       interests, and ability to protect their rights through U.S. courts may be limited, because we are
       incorporated under Cayman Islands law.”


       Other than the home country practice described above, we are not aware of any significant differences
       between our corporate governance practices and those followed by U.S. domestic companies under
       the NYSE corporate governance listing standards.


ITEM 16H. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE
       Not applicable.


ITEM 16I. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS
       Not applicable.


ITEM 16J. INSIDER TRADING POLICIES
       Our board of directors has established insider trading policies and procedures to provide guidance on
       the purchases, sales, and other dispositions of our securities by our directors, officers, employees,
       and consultants, with the goal of promoting compliance with applicable laws, listing rules, and
       regulations relating to insider trading.


       The Amended and Restated Statement of Policies Governing Material, Non-Public Information and
       the Prevention of Insider Trading is filed as Exhibit 11.2 to this annual report on Form 20-F.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2024     289
      PART II


      ITEM 16K. CYBERSECURITY
                 Cybersecurity Risk Management and Strategy

                 We have implemented comprehensive cybersecurity risk assessment procedures to ensure
                 effectiveness in cybersecurity management, strategy and governance and reporting cybersecurity
                 risks. We have also integrated cybersecurity risk management into our overall enterprise risk
                 management system.


                 We have developed a comprehensive cybersecurity threat detection and defense system to address
                 both internal and external threats. This system encompasses various levels, including network, host
                 and application security and incorporates systematic security capabilities for threat protection,
                 detection, monitoring, analysis, response, deception and countermeasures. We strive to manage
                 cybersecurity risks and protect sensitive information through various means, such as technical
                 safeguards, procedural requirements, an intensive program of monitoring on our corporate network,
                 continuous testing of aspects of our security posture internally and with outside vendors, a robust
                 incident response program and regular cybersecurity awareness training for employees. Our
                 cybersecurity-related departments regularly monitor the security risk exposure of our apps, platforms
                 and infrastructure to enable us to respond quickly to potential problems, including potential
                 cybersecurity threats.


                 As of the date of this annual report, we have not experienced any material cybersecurity incidents or
                 identified any material cybersecurity threats that have affected or are reasonably likely to materially
                 affect us, our business strategy, results of operations or financial condition.


                 Cybersecurity Governance

                 Our board of directors is responsible for overseeing risks related to cybersecurity. Our board of
                 directors shall (i) maintain oversight of the disclosure related to cybersecurity matters in current
                 reports or periodic reports of our company, (ii) review updates to the status of any material
                 cybersecurity incidents or material risks from cybersecurity threats to our company, and the
                 disclosure issues, if any, presented by our management on a quarterly basis, and (iii) review
                 disclosure concerning cybersecurity matters in our annual report on Form 20-F presented by our
                 management.




290   NIO Inc.
                                                                                             PART II


At the management level, our CEO, CFO and the head of the departments in connection with
cybersecurity-related matters, including our chief digital safety and security officer, who is an
expert in cybersecurity with over 15 years of academic and industrial experience in security research
and development, operations and management, are responsible for assessing, identifying and
managing cybersecurity risks and monitoring the prevention, detection, mitigation, and remediation
of cybersecurity incidents. Our CEO and CFO report to our board of directors (i) on a quarterly basis
on updates to the status of any material cybersecurity incidents or material risks from cybersecurity
threats to our company, and the disclosure issues, if any, and (ii) in connection with disclosure
concerning cybersecurity matters in our annual report on Form 20-F.


If a cybersecurity incident occurs, our cybersecurity-related departments will promptly organize
personnel for internal assessment. If it is further determined that the incident could potentially be a
material cybersecurity event, the cybersecurity-related departments will promptly report the incident
and assessment results to our CEO and CFO, and, to the extent appropriate, involve external legal
counsels to provide advice. Our management shall prepare disclosure material on the cybersecurity
incident for review and approval by our board of directors before it is disseminated to the public.




                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2024    291
      Part III
      PART III




292   NIO Inc.
                                                                                              PART III

ITEM 17. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       We have elected to provide financial statements pursuant to “Item 18. Financial Statements.”


ITEM 18. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
       The consolidated financial statements of NIO Inc. and its subsidiaries and the related notes are
       included at the end of this annual report.


ITEM 19. EXHIBITS
       Exhibit Number          Description of Document

       1.1                     Thirteenth Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association
                               of the Registrant (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the
                               current report on Form 6-K (File No. 001-38638), furnished with the SEC on
                               August 25, 2022)


       2.1                     Registrant’s Specimen American Depositary Receipt (included in Exhibit 2.3)


       2.2                     Registrant’s Specimen Certificate for Class A ordinary shares (incorporated
                               herein by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the registration statement on Form F-1
                               (File No. 333-226822), as amended, initially filed with the SEC on August 13,
                               2018)


       2.3                     Deposit Agreement, dated as of September 11, 2018, among the Registrant,
                               Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as the depositary, and all holders
                               and beneficial owners of the American Depositary Shares issued thereunder
                               (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the registration statement
                               on Form S-8 (File No. 333-229952), filed with the SEC on February 28, 2019)


       2.4                     Fifth Amended and Restated Shareholders’ Agreement, dated as of
                               November 10, 2017, among the Registrant and the other signatories thereto
                               (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the registration statement
                               on Form F-1 (File No. 333-226822), as amended, initially filed with the SEC on
                               August 13, 2018)


       2.5                     Description of American Depositary Shares of the Registrant (incorporated
                               herein by reference to Exhibit 2.5 to the Company’s Report on Form 20-F (File
                               No. 001-38638), filed with the SEC on May 14, 2020)




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024    293
      PART III



                 Exhibit Number   Description of Document

                 2.6              Description of Class A ordinary shares of the Registrant (incorporated herein
                                  by reference to Exhibit 2.6 to the Company’s Report on Form 20-F (File No.
                                  001-38638), filed with the SEC on May 14, 2020)


                 4.1              2015 Share Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to
                                  the registration statement on Form F-1 (File No. 333-226822), as amended,
                                  initially filed with the SEC on August 13, 2018)


                 4.2              2016 Share Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to
                                  the registration statement on Form F-1 (File No. 333-226822), as amended,
                                  initially filed with the SEC on August 13, 2018)


                 4.3              2017 Share Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to
                                  the registration statement on Form F-1 (File No. 333-226822), as amended,
                                  initially filed with the SEC on August 13, 2018)


                 4.4              2018 Share Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to
                                  the registration statement on Form F-1 (File No. 333-226822), as amended,
                                  initially filed with the SEC on August 13, 2018)


                 4.5              2024 Share Incentive Plan (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.1
                                  to the Company’s Current Report on Form 6-K (File No. 001-38638), filed with
                                  the SEC on February 7, 2024)


                 4.6              Form of Indemnification Agreement, between the Registrant and its directors
                                  and executive officers (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to
                                  the registration statement on Form F-1 (File No. 333-226822), as amended,
                                  initially filed with the SEC on August 13, 2018)


                 4.7              Form of Employment Agreement, between the Registrant and its executive
                                  officers (Non-PRC citizens) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.6
                                  to the registration statement on Form F-1 (File No. 333-226822), as amended,
                                  initially filed with the SEC on August 13, 2018)


                 4.8              Form of Employment Agreement, between the Registrant and its executive
                                  officers (PRC citizens) (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to
                                  the registration statement on Form F-1 (File No. 333-226822), as amended,
                                  initially filed with the SEC on August 13, 2018)


                 4.9              English translation of Power of Attorney, dated as of April 12, 2021,
                                  executed by the shareholders of Beijing NIO, Beijing NIO and Shanghai NIO
                                  (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.10 to the Company’s Report on
                                  Form 20-F (File No. 001-38638), filed with the SEC on April 29, 2022)




294   NIO Inc.
                                                                                    PART III



Exhibit Number   Description of Document

4.10             English translation of Loan Agreements, dated April 12, 2021, between
                 shareholders of Beijing NIO and Shanghai NIO (incorporated herein by
                 reference to Exhibit 4.11 to the Company’s Report on Form 20-F (File No. 001-
                 38638), filed with the SEC on April 29, 2022)


4.11             English translation of Equity Pledge Agreements, dated as of April 12,
                 2021, among shareholders of Beijing NIO, Beijing NIO and Shanghai NIO
                 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.12 to the Company’s Report on
                 Form 20-F (File No. 001-38638), filed with the SEC on April 29, 2022)


4.12             English translation of Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement, dated as of
                 April 12, 2021, between Beijing NIO and Shanghai NIO (incorporated herein by
                 reference to Exhibit 4.13 to the Company’s Report on Form 20-F (File No. 001-
                 38638), filed with the SEC on April 29, 2022)


4.13             English translation of Exclusive Option Agreements, dated as of April 12,
                 2021, among shareholders of Beijing NIO, Beijing NIO and Shanghai NIO
                 (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.14 to the Company’s Report on
                 Form 20-F (File No. 001-38638), filed with the SEC on April 29, 2022)


4.14             English translation of Confirmation and Undertaking Letters, dated as of April
                 12, 2021, executed by shareholders of Beijing NIO (incorporated herein by
                 reference to Exhibit 4.15 to the Company’s Report on Form 20-F (File No. 001-
                 38638), filed with the SEC on April 29, 2022)


4.15             English translation of Consent Letters, dated as of April 12, 2021, executed
                 by the spouses of the shareholders of Beijing NIO (incorporated herein by
                 reference to Exhibit 4.16 to the Company’s Report on Form 20-F (File No. 001-
                 38638), filed with the SEC on April 29, 2022)


4.16             Deposit Agreement for Restricted Securities, dated as of February 4, 2019,
                 among the Registrant, Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as the
                 depositary, and all holders and beneficial owners of the American Depositary
                 Shares issued thereunder (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.24 to
                 the Company’s Report on Form 20-F (File No. 001-38638), filed with the SEC
                 on April 2, 2019)


4.17             English translation of Investment Agreement, dated April 29, 2020, among
                 Hefei Construction Investment Holdings (Group) Co., Ltd., the Registrant, Nio
                 Nextev Limited, NIO Power Express Limited, NIO (Anhui) Holding Co., Ltd. and
                 other parties thereto (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.35 to the
                 Company’s Report on Form 20-F (File No. 001-38638), filed with the SEC on
                 May 14, 2020)




                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2024    295
      PART III



                 Exhibit Number   Description of Document

                 4.18             English translation of Amendment and Supplementary Agreement to
                                  Investment Agreement, dated May 29, 2020, among Hefei Construction
                                  Investment Holdings (Group) Co., Ltd., the Registrant, Nio Nextev Limited, NIO
                                  Power Express Limited, NIO (Anhui) Holding Co., Ltd. and other parties thereto
                                  (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company’s Current
                                  Report on Form 6-K (File No. 001-38638), furnished with the SEC on June 9,
                                  2020)


                 4.19             English translation of Amendment and Supplementary Agreement II to
                                  Investment Agreement, dated June 18, 2020, among Hefei Construction
                                  Investment Holdings (Group) Co., Ltd., the Registrant, Nio Nextev Limited, NIO
                                  Power Express Limited, NIO (Anhui) Holding Co., Ltd. and other parties thereto
                                  (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the Company’s Current
                                  Report on Form 6-K (File No. 001-38638), furnished with the SEC on June 30,
                                  2020)


                 4.20             Indenture, dated as of January 15, 2021, by and between the Registrant, as
                                  issuer, and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee, constituting
                                  US$750 million 0.00% Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 (incorporated herein
                                  by reference to Exhibit 4.39 to the Company’s Report on Form 20-F (File No.
                                  001-38638), filed with the SEC on April 6, 2021)


                 4.21             Form of 0.00% Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 (included in Exhibit 4.23)


                 4.22             Indenture, dated as of January 15, 2021, by and between the Registrant, as
                                  issuer, and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee, constituting
                                  US$750 million 0.50% Convertible Senior Notes due 2027 (incorporated herein
                                  by reference to Exhibit 4.41 to the Company’s Report on Form 20-F (File No.
                                  001-38638), filed with the SEC on April 6, 2021)


                 4.23             Form of 0.50% Convertible Senior Notes due 2027 (included in Exhibit 4.25)


                 4.24†            English translation of Renewal Joint Manufacturing Agreement, by and
                                  between the Registrant, Anhui Jianghuai Automobile Co., Ltd. and Jianglai
                                  Advanced Manufacturing Technology (Anhui) Co., Ltd., dated May 22, 2021
                                  (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.45 to the Company’s Report on
                                  Form 20-F (File No. 001-38638), filed with the SEC on April 29, 2022)




296   NIO Inc.
                                                                                    PART III



Exhibit Number   Description of Document

4.25†            English translation of Manufacturing Cooperation Agreement, by and among
                 NIO Technology (Anhui) Co., Ltd., NIO (Anhui) Co., Ltd., and Anhui Jianghuai
                 Automobile Co., Ltd. dated September 2022 (incorporated by reference to
                 Exhibit 4.46 of the Company’s Report on Form 20-F (File No. 001-38638), filed
                 with the SEC on April 28, 2023)


4.26             English translation of NIO Park (Phase I) Assets Transfer Agreement and
                 its supplementary agreement, each dated December 23, 2022, executed by
                 and between NIO (Anhui) Co., Ltd. and Anhui Jianghuai Automobile Co., Ltd.
                 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.47 of the Company’s Report on Form
                 20-F (File No. 001-38638), filed with the SEC on April 28, 2023)


4.27             English translation of Power of Attorney, dated November 30, 2022, executed
                 by the shareholders of Anhui NIO AT, Anhui NIO AT and Anhui NIO AD.
                 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.48 of the Company’s Report on Form
                 20-F (File No. 001-38638), filed with the SEC on April 28, 2023)


4.28             English translation of Loan Agreements, dated November 30, 2022, between
                 shareholders of Anhui NIO AT and Anhui NIO AD (incorporated by reference to
                 Exhibit 4.49 of the Company’s Report on Form 20-F (File No. 001-38638), filed
                 with the SEC on April 28, 2023)


4.29             English translation of Equity Pledge Agreements, dated November 30,
                 2022, among shareholders of Anhui NIO AT, Anhui NIO AT and Anhui NIO AD
                 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.50 of the Company’s Report on Form
                 20-F (File No. 001-38638), filed with the SEC on April 28, 2023)


4.30             English translation of Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement, dated
                 November 30, 2022, between Anhui NIO AT and Anhui NIO AD (incorporated by
                 reference to Exhibit 4.51 of the Company’s Report on Form 20-F (File No. 001-
                 38638), filed with the SEC on April 28, 2023)


4.31             English translation of Exclusive Option Agreements, dated November 30,
                 2022, among shareholders of Anhui NIO AT, Anhui NIO AT and Anhui NIO AD
                 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.52 of the Company’s Report on Form
                 20-F (File No. 001-38638), filed with the SEC on April 28, 2023)


4.32             English translation of Confirmation and Undertaking Letters, dated November
                 30, 2022, executed by shareholders of Anhui NIO AT (incorporated by
                 reference to Exhibit 4.53 of the Company’s Report on Form 20-F (File No. 001-
                 38638), filed with the SEC on April 28, 2023)




                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2024   297
      PART III



                 Exhibit Number   Description of Document

                 4.33             English translation of Consent Letters, dated November 30, 2022, executed by
                                  the spouses of the shareholders of Anhui NIO AT (incorporated by reference to
                                  Exhibit 4.54 of the Company’s Report on Form 20-F (File No. 001-38638), filed
                                  with the SEC on April 28, 2023)


                 4.34             English translation of Power of Attorney, dated December 12, 2022,
                                  executed by the shareholders of Anhui NIO DT, Anhui NIO DT and NIO China
                                  (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.55 of the Company’s Report on Form
                                  20-F (File No. 001-38638), filed with the SEC on April 28, 2023)


                 4.35             English translation of Loan Agreements, dated December 12, 2022, between
                                  shareholders of Anhui NIO DT and NIO China (incorporated by reference to
                                  Exhibit 4.56 of the Company’s Report on Form 20-F (File No. 001-38638), filed
                                  with the SEC on April 28, 2023)


                 4.36             English translation of Equity Pledge Agreements, dated December 12,
                                  2022, among shareholders of Anhui NIO DT, Anhui NIO DT and NIO China
                                  (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.57 of the Company’s Report on Form
                                  20-F (File No. 001-38638), filed with the SEC on April 28, 2023)


                 4.37             English translation of Exclusive Business Cooperation Agreement, dated
                                  December 12, 2022, between Anhui NIO DT and NIO China (incorporated by
                                  reference to Exhibit 4.58 of the Company’s Report on Form 20-F (File No. 001-
                                  38638), filed with the SEC on April 28, 2023)


                 4.38             English translation of Exclusive Option Agreements, dated December 12,
                                  2022, among shareholders of Anhui NIO DT, Anhui NIO DT and NIO China
                                  (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.59 of the Company’s Report on Form
                                  20-F (File No. 001-38638), filed with the SEC on April 28, 2023)


                 4.39             English translation of Confirmation and Undertaking Letters, dated December
                                  12, 2022, executed by shareholders of Anhui NIO DT (incorporated by
                                  reference to Exhibit 4.60 of the Company’s Report on Form 20-F (File No. 001-
                                  38638), filed with the SEC on April 28, 2023)


                 4.40             English translation of Consent Letters, dated December 12, 2022, executed by
                                  the spouses of the shareholders of Anhui NIO DT (incorporated by reference to
                                  Exhibit 4.61 of the Company’s Report on Form 20-F (File No. 001-38638), filed
                                  with the SEC on April 28, 2023)




298   NIO Inc.
                                                                                    PART III



Exhibit Number   Description of Document

4.41             Share Subscription Agreement, dated June 20, 2023, by and between the
                 Registrant and CYVN Holdings L.L.C. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.44
                 of the Company’s Report on Form 20-F (File No. 001-38638), filed with the
                 SEC on April 9, 2024)


4.42             Registration Rights Agreement, dated June 20, 2023, by and between the
                 Registrant and CYVN Holdings L.L.C. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.45
                 of the Company’s Report on Form 20-F (File No. 001-38638), filed with the
                 SEC on April 9, 2024)


4.43*            Indenture, dated as of September 22, 2023, by and between the Registrant, as
                 issuer, and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee, constituting
                 US$500 million 3.875% Convertible Senior Notes due 2029


4.44*            Form of 3.875% Convertible Senior Notes due 2029 (included in Exhibit 4.43)


4.45*            Indenture, dated as of September 22, 2023, by and between the Registrant, as
                 issuer, and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee, constituting
                 US$500 million 4.625% Convertible Senior Notes due 2030


4.46*            Form of 4.625% Convertible Senior Notes due 2030 (included in Exhibit 4.45)


4.47             Share Subscription Agreement, dated December 18, 2023, by and between
                 the Registrant and CYVN Investments RSC Ltd (incorporated by reference to
                 Exhibit 4.46 of the Company’s Report on Form 20-F (File No. 001-38638), filed
                 with the SEC on April 9, 2024)


4.48†            English translation of Asset Transaction Agreements, dated December 5,
                 2023, by and between NIO Technology (Anhui) Co., Ltd. and Anhui Jianghuai
                 Automobile Group Co., Ltd. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.47 of the
                 Company’s Report on Form 20-F (File No. 001-38638), filed with the SEC on
                 April 9, 2024)


4.49†            Technology License Agreement, dated February 26, 2024, by and between NIO
                 Technology (Anhui) Co., Ltd. and Forseven Limited (incorporated by reference
                 to Exhibit 4.48 of the Company’s Report on Form 20-F (File No. 001-38638),
                 filed with the SEC on April 9, 2024)




                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2024     299
      PART III



                 Exhibit Number   Description of Document

                 4.50*            English translation of NIO China Series B Investment Agreement, dated
                                  September 30, 2024, by and among Hefei Jianheng New Energy Automobile
                                  Investment Fund Partnership (Limited Partnership), Anhui Provincial Emerging
                                  Industry Investment Co., Ltd., CS Capital Co., Ltd., the Registrant, Nio Nextev
                                  Limited, NIO User Enterprise Limited, NIO Power Express Limited and NIO
                                  Holding Co., Ltd.


                 4.51*            English translation of NIO China Shareholders Agreement, dated September
                                  30, 2024, by and among Hefei Jianheng New Energy Automobile Investment
                                  Fund Partnership (Limited Partnership), CS Capital Co., Ltd., Anhui Provincial
                                  Emerging Industry Investment Co., Ltd., Anhui Provincial Sanzhong Yichuang
                                  Industry Development Fund Co., Ltd., Anhui Jintong New Energy Automobile
                                  II Fund Partnership (Limited Partnership), Advanced Manufacturing Industry
                                  Investment Fund II (Limited Partnership), the Registrant, Nio Nextev Limited,
                                  NIO User Enterprise Limited, NIO Power Express Limited and NIO Holding Co.,
                                  Ltd.


                 4.52*            English translation of Amendment and Supplemental Agreement to NIO China
                                  Series B Investment Agreement, dated December 28, 2024, by and among with
                                  Hefei Jianheng New Energy Automobile Investment Fund Partnership (Limited
                                  Partnership), Hefei Jianxiang Investment Co., Ltd., CS Capital Co., Ltd., Anhui
                                  Provincial Emerging Industry Investment Co., Ltd., Anhui Emerging Industry
                                  Yuwen Weiyuan Technology Partnership Enterprise (Limited Partnership),
                                  the Registrant, Nio Nextev Limited, NIO User Enterprise Limited, NIO Power
                                  Express Limited and NIO Holding Co., Ltd.


                 4.53*            English translation of Amendment and Supplemental Agreement to NIO China
                                  Shareholders Agreement, dated December 28, 2024, by and among Hefei
                                  Jianheng New Energy Automobile Investment Fund Partnership (Limited
                                  Partnership), Hefei Jianxiang Investment Co., Ltd., CS Capital Co., Ltd., Anhui
                                  Provincial Emerging Industry Investment Co., Ltd., Anhui Emerging Industry
                                  Yuwen Weiyuan Technology Partnership Enterprise (Limited Partnership),
                                  Anhui Provincial Sanzhong Yichuang Industry Development Fund Co.,
                                  Ltd., Anhui Jintong New Energy Automobile II Fund Partnership (Limited
                                  Partnership), Advanced Manufacturing Industry Investment Fund II (Limited
                                  Partnership), the Registrant, Nio Nextev Limited, NIO User Enterprise Limited,
                                  NIO Power Express Limited and NIO Holding Co., Ltd.


                 8.1*             List of Principal Subsidiaries and Consolidated Variable Interest Entities


                 11.1             Global Code of Business Conduct and Ethics of the Registrant (incorporated
                                  by reference to Exhibit 11.1 of the Company’s Report on Form 20-F (File No.
                                  001-38638), filed with the SEC on April 9, 2024)




300   NIO Inc.
                                                                                                                 PART III



Exhibit Number               Description of Document

11.2*                        Amended and Restated Statement of Policies Governing Material, Non-Public
                             Information and the Prevention of Insider Trading of the Registrant


12.1*                        CEO Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002


12.2*                        CFO Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002


13.1**                       CEO Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002


13.2**                       CFO Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002


15.1*                        Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP


15.2*                        Consent of Han Kun Law Offices


97.1                         Clawback Policy of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 97.1 of
                             the Company’s Report on Form 20-F (File No. 001-38638), filed with the SEC
                             on April 9, 2024)


101. INS*                    Inline XBRL Instance Document – this instance document does not appear
                             in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the
                             Inline XBRL document


101. SCH*                    Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document


101. CAL*                    Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document


101. DEF*                    Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document


101. LAB*                    Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document


101. PRE*                    Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document


104*                         Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)



*   Filed herewith.

** Furnished herewith.

†   Confidential treatment has been requested for certain portions of this exhibit pursuant to Rule 406 under the Securities Act
    and Division of Corporation Finance Staff Legal Bulletin No. 1. In accordance with Rule 406 and Staff Legal Bulletin No. 1,
    these confidential portions have been omitted and filed separately with the SEC.




                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024          301
      SIGNATURES

      The registrant hereby certifies that it meets all of the requirements for filing its annual report on Form 20-F and
      that it has duly caused and authorized the undersigned to sign this annual report on its behalf.


                                                                    NIO Inc.


                                                                    By:        /s/Bin Li
                                                                    Name:      Bin Li
                                                                    Title:     Chairman of the Board of Directors
                                                                               and Chief Executive Officer

      Date: April 8, 2025




302   NIO Inc.
                                                                                   SIGNATURES


EXHIBIT 8.1 LIST OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES AND CONSOLIDATED VARIABLE INTEREST
            ENTITIES
         Subsidiaries:                                                   Place of incorporation

         Nio Nextev Limited                                              Hong Kong
         XPT Limited                                                     Hong Kong
         NEU Battery Asset (Hong Kong) Co., Limited                      Hong Kong
         NIO Power Express Limited                                       Hong Kong
         NIO User Enterprise Limited                                     Hong Kong
         NIO AI Technology Limited                                       Hong Kong
         NIO USA, Inc.                                                   California, United States
         NIO Battery Assets Europe B.V.                                  Netherlands
         New Horizon B.V.                                                Netherlands
         NIO Nextev Europe Holding B.V.                                  Netherlands
         NEU Battery Asset Co., Ltd.                                     Cayman Islands
         NIO AI Technology Limited                                       Cayman Islands
         NIO GmbH                                                        Germany
         NIO Holding Co., Ltd.                                           PRC
         NIO Co., Ltd.                                                   PRC
         NIO (Anhui) Co., Ltd.                                           PRC
         NIO Technology (Anhui) Co., Ltd.                                PRC
         NIO Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.                                 PRC
         XPT (Jiangsu) Investment Co., Ltd.                              PRC
         Shanghai XPT Technology Limited                                 PRC
         XPT (Nanjing) E-Powertrain Technology Co., Ltd.                 PRC
         XPT (Nanjing) Energy Storage System Co., Ltd.                   PRC
         NIO Sales and Services Co., Ltd.                                PRC
         NIO Energy Investment (Hubei) Co., Ltd.                         PRC
         Wuhan NIO Energy Co., Ltd.                                      PRC
         XPT (Jiangsu) Automotive Technology Co., Ltd.                   PRC
         Anhui NIO Autonomous Driving Technology Co., Ltd.               PRC

         Consolidated variable interest entities and their subsidiary:   Place of incorporation

         Beijing NIO Network Technology Co., Ltd.                        PRC
         Anhui NIO AI Technology Co., Ltd.                               PRC
         Anhui NIO Data Technology Co., Ltd.                             PRC
         NIO Insurance Broker Co., Ltd.                                  PRC




                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024   303
      ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

      Weighted Voting Rights Structure

      Our company is controlled through weighted voting rights (“WVR”). Under our WVR structure, each Class A
      ordinary share entitles the holder to exercise one vote, and each Class C ordinary share entitles the holder to
      exercise eight votes, on any resolution tabled at our general meetings, subject to Rule 8A.24 of the Hong Kong
      Listing Rules that requires certain matters (the “Reserved Matters”) to be voted on a one vote per share basis.


      Our WVR structure enables our founder, Mr. Bin Li (the “WVR Beneficiary”), controlling the Class C ordinary
      shares through Originalwish Limited, mobike Global Ltd. and NIO Users Limited, to exercise voting control over
      our company notwithstanding the WVR Beneficiary does not hold a majority economic interest in the share
      capital of our company. This will enable us to benefit from the continuing vision and leadership of our WVR
      Beneficiary who will control our company with a view to our long-term prospects and strategy.


      Shareholders and prospective investors are advised to be aware of the potential risks of investing in our
      company with a WVR structure, in particular that the interests of the WVR Beneficiary may not necessarily
      always be aligned with those of the shareholders as a whole, and that the WVR Beneficiary will be in a position
      to exert significant influence over the affairs of our company and the outcome of shareholders’ resolutions,
      irrespective of how other shareholders vote. Shareholders and prospective investors should make the decision
      to invest in our company only after due and careful consideration.


      As of April 7, 2025, Mr. Bin Li was interested in and controlled through (a) Originalwish Limited, 89,013,451
      Class C ordinary shares, (b) mobike Global Ltd., 26,454,325 Class C ordinary shares, (c) NIO Users Limited,
      14,967,776 Class A ordinary shares and 33,032,224 Class C ordinary shares, and (d) NIO Users Community
      Limited, 2,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, which in total amounts to 16,967,776 Class A ordinary shares and
      148,500,000 Class C ordinary shares on an aggregate basis, representing approximately 36.7% of the voting
      rights in our company with respect to shareholders’ resolutions relating to matters other than certain Reserved
      Matters, calculated based on 2,245,990,598 issued and outstanding ordinary shares as of April 7, 2025,
      comprising of 2,097,490,598 Class A ordinary shares (excluding 18,610,625 Class A ordinary shares issued and
      reserved for future issuance upon the exercising or vesting of awards granted under our stock incentive plans)
      and 148,500,000 Class C ordinary shares.


      NIO Users Community Limited is a British Virgin Islands company wholly owned by NIO Users Limited. NIO Users
      Limited is a British Virgin Islands holding company wholly owned by Maples Trustee Services (Cayman) Limited
      in its capacity as trustee of NIO Users Trust, a trust in which Mr. Bin Li is the settlor, protector, investment
      advisor and the only existing de facto beneficiary as of the date of this annual report. Mr. Bin Li has the power
      to direct the trustee with respect to the retention or disposal of, and the exercise of any voting and other
      rights attached to, the shares held by NIO Users Community Limited and NIO Users Limited in our company.
      Originalwish Limited and mobike Global Ltd. are British Virgin Island companies wholly owned by Mr. Bin Li.


      In the event that the holder of Class C ordinary shares elects to convert the Class C ordinary shares to
      Class A ordinary shares, each Class C ordinary share may be converted into one Class A ordinary share on a
      one-to-one ratio. Upon the conversion of all the issued and outstanding Class C ordinary shares, our company
      will re-designate them into 148,500,000 Class A ordinary shares, representing approximately 6.6% of the total
      issued and outstanding shares of our company (excluding 18,610,625 Class A ordinary shares issued and
      reserved for future issuance upon the exercising or vesting of awards granted under our stock incentive plans)
      as of April 7, 2025.


304   NIO Inc.
                                                                       ADDITIONAL INFORMATION


The WVR attached to the Class C ordinary shares will cease when the WVR Beneficiary no longer has any
beneficial ownership of any of the Class C ordinary shares, in accordance with Rule 8A.22 of the Hong Kong
Listing Rules. This may occur:


(i)     upon the occurrence of any of the circumstances set out in Rule 8A.17 of the Hong Kong Listing
        Rules, in particular where the WVR Beneficiary is: (1) deceased; (2) no longer a member of the board
        of our company; (3) deemed by the Hong Kong Stock Exchange to be incapacitated for the purpose of
        performing his duties as a director; or (4) deemed by the Hong Kong Stock Exchange to no longer meet
        the requirements of a director set out in the Hong Kong Listing Rules;


(ii)    when the WVR Beneficiary has transferred to another person the beneficial ownership of, or economic
        interest in, all of the Class C ordinary shares or the voting rights attached to them, other than in the
        circumstances permitted by Rule 8A.18 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules;


(iii)   where a vehicle holding Class C ordinary shares on behalf of a WVR Beneficiary no longer complies with
        Rule 8A.18(2) of the Hong Kong Listing Rules; or


(iv)    when all of the Class C ordinary shares have been converted to Class A ordinary shares.


Roles of WVR Beneficiary in NIO Users Trust

During the year ended December 31, 2024 and up to the date of this annual report, Mr. Bin Li is the settlor, the
protector, the investment advisor and the only existing de facto beneficiary of NIO Users Trust and continues
to retain the voting rights of the shares in our company controlled by NIO Users Trust and held by NIO Users
Limited. Mr. Li has been the only existing de facto beneficiary who has been specifically named and identified
under the trust deed (the “Trust Deed”) of NIO Users Trust and has full control over the NIO Users Trust as the
sole settlor, sole protector and sole investment advisor since its establishment, although two other categories
of beneficiaries were written in the Trust Deed, including (i) charities (which refers to any company, body or
trust which is (a) charitable in the place where it is situated, registered, incorporated or established and (b)
charitable under the laws of the Cayman Islands) and (ii) any person or class of persons added to the class of
beneficiaries by the protector by deed delivered to the trustee. As of the date of this annual report, no charity
has been identified as the beneficiary and no other person or class of persons has been added by Mr. Li as the
protector to the class of beneficiaries. Therefore, Mr. Li has the sole control over the voting rights attached
to the shares, including Class C ordinary shares, held by NIO Users Limited and Mr. Li is the only person with
economic interest in the trust fund.


Any changes to the roles of the (i) protector, (ii) investment advisor or (iii) beneficiary of NIO Users Trust will
have material impact on our WVR structure due to the power entrusted to them (in the case of the investment
advisor and the protector) or the economic interests vested in them (in the case of the beneficiary) in the Class
C ordinary shares held by NIO Users Limited. Upon the change of any of such roles to any person other than Mr.
Bin Li, the beneficial ownership of, or the economic interest in, the Class C ordinary shares or the control over
the voting rights attached to the shares held by NIO Users Limited will no longer be solely vested in Mr. Bin Li.
Mr. Bin Li may cease to be a protector or investment advisor in the event of death, resignation by written notice
to the trustee, or refusal, unfitness or incapacity to act. In such circumstances, the Class C ordinary shares held
by NIO Users Limited will be automatically converted to Class A ordinary shares pursuant to Rule 8A.18(1) of the
Hong Kong Listing Rules.


                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2024      305
      ADDITIONAL INFORMATION


      During the year ended December 31, 2024 and up to the date of this annual report, there has been no material
      change to the powers, rights and obligations of the (i) protector, (ii) investment advisor, or (iii) beneficiary of NIO
      Users Trust that would have any material impact on our WVR structure.


      Nominating and ESG Committee

      The applicable requirements in relation to corporate governance as set out in Chapter 8A of the Hong Kong
      Listing Rules became applicable to us since March 10, 2022, the date on which listing of and dealings in our
      Class A ordinary shares first commenced on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.


      We have established the Nominating and ESG Committee in compliance with Rules 8A.27, 8A.28 and 8A.30
      of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. All of the members of the Nominating and ESG Committee are independent
      directors, namely, Ms. Yu Long, Mr. Denny Ting Bun Lee and Mr. Hai Wu. Ms. Yu Long is the chairwoman of the
      Nominating and ESG Committee.


      The following is a summary of work that has been performed by the Nominating and ESG Committee during the
      year ended December 31, 2024 in respect of its corporate governance functions as well as other functions under
      its terms of reference:


      •      Made recommendations on the frequency and structure of board meetings and monitored the functioning
             of the committees of the board.


      •      Reviewed and monitored the adequacy of the policies and practices of our company on corporate
             governance and on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements.


      •      Reviewed our company’s compliance with the Corporate Governance Code set out in Appendix C1 to the
             Hong Kong Listing Rules (the “Corporate Governance Code”) to the extent required by Chapter 8A of the
             Hong Kong Listing Rules and our company’s disclosure for compliance with Chapter 8A of the Hong Kong
             Listing Rules.


      •      Reviewed and monitored the management of conflicts of interest between our company and its
             subsidiaries and consolidated affiliated entities (the “Group”), and/or the shareholders on one hand and
             the WVR Beneficiary on the other.


      •      Reviewed and monitored all risks related to the WVR structure, including any connected transactions
             between the Group on one hand and the WVR Beneficiary on the other, and made recommendation to the
             board on any such transaction.


      •      Reviewed the arrangements for the training and continuous professional development of directors and
             senior management (in particular, Chapter 8A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules and knowledge in relation
             to the risks relating to the WVR structure).


      •      Reviewed the written confirmation provided by the WVR Beneficiary, Mr. Bin Li, that (i) he has been a
             member of the board throughout the year ended December 31, 2024 and that no matters under Rule 8A.17
             of the Hong Kong Listing Rules have occurred during the year, and (ii) he has complied with Rules 8A.14,
             8A.15, 8A.18 and 8A.24 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules throughout the year ended December 31, 2024.


306   NIO Inc.
                                                                     ADDITIONAL INFORMATION


•     Sought to ensure effective and ongoing communication between our company and its shareholders,
      particularly with regard to the requirements of Rule 8A.35 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.


•     Reviewed the structure, size and composition (including the skills, knowledge and experience) of the
      board as a whole.


•     Identified and interviewed individuals suitably qualified to become board members and select or make
      recommendations to the board on the selection of individuals nominated for directorships.


•     Assessed the independence of independent directors.


•     Made recommendations to the board on the appointment or re-appointment of directors and succession
      planning for directors.


•     Reviewed committee assignments and the policy on the rotation of committee memberships and/or
      chairpersonships.


•     Reported on the work of the Nominating and ESG Committee on at least a half-yearly and annual basis
      covering areas of its terms of reference.


•     Advised the board periodically with respect to significant developments in the law and practice of
      corporate governance as well as our company’s compliance with applicable laws and regulations, and
      made recommendations to the board on all matters of corporate governance and on any corrective action
      to be taken.


•     Evaluated the performance of the Nominating and ESG Committee by: (i) reviewing whether the
      committee charter appropriately addresses the matters that are or should be within the work scope of
      the Nominating and ESG Committee; and (ii) address matters that the Nominating and ESG Committee
      considers relevant to its performance.


•     Received reports on emerging environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) matters and, in conjunction
      with management, considered how these might impact our company’s ESG strategies, objectives or
      targets.


•     Reviewed the ESG report and discussed ESG related outcomes with management, and presented the
      ESG report to the board for approval.


•     Reviewed the remuneration and terms of engagement of the compliance advisor.


The directors confirm that our company has, throughout the year ended December 31, 2024, complied with the
Corporate Governance Code to the extent required by Chapter 8A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2024   307
      ADDITIONAL INFORMATION


      In particular, the Nominating and ESG Committee has confirmed to the board it is of the view that our
      company has adopted sufficient corporate governance measures to manage the potential conflict of interest
      between our Group and/or shareholders on one hand and the WVR Beneficiary on the other, in order to ensure
      that the operations and management of our company are in the interests of the shareholders as a whole
      indiscriminately. These measures include the Nominating and ESG Committee (i) reviewing and monitoring
      transactions contemplated to be entered into by our Group and making a recommendation to the board on
      any matter where there is a potential conflict of interest between our Group and/or shareholders on one hand
      and the WVR Beneficiary on the other, and (ii) ensuring that (a) any transactions between our Group and the
      WVR Beneficiary are disclosed and dealt with in accordance with the requirements of the Hong Kong Listing
      Rules applicable to us, (b) the terms of transactions between our Group and the WVR Beneficiary are fair and
      reasonable and in the interest of our company and shareholders as a whole, (c) any directors who have a conflict
      of interest abstain from voting on the relevant board resolution, and (d) the compliance advisor is consulted on
      any matters related to transactions between our Group and the WVR Beneficiary or involving a potential conflict
      of interest. The Nominating and ESG Committee recommended the board continue the implementation of these
      measures and periodically review their efficacy towards these objectives.


      Having reviewed the remuneration and terms of engagement of the compliance advisor, the Nominating and
      ESG Committee confirmed to the board that it was not aware of any factors that would require it to consider
      either the removal of the current compliance advisor or the appointment of a new compliance advisor. As a
      result, the Nominating and ESG Committee recommended that the board retain the services of the compliance
      advisor.


      Miscellaneous

      Shareholders’ protection during the period while our company maintains its secondary listing status on the
      Hong Kong Stock Exchange

      In the thirteenth amended and restated articles of association of our company (the “Thirteenth Amended and
      Restated Articles”), we refer to the period commencing from the date on which any of our shares first become
      secondary listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange to and including the date immediately before the day which
      the secondary listing is withdrawn from the Hong Kong Stock Exchange as the relevant period (the “Relevant
      Period”).


      During the Relevant Period:


      (i)     NIO Users Trust will not have any director nomination right;


      (ii)    we shall have only one class of shares with enhanced or weighted voting rights;


      (iii)   our directors shall not have the power to, amongst others, authorize the division of shares, designate a
              new share class with enhanced voting rights or the issue of preferred shares; and


      (iv)    certain restrictions on the WVR structure of our company under Chapter 8A of the Hong Kong Listing
              Rules shall apply, including, among others, (a) no further increase in the proportion of Class C ordinary
              shares to the total number of shares in issue, (b) only a director or a director holding vehicle being
              permitted to hold Class C ordinary shares, and (c) automatic conversion of Class C ordinary shares into
              Class A ordinary shares under certain circumstances.


308   NIO Inc.
                                                                       ADDITIONAL INFORMATION


Notwithstanding the above and at any time after the Relevant Period, the provisions which are subject to the
Relevant Period will continue to apply in the circumstances where our company has a change of listing status on
the Hong Kong Stock Exchange other than in the case where the secondary listing of our company is withdrawn
from the Hong Kong Stock Exchange (referred to in scenario (a) below) pursuant to the applicable Hong Kong
Listing Rules.


Given certain shareholder protection under the Hong Kong Listing Rules will only be applicable during the
Relevant Period, shareholders may be afforded less protection after the Relevant Period as compared with
other companies secondary listed in Hong Kong. In particular, Rules 8A.07, 8A.09, 8A.13, 8A.14, 8A.15, 8A.16,
8A.17, 8A.18, 8A.19, 8A.21, 8A.22, 8A.23 and 8A.24 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules will be rendered no longer
applicable after the Relevant Period pursuant to the Thirteenth Amended and Restated Articles. Furthermore,
after the Relevant Period, (i) NIO Users Trust shall be entitled to nominate one director to the board; and (ii) in
the event that Mr. Bin Li is not an incumbent director and the board is composed of no less than six directors,
NIO Users Trust shall be entitled to nominate one extra director to the board. In addition, after the Relevant
Period, our directors will also have the power to, amongst others, authorize the division of shares, designate a
new share class with enhanced voting rights, or issue preferred shares. Prospective investors are advised to be
aware of the potential risks involved in any potential change of listing venue. For instance, if our shares are no
longer traded on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, investors may lose the shareholder protection mechanisms
afforded under the relevant Hong Kong Listing Rules.


Our company may only cease to be secondary listed under Chapter 19C of the Hong Kong Listing Rules under
one of the following situations:


(a)    withdrawal, in the case where we are primary listed on another stock exchange and voluntarily withdraw
       its secondary listing on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange;


(b)    migration of the majority of trading to the Hong Kong Stock Exchange’s markets, in the case where
       the majority of trading in our listed shares migrates to the Hong Kong Stock Exchange’s markets on a
       permanent basis;


(c)    primary conversion, i.e., a voluntary conversion by our company to a dual-primary listing on the Hong
       Kong Stock Exchange;


(d)    overseas delisting, where the shares or depositary receipts issued on our shares cease to be listed on the
       stock exchange which it is primary listed;


(e)    if the Hong Kong Stock Exchange cancels the listing of our securities; and


(f)    if the SFC directs the Hong Kong Stock Exchange to cancel the listing of our securities.


The scenarios under which we may cease to be secondary listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange are subject
to the changing market conditions, our listing or delisting in other jurisdictions, our compliance with the Hong
Kong Listing Rules and other factors beyond our control. As a result, there are substantial uncertainties relating
to applicability of the shareholders’ rights and protection under the aforementioned provisions of the Thirteenth
Amended and Restated Articles, particularly in the case where we delist from the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.



                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2024      309
      ADDITIONAL INFORMATION


      Appointment of directors

      Our company has appointed two directors during the year ended December 31, 2024 and up to the date of this
      annual report. On February 7, 2024, Mr. Eddy Georges Skaf and Mr. Nicholas Paul Collins were appointed as
      directors of our company, while Mr. James Gordon Mitchell resigned as a director of our company on the same
      date.


      Each of Mr. Eddy Georges Skaf and Mr. Nicholas Paul Collins confirmed that he (i) obtained the legal advice
      referred to under Rule 3.09D of the Hong Kong Listing Rules on February 7, 2024 prior to his appointment
      becoming effective; and (ii) understood his obligations as a director of a listed issuer under the Hong Kong
      Listing Rules.


      Confirmation as to the independence of the independent directors

      Our company has received from each of the independent directors an annual confirmation in writing of his or
      her independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. Therefore, our company considers that,
      as of the date of this annual report, all of our independent directors are independent.


      Directors’ interests in competing business

      Save as disclosed in this annual report and except for the interests in our Group, during the year ended
      December 31, 2024, none of our directors had any interest in a business which competes or is likely to compete,
      either directly or indirectly, with our Group’s business that would give rise to any material competition issue
      under Rule 8.10(2) of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.


      From time to time, our directors who serve in non-executive capacity on our board may also hold positions on
      the boards of private and/or public companies within the broader electric vehicle industries. However, given
      that these directors are neither our controlling shareholders nor members of our executive management team,
      we do not believe that their interests in such companies as directors would compromise our ability of carrying
      on our business independently from the other companies in which they may hold directorships from time to
      time.




310   NIO Inc.
                                       INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

To the Shareholders of NIO Inc.
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


OPINION
What we have audited

The consolidated financial statements of NIO Inc. (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the “Group”), which are
set out on pages 318 to 412, comprise:


•   the consolidated balance sheet as at December 31, 2024;


•   the consolidated statement of comprehensive loss for the year then ended;


•   the consolidated statement of shareholders’ equity for the year then ended;


•   the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended; and


•   the notes to the consolidated financial statements, which include significant accounting policies and other
    explanatory information.


Our opinion

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial
position of the Group as at December 31, 2024, and of its consolidated financial performance and its
consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in
the United States of America (“U.S. GAAP”).


BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (“ISAs”). Our responsibilities
under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated
Financial Statements section of our report.


We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our
opinion.


Independence

We are independent of the Group in accordance with the International Code of Ethics for Professional
Accountants (including International Independence Standards) issued by the International Ethics Standards
Board for Accountants (“IESBA Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance
with the IESBA Code.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2024     311
      INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


      KEY AUDIT MATTERS
      Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit
      of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of
      our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do
      not provide a separate opinion on these matters.


      Key audit matters identified in our audit are summarised as follows:


      •   Going concern assessment


      •   Accrual of warranty liabilities

      Key Audit Matter                                          How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter
      Going concern assessment                                  Our procedures performed in relation to the going
                                                                concern assessment mainly included the following:
      Refer to note 1 to the consolidated financial
      statements.                                   •                 We understood, evaluated and tested the
                                                                      relevant key controls relating to management’s
      The Group has been incurring losses from operations             going concern assessment, including controls
      since inception. The Group incurred net losses of               over the preparation of the business plan and
      RMB14.4 billion, RMB20.7 billion and RMB22.4                    the cash flows forecast;
      billion, and operating cash outflow of RMB3.9 billion,
      RMB1.4 billion and RMB7.8 billion, for the years ended
                                                                •     We tested management’s process for
      December 31, 2022, 2023 and 2024, respectively. The
                                                                      developing the business plan and the cash
      Group’s accumulated deficit amounted to RMB90.8
                                                                      flows forecast included in the going concern
      billion and RMB113.1 billion as of December 31, 2023
                                                                      assessment;
      and 2024, respectively. As of December 31, 2024, the
      Group’s current liabilities exceeded current assets
      in the amount of RMB0.4 billion. As of December •               We tested the completeness, accuracy, and
      31, 2024, the Group’s balances of cash and cash                 relevance of underlying data used in developing
      equivalents, restricted cash and short-term investment          the business plan and the cash flows forecast;
      totaled RMB41.8 billion, and the Group had trade and
      notes payable of RMB34.4 billion, accruals and other •          We evaluated the reasonableness of the
      liabilities of RMB16.0 billion, and outstanding borrowing       judgments made by management in evaluating
      of RMB9.1 billion due in the next 12 months.                    whether the business plan will be effectively
                                                                      implemented and in the cash flows forecast
                                                                      in relation to the resulting growth in revenue,
                                                                      working capital turnover rate and raising funds
                                                                      from banks under available credit quotas and
                                                                      other sources when needed by checking and
                                                                      comparing with the Group’s current and past
                                                                      performance, relevant industry forecasts and
                                                                      market developments.

                                                                Based on the procedures performed, we considered
                                                                management’s judgements in going concern
                                                                assessment were supported by the evidence we
                                                                obtained.




312   NIO Inc.
                                                             INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


Key Audit Matter                                          How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter
 Therefore, the Group’s ability to continue as a going
 concern is largely dependent on the successful
 implementation of management’s business plan to
 mitigate these adverse conditions, based on which,
 management prepared a cash flows forecast covering
 the twelve months from the date of issuance of
 the consolidated financial statements after giving
 consideration to its business plan and the evaluation
 of the probability of the successful implementation
 of such business plan. Management has concluded it
 is probable that the business plan will be effectively
 implemented, and the Group’s available cash and
 cash equivalents, restricted cash and short-term
 investments, cash generated from operating activities
 and funds from available credit quotas and other
 sources will be sufficient to support its continuous
 operations and necessary capital expenditures, and to
 meet its payment obligations when liabilities fall due
 within the twelve months from the date of issuance of
 the consolidated financial statements.

 Such conclusion required management to make
 judgments related to its ability to successfully
 implement the business plan and the resulting growth
 in revenue, working capital turnover rate and raising
 funds from banks under available credit quotas and
 other sources when needed when developing the cash
 flows forecast.

 We focused on this area as it involves significant
 judgement by management when developing its
 business plan, assessing that the business plan
 will be effectively implemented, and developing
 the cash flows forecast included in management’s
 going concern assessment, which in turn led to a
 high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity and
 effort in performing procedures and evaluating audit
 evidence relating to management’s business plan,
 management’s assessment that the business plan will
 be effectively implemented and management’s cash
 flows forecast.

 Therefore, we identified going concern assessment as
 a key audit matter.




                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024   313
      INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


      Key Audit Matter                                            How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

      Accrual of warranty liabilities                             Our procedures performed in relation to the accrual of
                                                                  warranty liabilities mainly included the following:

      Refer to note 2(p), 11 and 13 to the consolidated •               We understood, evaluated and tested the
      financial statements.                                             relevant key controls relating to management’s
                                                                        estimate of the accrual of warranty liabilities,
                                                                        including controls over management’s estimate
      For the year ended December 31, 2024, the Group                   of the nature, frequency and costs of future
      accrued warranty costs of RMB1,168.1 million. As                  claims as well as the completeness and
      of December 31, 2024, the Group recorded warranty                 accuracy of actual claims incurred to date;
      liabilities of RMB4,720.7 million.
                                                                  •     We assessed the inherent risk of material
                                                                        misstatement by considering the degree of
      Making accrual of warranty liabilities involves                   estimation uncertainty and level of other
      management’s assumptions and judgments related                    inherent risk factors such as complexity,
                                                                        subjectivity, changes and susceptibility to
      to the nature and frequency of future claims and the
                                                                        management bias or other fraud factors;
      estimate of the projected costs to repair or replace
      items under warranty. These estimates are based on •              We evaluated, with the assistance of our
      actual claims incurred to date and an estimate of the             internal professionals with specialized skill and
                                                                        knowledge, the appropriateness of the model
      nature, frequency and costs of future claims.                     applied by management for the accrual of
                                                                        warranty liabilities;
      We focused on this area as it involves significant
                                                                  •     We evaluated the reasonableness of significant
      judgment by management when developing the
                                                                        assumptions and judgements related to the
      assumptions related to the nature, frequency and                  nature and frequency of future claims and the
      costs of future claims in determining the accrual of              related projected costs to repair or replace
      warranty liabilities, which in turn led to a high degree          items under warranty, by considering current
                                                                        and past performance, including a lookback
      of auditor judgment, subjectivity and effort in designing
                                                                        analysis comparing prior period forecasted
      and performing procedures relating to evaluating the              claims to actual claims incurred;
      reasonableness of management’s assumptions.
                                                                  •     We tested, on a sample basis, the
                                                                        completeness, accuracy and relevance of
      Therefore, we identified accrual of warranty liabilities          management’s data used in the estimate
      as a key audit matter.                                            of future claims by tracing to supporting
                                                                        documents including work orders and supplier
                                                                        invoices;

                                                                  •     We developed, with the assistance of our
                                                                        internal professionals with specialized skill
                                                                        and knowledge, an independent estimate of the
                                                                        accrual of warranty liabilities and compared
                                                                        this estimate to management’s estimate
                                                                        to evaluate its reasonableness. Developing
                                                                        the independent estimate involved using
                                                                        independently determined assumptions related
                                                                        to the nature, frequency and costs of future
                                                                        claims.

                                                                  Based on the procedures performed, we considered
                                                                  management’s assumptions and judgements in
                                                                  making accrual of warranty liabilities were supported
                                                                  by the available evidence we obtained.




314   NIO Inc.
                                                              INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


OTHER INFORMATION
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all
of the information included in the annual report other than the consolidated financial statements and our
auditor’s report thereon.


Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not
express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.


In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the
consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially
misstated.


If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other
information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THE AUDIT COMMITTEE FOR THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that
give a true and fair view in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and for such internal control as the directors determine
is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material
misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.


In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are required to evaluate whether there are
conditions or events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the Group’s ability to
continue as a going concern for one year after the date the consolidated financial statements are available to
be issued.


The Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.




                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2024   315
      INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


      AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
      STATEMENTS
      Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as
      a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report
      that includes our opinion. We report our opinion solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not
      assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable
      assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs
      will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and
      are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the
      economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.


      As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional
      scepticism throughout the audit. We also:


      •      Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
             due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit
             evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting
             a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may
             involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.


      •      Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures
             that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
             effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.


      •      Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
             estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.


      •      Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and,
             based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or
             conditions that may cast substantial doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we
             conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to
             the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate,
             to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our
             auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a
             going concern.


      •      Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements,
             including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying
             transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.




316   NIO Inc.
                                                               INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


•      Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial
       information of the entities or business units within the Group as a basis for forming an opinion on the
       consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the
       audit work performed for purposes of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.


We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of
the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify
during our audit.


We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that
may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate
threats or safeguards applied.


From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the
key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public
disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not
be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to
outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.


The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Jack Li.




PricewaterhouseCoopers
Certified Public Accountants


Hong Kong, April 8, 2025




                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2024      317
      CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)



                                                                                  As of December 31,
                                                                              2023          2024            2024
                                                                              RMB            RMB            USD
                                                                                                        Note 2(e)
      ASSETS
        Current assets:
          Cash and cash equivalents                                      32,935,111    19,328,920       2,648,051
          Restricted cash                                                 5,542,271     8,320,728       1,139,935
          Short-term investments                                         16,810,107    14,137,566       1,936,839
          Trade and notes receivables, net (Allowance for expected
            credit losses of RMB46.2 million and RMB38.5 million
            as of December 31, 2023 and 2024, respectively)               4,657,652     1,676,246        229,645
          Amounts due from related parties, net (Allowance
            for expected credit losses of RMB8.8 million and
            RMB10.1 million as of December 31, 2023 and 2024,
            respectively)                                                 1,722,603     7,702,404       1,055,225
          Inventory                                                       5,277,726     7,087,223         970,946
          Prepayments and other current assets, net (Allowance
            for expected credit losses of RMB5.4 million and
            RMB1.9 million as of December 31, 2023 and 2024,
            respectively)                                                 3,434,763     3,632,956        497,713
        Total current assets                                             70,380,233    61,886,043       8,478,354
        Non-current assets:
         Long-term restricted cash                                          144,125        97,720          13,388
         Property, plant and equipment, net                              24,847,004    25,892,904       3,547,313
         Intangible assets, net                                              29,648        29,648           4,062
         Land use rights, net                                               207,299       201,995          27,673
         Long-term investments                                            5,487,216     3,126,007         428,261
         Right-of-use assets – operating lease                           11,404,116    12,797,158       1,753,203
         Other non-current assets, net (Allowance for expected
           credit losses of RMB53.4 million and RMB59.4 million
           as of December 31, 2023 and 2024, respectively)                4,883,561     3,573,137        489,518
        Total non-current assets                                         47,002,969    45,718,569       6,263,418
      Total assets                                                      117,383,202   107,604,612      14,741,772
      LIABILITIES
        Current liabilities:
          Short-term borrowings                                           5,085,411     5,729,561         784,947
          Trade and notes payable                                        29,766,134    34,387,266       4,711,036
          Amounts due to related parties, current                           561,625       409,363          56,083
          Taxes payable                                                     349,349       400,146          54,820
          Current portion of operating lease liabilities                  1,743,156     1,945,987         266,599
          Current portion of long-term borrowings                         4,736,087     3,397,622         465,472
          Accruals and other liabilities                                 15,556,354    16,041,079       2,197,619
        Total current liabilities                                        57,798,116    62,311,024       8,536,576



318   NIO Inc.
                                                               CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
                                                          (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




                                                                              As of December 31,
                                                                        2023                2024                 2024
                                                                        RMB                  RMB                USD
                                                                                                            Note 2(e)
  Non-current liabilities:
   Long-term borrowings                                          13,042,861          11,440,755            1,567,377
   Non-current operating lease liabilities                       10,070,057          11,260,735            1,542,714
   Amounts due to related parties, non-current                            –             329,492               45,140
   Deferred tax liabilities                                         212,347             127,467               17,463
   Other non-current liabilities                                  6,663,805           8,628,596            1,182,114
  Total non-current liabilities                                  29,989,070          31,787,045            4,354,808
Total liabilities                                                87,787,186          94,098,069          12,891,384
Commitments and contingencies (Note 27)
MEZZANINE EQUITY
Redeemable non-controlling interests                              3,860,384           7,441,997            1,019,549
Total mezzanine equity                                            3,860,384           7,441,997            1,019,549
SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY
  Class A Ordinary Shares (US$0.00025 par value;
    2,632,030,222 and 2,632,030,222 shares authorized;
    1,925,022,118 and 1,946,478,828 shares issued;
    1,906,961,094 and 1,943,005,895 shares outstanding as
    of December 31, 2023 and 2024, respectively)                       3,368                3,406                 467
  Class C Ordinary Shares (US$0.00025 par value;
    148,500,000 shares authorized, issued and outstanding
    as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2024)                       254                  254                   35
  Less: Treasury shares (18,061,024 and 3,472,933 shares
    as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2024,
    respectively)                                                (1,849,600)          (239,328)             (32,788)
  Additional paid in capital                                    117,717,254        118,688,242           16,260,222
  Accumulated other comprehensive income                            432,991            582,659               79,823
  Accumulated deficit                                           (90,758,034)      (113,068,210)         (15,490,281)
Total NIO Inc. shareholders’ equity                              25,546,233           5,967,023              817,478
Non-controlling interests                                           189,399               97,523               13,361
Total shareholders’ equity                                       25,735,632           6,064,546              830,839
Total liabilities, mezzanine equity and shareholders’ equity    117,383,202        107,604,612           14,741,772


The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024         319
      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)



                                                                                       For the Year Ended December 31,

                                                                              2022              2023           2024           2024

                                                                              RMB               RMB            RMB             USD
                                                                                                                          Note 2(e)

      Revenue:
        Vehicle sales                                                   45,506,581         49,257,270    58,234,086      7,978,037
        Other sales                                                      3,761,980          6,360,663      7,497,473     1,027,150
      Total revenues                                                    49,268,561         55,617,933    65,731,559      9,005,187
      Cost of sales:
        Vehicle sales                                                   (39,271,801)      (44,587,572)   (51,094,616)    (6,999,934)
        Other sales                                                      (4,852,767)       (7,978,565)    (8,144,181)    (1,115,748)
      Total cost of sales                                               (44,124,568)      (52,566,137)   (59,238,797)    (8,115,682)
      Gross profit                                                       5,143,993          3,051,796      6,492,762       889,505
      Operating expenses:
        Research and development                                        (10,836,261)      (13,431,399)   (13,037,304)    (1,786,103)
        Selling, general and administrative                             (10,537,119)      (12,884,556)   (15,741,057)    (2,156,516)
        Other operating income, net                                        588,728           608,975        411,526         56,379
      Total operating expenses                                          (20,784,652)      (25,706,980)   (28,366,835)    (3,886,240)
      Loss from operations                                              (15,640,659)      (22,655,184)   (21,874,073)    (2,996,735)
        Interest and investment income                                   1,358,719          2,210,018       853,728        116,960
        Interest expenses                                                 (333,216)          (403,530)      (798,363)     (109,375)
        Gain/(loss) on extinguishment of debt                              138,332           170,193          (4,480)          (614)
        Share of income/(loss) of equity investees                         377,775            64,394        (503,193)       (68,937)
        Other (loss)/income, net                                          (282,952)          155,191         (98,143)       (13,446)
      Loss before income tax expense                                    (14,382,001)      (20,458,918)   (22,424,524)    (3,072,147)
        Income tax (expense)/benefit                                        (55,103)         (260,835)       22,815          3,126
      Net loss                                                          (14,437,104)      (20,719,753)   (22,401,709)    (3,069,021)
      Accretion on redeemable non-controlling interests to
        redemption value                                                  (279,355)          (303,163)      (347,516)       (47,609)
      Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests                   157,014           (124,051)       91,533         12,540
      Net loss attributable to ordinary shareholders
        of NIO Inc.                                                     (14,559,445)      (21,146,967)   (22,657,692)    (3,104,090)
      Net loss                                                          (14,437,104)      (20,719,753)   (22,401,709)    (3,069,021)
      Other comprehensive income/(loss)
      Change in unrealized gains/(losses) related to available-
        for-sale debt securities, net of tax                               746,336           (770,560)             –             –
      Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of nil tax              717,274            11,514        149,668         20,504
      Total other comprehensive income/(loss)                            1,463,610           (759,046)      149,668         20,504




320   NIO Inc.
                                CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS
                                                                    (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




                                                                               For the Year Ended December 31,

                                                                      2022              2023             2024              2024

                                                                      RMB               RMB               RMB               USD
                                                                                                                       Note 2(e)

Total comprehensive loss                                        (12,973,494)      (21,478,799)    (22,252,041)       (3,048,517)
Accretion on redeemable non-controlling interests to
  redemption value                                                (279,355)          (303,163)       (347,516)           (47,609)
Net loss/(profit) attributable to non-controlling interests        157,014           (124,051)         91,533            12,540
Other comprehensive (income)/loss attributable to
  non-controlling interests                                       (151,299)          156,026                 –                 –
Comprehensive loss attributable to ordinary
  shareholders of NIO Inc                                       (13,247,134)      (21,749,987)    (22,508,024)       (3,083,586)
Weighted average number of ordinary shares used in
  computing net loss per share
  Basic and diluted                                           1,636,999,280 1,700,203,886 2,054,614,522 2,054,614,522
Net loss per share attributable to ordinary shareholders
  Basic and diluted                                                   (8.89)           (12.44)          (11.03)            (1.51)
Weighted average number of ADS used in
  computing net loss per ADS
  Basic and diluted                                           1,636,999,280 1,700,203,886 2,054,614,522 2,054,614,522
Net loss per ADS attributable to ordinary shareholders
  Basic and diluted                                                   (8.89)           (12.44)          (11.03)            (1.51)


The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2024         321
      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




                                                                                                                              Accumulated
                                                                                                                 Additional         Other                     Total      Non-
                                                                Ordinary Shares           Treasury Shares
                                                                                                                    Paid in Comprehensive Accumulated Shareholders’ Controlling           Total
                                                                  Shares Par value         Shares      Amount      Capital (Loss)/Income       Deficit      Equity Interests             Equity

      Balance as of December 31, 2021                       1,661,749,433     2,892    (18,080,253) (1,849,600) 92,467,072      (276,300)   (55,634,140)   34,709,924      75,633    34,785,557
      Accretion on redeemable non-controlling
        interests to redemption value                                   –         –             –           –     (279,355)            –              –      (279,355)          –      (279,355)
      Conversion of convertible senior notes to
        ordinary shares – related parties                       8,805,770         15            –           –      207,457             –              –       207,472           –       207,472
      Conversion of convertible senior notes to
        ordinary shares – third party                             172,631         –             –           –       10,450             –              –        10,450           –        10,450
      Distributions to non-controlling interests                        –         –             –           –            –             –              –             –     (32,629)      (32,629)
      Transactions with non-controlling interests (Note 22)             –         –             –           –     (184,085)            –              –      (184,085)    184,085             –
      Exercise of share options                                 4,514,461         7        19,229           –       75,627             –              –        75,634           –        75,634
      Share based compensation of the restricted shares         4,978,597         8             –           –    1,863,412             –              –     1,863,420           –     1,863,420
      Share based compensation of the share options                     –         –             –           –      432,484             –              –       432,484           –       432,484
      Foreign currency translation adjustment                           –         –             –           –            –       717,274              –       717,274           –       717,274
      Change in fair value of available-for-sale
       debt securities (Note 9)                                        –          –             –           –            –       595,037              –        595,037     151,299      746,336
      Net loss                                                         –          –             –           –            –             –    (14,280,090)   (14,280,090)   (157,014) (14,437,104)
      Balance as of December 31, 2022                      1,680,220,892      2,922    (18,061,024) (1,849,600) 94,593,062     1,036,011    (69,914,230)   23,868,165     221,374    24,089,539




322   NIO Inc.
                                              CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY
                                                                                                       (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




                                                                                                                          Accumulated
                                                                                                             Additional          Other                    Total      Non-
                                                          Ordinary Shares            Treasury Shares
                                                                                                                Paid in Comprehensive Accumulated Shareholders’ Controlling           Total
                                                           Shares Par value           Shares      Amount       Capital         Income      Deficit      Equity Interests             Equity

Balance as of December 31, 2022                      1,680,220,892      2,922     (18,061,024) (1,849,600) 94,593,062      1,036,011    (69,914,230)   23,868,165     221,374   24,089,539
Accretion on redeemable non-controlling
  interests to redemption value                                 –             –            –           –      (303,163)            –              –      (303,163)          –     (303,163)
Issuance of ordinary shares                           378,695,543           674            –           –    20,961,615             –              –    20,962,289           –   20,962,289
Exercise of share options                               4,242,054             8            –           –        96,699             –              –        96,707           –       96,707
Share based compensation of the restricted shares      10,363,629            18            –           –     2,089,401             –              –     2,089,419           –    2,089,419
Share based compensation of the share options                   –             –            –           –       279,640             –              –       279,640           –      279,640
Foreign currency translation adjustment                         –             –            –           –             –        11,514              –        11,514           –       11,514
Recycling of unrealized gain of available-for-sale
  debt security (Note 9)                                        –            –             –           –             –      (614,534)             –       (614,534)   (156,026)   (770,560)
Net loss                                                        –            –             –           –             –             –    (20,843,804)   (20,843,804)    124,051 (20,719,753)
Balance as of December 31, 2023                      2,073,522,118      3,622     (18,061,024) (1,849,600) 117,717,254       432,991    (90,758,034)   25,546,233     189,399   25,735,632




                                                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2024                323
      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




                                                                                                                               Accumulated
                                                                                                                  Additional          Other                    Total      Non-
                                                             Ordinary Shares              Treasury Shares
                                                                                                                     Paid in Comprehensive Accumulated Shareholders’ Controlling          Total
                                                              Shares    Par value         Shares      Amount        Capital         Income      Deficit      Equity Interests            Equity

      Balance as of December 31, 2023                   2,073,522,118          3,622 (18,061,024) (1,849,600) 117,717,254         432,991    (90,758,034)   25,546,233     189,399   25,735,632
      Accretion on redeemable non-controlling
        interests to redemption value                               –             –            –             –     (347,516)            –             –       (347,516)         –      (347,516)
      Exchange of convertible senior notes to ordinary
        shares with cancellation of the same amount of
        treasury shares (Note 12 (iii))                             –             –    27,690,071    2,214,029    (1,311,200)           –             –        902,829          –       902,829
      Exercise of share options                             7,102,713            13             –            –        97,460            –             –         97,473          –        97,473
      Share based compensation of the restricted shares    14,353,997            25             –            –     1,918,768            –             –      1,918,793          –     1,918,793
      Share based compensation of the share options                 –             –             –            –         9,719            –             –          9,719          –         9,719
      Foreign currency translation adjustment                       –             –             –            –             –      149,668             –        149,668          –       149,668
      Settlement of capped call options and zero
        strike call options (Note 12 (iii))                        –              – (13,404,825)      (709,490)     709,490             –              –              –          –            –
      Capital withdrawal by non-controlling interests              –              –           –              –            –             –              –              –       (343)        (343)
      Share lending arrangement (Note 21)                          –              –     302,845        105,733     (105,733)            –              –              –          –            –
      Net loss                                                                                                                               (22,310,176)   (22,310,176)   (91,533) (22,401,709)
      Balance as of December 31, 2024                   2,094,978,828          3,660   (3,472,933)    (239,328) 118,688,242       582,659 (113,068,210)      5,967,023      97,523    6,064,546


      The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




324   NIO Inc.
                CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                                                              (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)



                                                                         For the Year Ended December 31,

                                                                2022              2023             2024              2024

                                                                RMB               RMB               RMB               USD
                                                                                                                 Note 2(e)

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
  Net loss                                                (14,437,104)      (20,719,753)    (22,401,709)       (3,069,021)
  Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in
    operating activities:
    Depreciation and amortization                          2,852,315          3,377,977       5,875,499           804,940
    Expected credit loss expense/(reversal)                   48,707            (26,315)          (3,761)             (515)
    Inventory write-downs                                    148,729            65,362          123,345            16,898
    Impairment on long-term assets                            35,011                  –          55,331              7,580
    Foreign exchange loss/(gain)                             282,888            (55,458)        212,046            29,050
    Share-based compensation expenses                      2,295,896          2,369,041       1,928,512           264,205
    Investment (income)/loss                                (174,854)          (969,134)        438,048            60,012
    (Gain)/Loss on extinguishment of debt                   (138,332)          (170,193)           4,480               614
    Share of (income)/loss of equity investees              (377,775)           (64,394)        503,193            68,937
    Amortization of right-of-use assets                    1,141,740          1,529,464       1,825,182           250,049
    Loss/(gain) on disposal of property, plant and
      equipment                                               12,807             (4,473)         63,615              8,715
    Deferred income tax expense/(benefit)                    192,990           200,892           (84,880)          (11,629)
  Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
    Prepayments and other current assets                   (1,239,921)         279,387          940,166           128,802
    Inventory                                              (6,257,514)        2,895,477      (1,785,940)         (244,673)
    Other non-current assets                               (1,849,518)        2,600,019       1,385,067           189,753
    Amounts due from related parties                         167,692           (329,704)     (5,980,929)         (819,384)
    Operating lease liabilities                            (1,016,571)       (1,255,825)     (1,793,806)         (245,750)
    Taxes payable                                           (341,592)           61,014           53,323              7,305
    Trade and notes receivable                             (2,303,364)         453,382        2,985,794           409,052
    Trade and notes payable                               11,650,850          4,870,777       4,717,183           646,251
    Accruals and other liabilities                         4,119,375          1,827,860       1,255,705           172,031
    Amounts due to related parties, current                 (299,339)          177,264         (152,262)           (20,860)
    Amounts due to related parties, non-current                     –                 –         329,492            45,140
    Other non-current liabilities                          1,620,876          1,505,787       1,658,138           227,164
Net cash used in operating activities                      (3,866,008)       (1,381,546)     (7,849,168)       (1,075,334)




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024         325
      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




                                                                                       For the Year Ended December 31,

                                                                              2022              2023           2024           2024

                                                                              RMB               RMB            RMB             USD
                                                                                                                          Note 2(e)

      CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
        Purchase of property, plant and equipment, land use
          rights and intangible assets                                   (6,972,854)      (14,340,771)    (9,142,293)    (1,252,489)
        Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and
          equipment                                                           3,622           73,064        231,519         31,718
        Purchase of short-term investments                              (87,631,686)      (43,899,109)   (45,957,615)    (6,296,167)
        Proceeds from maturities of short-term investments              106,658,218        47,753,555    50,413,873      6,906,672
        Purchase of available-for-sale debt investment                     (120,000)                –        (52,842)        (7,239)
        Proceeds from disposal of available-for-sale debt
          investment                                                       270,000                  –              –             –
        Acquisitions of equity investees                                   (279,043)         (421,729)      (392,442)       (53,764)
        Proceeds from disposal of equity investees                         286,760                  –              –             –
        Withdrawal of long-term investment                                        –           10,750               –             –
        Purchase of held to maturity debt investments                    (1,830,000)          (35,000)       (17,687)        (2,423)
        Purchase of retained asset-backed securities                              –           (43,000)      (124,000)       (16,988)
        Proceeds from maturities of retained asset-backed
          securities                                                              –           16,865         82,994         11,370
      Net cash provided by /(used in) investing activities               10,385,017       (10,885,375)    (4,958,493)     (679,310)
      CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
        Proceeds from exercise of stock options                             78,726            86,820        111,347         15,254
        Capital withdrawal by non-controlling interests                      (3,250)             (250)          (343)           (47)
        Distributions to non-controlling interests                          (32,629)                –             –              –
        Capital injection from redeemable non-controlling
          interests                                                               –                 –      3,295,465       451,477
        Proceeds from issuance of convertible senior notes                        –         8,120,765             –              –
        Repurchase of convertible senior notes                           (1,202,365)       (3,387,648)    (3,302,213)     (452,401)
        Proceeds from borrowings from third parties                       6,918,564         8,014,434      9,218,865     1,262,979
        Repayments of borrowings from third parties                      (7,347,941)       (6,096,018)    (7,512,784)    (1,029,247)
        Principal payments on finance leases                                (27,489)          (37,511)       (37,854)        (5,186)
        Proceeds from issuance of ordinary shares, net of
          issuance costs                                                          –        20,962,289             –              –
      Net cash (used in)/provided by financing activities                (1,616,384)       27,662,881      1,772,483       242,829
      Effects of exchange rate changes on cash,
        cash equivalents and restricted cash                               (121,896)          70,254        161,039         22,064




326   NIO Inc.
                                                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                                                          (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




                                                                    For the Year Ended December 31,

                                                            2022             2023              2024              2024

                                                            RMB               RMB               RMB               USD
                                                                                                             Note 2(e)

NET INCREASE/(DECREASE) IN CASH, CASH
 EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH                        4,780,729       15,466,214      (10,874,139)       (1,489,751)
 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at
   beginning of the year                               18,374,564       23,155,293       38,621,507         5,291,125
 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at
   end of the year                                     23,155,293       38,621,507       27,747,368         3,801,374
NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES
 Accruals related to purchase of property,
   plant and equipment                                  4,172,758        4,445,749        3,872,477           530,527
 Conversion of convertible senior notes to
   ordinary shares                                       217,922                 –                 –                 –
 Exchange of convertible senior notes to ordinary
   shares with cancellation of the same amount of
   treasury shares (Note 12 (iii))                             –                 –          902,829           123,687
 Accretion on redeemable non-controlling
   interests to redemption value                         279,355          303,163           347,516            47,609
 Settlement of capped call options and
   zero strike call options (Note 12 (iii))                    –                 –          709,490            97,200
Supplemental Disclosure
 Interest paid                                           274,347          285,479           641,903            87,940
 Income taxes paid                                        77,187           35,975            65,363              8,955


The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024         327
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)



      1. ORGANIZATION AND NATURE OF OPERATIONS
          NIO Inc. (“NIO”, or the “Company”) was incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands in November 2014,
          as an exempted company with limited liability. The Company was formerly known as NextCar Inc. It changed
          its name to NextEV Inc. in December 2014, and then changed to NIO Inc. in July 2017. The Company, its
          subsidiaries and consolidated variable interest entities (the “VIEs”) are collectively referred to as the “Group”.


          The Group is primarily engaged in the design, development, manufacturing, and sales of smart electric
          vehicles during the reporting periods. The Group also offers power solutions and comprehensive value-added
          services to its users. As of December 31, 2024, the Group’s primary operations are conducted in the People’s
          Republic of China (the “PRC”) and the Company’s principal subsidiaries and VIEs are as follows:


                                                                                  Equity       Place and Date of incorporation
          Subsidiaries                                                         interest held   or date of acquisition            Principal activities

          NIO Nextev Limited (“NIO HK”) (formerly known as Nextev Limited)        100%         Hong Kong, February 2015          Investment holding
          NIO GmbH (formerly known as NextEV GmbH)                                100%         Germany, May 2015                 Design and technology development
          NIO Co., Ltd. (“NIO SH”) (formerly known as NextEV Co., Ltd.)           100%         Shanghai, PRC, May 2015           Headquarter and technology development
          NIO USA, Inc. (“NIO US”) (formerly known as NextEV USA, Inc.)           100%         United States, November 2015      Technology development
          XPT Limited (“XPT”)                                                     100%         Hong Kong, December 2015          Investment holding
          XPT (Jiangsu) Investment Co., Ltd. (“XPT Jiangsu”)                      100%         Jiangsu, PRC, May 2016            Investment holding
          Shanghai XPT Technology Limited                                         100%         Shanghai, PRC, May 2016           Technology development
          XPT (Nanjing) E-Powertrain Technology Co., Ltd. (“XPT NJEP”)            100%         Nanjing, PRC, July 2016           Manufacturing of E-Powertrain
          XPT (Nanjing) Energy Storage System Co., Ltd. (“XPT NJES”)              100%         Nanjing, PRC, October 2016        Manufacturing of battery
          NIO Power Express Limited (“PE HK)                                      100%         Hong Kong, January 2017           Investment holding
          NIO User Enterprise Limited (“UE HK”)                                   100%         Hong Kong, February 2017          Investment holding
          NIO Sales and Services Co., Ltd. (“UE CNHC”)                            100%         Shanghai, PRC, March 2017         Investment holding and sales and
            (formerly known as Shanghai NIO Sales and Service Co., Ltd.)                                                            after sales management
          NIO Energy Investment (Hubei) Co., Ltd. (“PE CNHC”) (Note (b))          100%         Wuhan PRC, April 2017             Investment holding
          Wuhan NIO Energy Co., Ltd. (“PE WHJV”)                                  100%         Wuhan, PRC, May 2017              Investment holding
          NIO Holding Co., Ltd. (“NIO China”) (formerly known as                  100%         Anhui, PRC, November 2017         Headquarter and technology development
            NIO (Anhui) Holding Co., Ltd.) (Note (a))
          XPT (Jiangsu) Automotive Technology Co., Ltd. (“XPT AUTO”)              100%         Nanjing, PRC, May 2018            Investment holding
          NIO Financial Leasing Co., Ltd. (“NIO Leasing”)                         100%         Shanghai, PRC, August 2018        Financial Leasing
          NIO (Anhui) Co., Ltd. (“NIO AH”)                                        100%         Anhui, PRC, August 2020           Industrialization and technology
                                                                                                                                    development
          NIO Technology (Anhui) Co., Ltd. (“NIO R&D”)                            100%         Anhui, PRC, August 2020           Design and technology development
          New Horizon B.V.                                                        100%         Netherlands, November 2022        Investment holding
          NIO Nextev Europe Holding B.V. (“NIO NL”)                               100%         Netherlands, December 2020        Investment holding
          NEU Battery Asset Co., Ltd. (“BAC Cayman”)                              100%         Cayman Islands, May 2021          Investment holding
          Instant Power Europe B.V. Co., Ltd. (“BAC NL”)                          100%         Netherlands, June 2021            Battery Subscription Service
          NEU Battery Asset (Hong Kong) Co., Ltd. (“BAC HK”)                      100%         Hong Kong, July 2021              Investment holding
          NIO AI Technology Limited (“NIO AI Technology”)                        96.970%       Cayman Islands, March 2021        Investment holding
          NIO AI Technology Limited                                              96.970%       Hong Kong, May 2021               Investment holding
          Anhui NIO Autonomous Driving Technology Co., Ltd. (“Anhui NIO AD”)     96.970%       Anhui, PRC, June 2021             Technology development




328   NIO Inc.
                                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                             (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




1. ORGANIZATION AND NATURE OF OPERATIONS (continued)
                                                                                   Place and Date of incorporation
  VIEs and VIEs’ subsidiaries                                                      or date of acquisition

  Prime Hubs Limited (“Prime Hubs”)                                                BVI, October 2014
  Beijing NIO Network Technology Co., Ltd. (“Beijing NIO”)                         Beijing, PRC, July 2017
  Anhui NIO AI Technology Co., Ltd. (“Anhui NIO AT”)                               Anhui, PRC, April 2021
  Anhui NIO Data Technology Co., Ltd. (“Anhui NIO DT”)                             Anhui, PRC, October 2022
  NIO Insurance Broker Co., Ltd. (“NIO IB”) (formerly known as                     Anhui, PRC, January 2023
    Huiding Insurance Broker Co., Ltd.)

  Note (a) - NIO China

  As of December 31, 2023 and 2024, the Company held 92.114% and 89.02%, respectively, of total paid-in
  capital of NIO China. In accordance with NIO China’s share purchase agreements, the redemption of the
  non-controlling interests is at the holders of non-controlling interests’ option and is upon the occurrence
  of the events that are not solely within the control of the Company. Therefore, these redeemable
  non-controlling interests in NIO China were classified as mezzanine equity and are subsequently accreted
  to the redemption price using the agreed interest rate as a reduction of additional paid in capital (Note 20).
  With the redemption feature of the non-controlling interests, the Company is considered to effectively have
  100% equity interest of NIO China as of December 31, 2023 and 2024.


  Note (b) - PE CNHC

  As of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2024, the Company held 100% and 90.91% of total paid-in
  capital of PE CNHC, respectively. In May 2024, the Group entered into several agreements with the holders of
  non-controlling interests, including a share purchase agreement of PE CNHC. In accordance with the share
  purchase agreement, the redemption of the non-controlling interests is at the holders of non-controlling
  interests’ option and is upon the occurrence of the events that are not solely within the control of the
  Company. Therefore, these redeemable non-controlling interests in PE CNHC were classified as mezzanine
  equity and are subsequently accreted to the redemption price using the agreed interest rate as a reduction
  of additional paid in capital (Note 20). With the redemption feature of the non-controlling interests, the
  Company is considered to effectively have 100% equity interest of PE CNHC as of December 31, 2024.


  Variable interest entities

  Prime Hubs

  In October 2014, Prime Hubs, a British Virgin Islands (“BVI”) incorporated company, was established by Li
  Bin, a shareholder of the Group, to facilitate the adoption of the Company’s employee stock incentive plans
  on behalf of the Company. The Company entered into a management agreement with Prime Hubs and Li Bin.
  The agreement enables the Company to direct the activities that most significantly impact Prime Hubs’s
  economic performance and enable the Company to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits arising
  from Prime Hubs. As of December 31, 2023 and 2024, Prime Hubs held 4,250,002 Class A Ordinary Shares
  of the Company, respectively, other than which, Prime Hubs did not have any operations, nor any material
  assets or liabilities. All restricted shares granted under the Company’s Prime Hubs Restricted Shares Plan
  have been fully vested.




                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2024         329
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      1. ORGANIZATION AND NATURE OF OPERATIONS (continued)
          Variable interest entities (continued)

         Beijing NIO

          In April 2018, the Group entered into a series of contractual arrangements with Beijing NIO and its individual
          shareholders (the “Nominee Shareholders”), including, among others, an exclusive business cooperation
          agreement, a loan agreement, an equity pledge agreement, an exclusive call option agreement and a power
          of attorney, which enable the Company to direct the activities that most significantly impact Beijing NIO’s
          economic performance and obtain substantially all of the economic benefits arising from Beijing NIO.
          Management concluded that Beijing NIO is a variable interest entity and the Company is the ultimate primary
          beneficiary of Beijing NIO and hence consolidates the financial results of Beijing NIO. The Group operates
          value-added telecommunication services, including without limitation, performing internet information
          services, as well as holding certain related licenses, through Beijing NIO. For the years ended December 31,
          2022, 2023 and 2024, the financial position, result of operations and cash flow activities of Beijing NIO were
          immaterial to the consolidated financial statements.


         Anhui NIO AT

          In April 2021, Anhui NIO AT, was established by individual shareholders (the “Nominee Shareholders”). Anhui
          NIO AD entered into a management agreement with Nominee Shareholders. The agreement enables the
          Company to direct the activities that most significantly impact Anhui NIO AT’s economic performance, and
          enabled the Company to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits arising from them. Management
          concluded that Anhui NIO AT is a variable interest entity and the Company is the ultimate primary beneficiary
          of Anhui NIO AT and hence consolidates the financial results of Anhui NIO AT. In November 2022, concurrent
          with the termination of the said management agreement, the Group entered into a series of contractual
          arrangements with the Nominee Shareholders as well as Anhui NIO AT, including, among others, an exclusive
          business cooperation agreement, a loan agreement, an equity pledge agreement, an exclusive call option
          agreement and a power of attorney. These agreements enable the Company to direct the activities that most
          significantly impact Anhui NIO AT’s economic performance and enable the Company to obtain substantially
          all of the economic benefits arising from Anhui NIO AT. Management concluded that Anhui NIO AT continues
          to be a variable interest entity and the Company remains as the ultimate primary beneficiary of Anhui NIO AT.
          Therefore, the Group continues to consolidate the financial results of Anhui NIO AT’s financial statements.
          The Group intends to obtain requisite licenses for certain supporting functions during the development of
          autonomous driving technology through Anhui NIO AT. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2023 and
          2024, the financial position, result of operations and cash flow activities of Anhui NIO AT were immaterial to
          the consolidated financial statements.




330   NIO Inc.
                                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                          (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




1. ORGANIZATION AND NATURE OF OPERATIONS (continued)
  Variable interest entities (continued)

  Anhui NIO DT and NIO IB

  In October 2022, the Group entered into a series of contractual arrangements with Anhui NIO DT and its
  individual shareholders (the “Nominee Shareholders”), including, among others, an exclusive business
  cooperation agreement, a loan agreement, an equity pledge agreement, an exclusive call option agreement
  and a power of attorney, which enable the Group to direct the activities that most significantly impact Anhui
  NIO DT’s economic performance and obtain substantially all of the economic benefits arising from Anhui NIO
  DT. Management concluded that Anhui NIO DT is a variable interest entity and the Company is the ultimate
  primary beneficiary of Anhui NIO DT and hence consolidates the financial results of Anhui NIO DT in the
  Group’s consolidated financial statements. In January 2023, Anhui NIO DT acquired NIO IB. NIO IB was a
  company holding the insurance brokerage license and does not meet the criteria necessary to be defined as
  a business under US GAAP. Accordingly, the Group accounted for this transaction as an asset acquisition.
  The Group provides insurance brokerage services which are mainly vehicle-related and property-related
  and holds requisite licenses through Anhui NIO DT and NIO IB. For the years ended December 31, 2023 and
  2024, the financial position, result of operations and cash flow activities of Anhui NIO DT and NIO IB were
  immaterial to the consolidated financial statements.


  Liquidity and Going Concern

  The Group’s consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis.


  The Group has been incurring losses from operations since inception. The Group incurred net losses of
  RMB14.4 billion, RMB20.7 billion and RMB22.4 billion, and operating cash outflow of RMB3.9 billion, RMB1.4
  billion and RMB7.8 billion, for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2023 and 2024, respectively. The Group’s
  accumulated deficit amounted to RMB90.8 billion and RMB113.1 billion as of December 31, 2023 and 2024,
  respectively. As of December 31, 2024, the Group’s current liabilities exceeded current assets in the amount
  of RMB0.4 billion. As of December 31, 2024, the Group’s balances of cash and cash equivalents, restricted
  cash and short-term investment totaled RMB41.8 billion, and the Group had trade and notes payable of
  RMB34.4 billion, accruals and other liabilities of RMB16.0 billion, and outstanding borrowing of RMB9.1
  billion due in the next 12 months.




                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024         331
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      1. ORGANIZATION AND NATURE OF OPERATIONS (continued)
          Liquidity and Going Concern (continued)

          Therefore, the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern is largely dependent on the successful
          implementation of management’s business plan to mitigate these adverse conditions, which includes
          growing the Group’s revenue by increasing sales volume of electric vehicles, maintaining a reasonable
          working capital turnover rate by managing collection of receivables and settlement of payables, and
          raising funds from banks under available credit quotas and other sources when needed. Management has
          prepared a cash flows forecast covering the twelve months from the date of issuance of the consolidated
          financial statements after giving consideration to its business plan as noted above and the evaluation of
          the probability of the successful implementation of such business plan. Management has concluded it is
          probable that the business plan will be effectively implemented, and the Group’s available cash and cash
          equivalents, restricted cash and short-term investments, cash generated from operating activities and
          funds from available credit quotas and other sources will be sufficient to support its continuous operations
          and necessary capital expenditures, and to meet its payment obligations when liabilities fall due within the
          twelve months from the date of issuance of the consolidated financial statements.




332   NIO Inc.
                                    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                            (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
  (a) Basis of presentation

     The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance with accounting
     principles generally accepted in the United States of America (“US GAAP”). Significant accounting
     policies followed by the Group in the preparation of the accompanying consolidated financial statements
     are summarized below.


  (b) Principles of consolidation

     The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company, its subsidiaries
     and the VIEs for which the Company is the ultimate primary beneficiary.


     A subsidiary is an entity in which the Company, directly or indirectly, controls more than one half of
     the voting power; has the power to appoint or remove the majority of the members of the board of
     directors (the “Board”); to cast majority of votes at the meeting of the Board or to govern the financial
     and operating policies of the investee under a statute or agreement among the shareholders or equity
     holders.


     The Company applies the guidance under Accounting Standard Codification 810, Consolidations (“ASC
     810”) on accounting for the VIEs. A VIE is an entity with one or more of the following characteristics: (a)
     the total equity investment at risk is not sufficient to permit the entity to finance its activities without
     additional financial support; (b) as a group, the holders of the equity investment at risk lack the ability to
     make certain decisions, the obligation to absorb expected losses or the right to receive expected residual
     returns, or (c) an equity investor has voting rights that are disproportionate to its economic interest
     and substantially all of the entity’s activities are on behalf of the investor. ASC 810 requires variable
     interest entities to be consolidated by the primary beneficiary which has a controlling financial interest
     of variable interest entities. The Company is considered as the primary beneficiary of the VIEs and thus
     consolidates the financial statements each of these entities under U.S. GAAP.


     All significant transactions and balances between the Company, its subsidiaries and the VIEs have been
     eliminated upon consolidation. The non-controlling interests in consolidated subsidiaries are shown
     separately in the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024         333
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
          (c) Use of estimates

              The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires
              management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
              liabilities, related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the balance sheet date, and the
              reported revenue and expenses during the reported period in the consolidated financial statements and
              accompanying notes. Significant accounting estimates reflected in the Group’s consolidated financial
              statements mainly include, but are not limited to, warranty liabilities, determination of standalone
              selling price regarding multiple performance obligations, fair value of available-for-sale debt security
              investments and equity securities using fair value option investments, lower of cost and net realizable
              value of inventories, inventory valuation for excess and obsolete inventories, losses on purchase
              commitments, allowance for current expected credit loss, depreciable lives of property, equipment and
              software, subsequent measurement of equity securities measured under measurement alternatives,
              assessment for impairment of long-lived assets, valuation of deferred tax assets, valuation and
              recognition of share-based compensation, fair value of short-term investments, discount rate of lease
              liabilities, current or non-current classification of receivable. Actual results could differ from those
              estimates.


          (d) Functional currency and foreign currency translation

              The Group’s reporting currency is the Renminbi (“RMB”). The functional currency of the Company and
              its subsidiaries which are incorporated in HK is United States dollars (“US$”), except NIO Sport which
              operates mainly in United Kingdom and uses Great Britain pounds (“GBP”). The functional currencies
              of the other subsidiaries and the VIEs are their respective local currencies. The determination of the
              respective functional currency is based on the criteria set out by ASC 830, Foreign Currency Matters.


              Transactions denominated in currencies other than in the functional currency are translated into the
              functional currency using the exchange rates prevailing at the transaction dates. Monetary assets and
              liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated into functional currency using the applicable
              exchange rates at the balance sheet date. Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical
              cost in foreign currency are re-measured using the exchange rates at the dates of the initial transactions.
              Exchange gains or losses arising from foreign currency transactions are included in the consolidated
              statements of comprehensive loss.


              The financial statements of the Group’s entities of which the functional currency is not RMB are
              translated from their respective functional currency into RMB. Assets and liabilities denominated in
              foreign currencies are translated into RMB at the exchange rates at the balance sheet date. Equity
              accounts other than earnings generated in current period are translated into RMB at the appropriate
              historical rates. Income and expense items are translated into RMB using the periodic average exchange
              rates. The resulting foreign currency translation adjustments are recorded in other comprehensive loss
              in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income or loss, and the accumulated foreign currency
              translation adjustments are presented as a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss in the
              consolidated statements of shareholders’ equity. Total foreign currency translation adjustment income
              were RMB717,274, RMB11,514 and RMB149,668 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2023 and 2024,
              respectively. The grant-date fair value of the Group’s share-based compensation expenses is reported in
              US$ as the respective valuation is conducted in US$ and the shares are denominated in US$.


334   NIO Inc.
                                     NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                            (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
  (e) Convenience translation

     Translations of balances in the consolidated balance sheets, consolidated statements of comprehensive
     loss and consolidated statements of cash flows from RMB into US$ as of and for the years ended
     December 31, 2024 are solely for the convenience of the reader and were calculated at the rate of
     US$1.00 = RMB7.2993, representing the noon buying rate in The City of New York for cable transfers of
     RMB as certified for customs purposes by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York on December 31, 2024.
     No representation is made that the RMB amounts represent or could have been, or could be, converted,
     realized or settled into US$ at that rate on, or December 31, 2024, or at any other rate.


  (f) Fair value

     Fair value is defined as the price that would be received from selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability
     in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. When determining
     the fair value measurements for assets and liabilities required or permitted to be either recorded or
     disclosed at fair value, the Group considers the principal or most advantageous market in which it would
     transact, and it also considers assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset
     or liability.


     Accounting guidance establishes a fair value hierarchy that requires an entity to maximize the use of
     observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. A financial
     instrument’s categorization within the fair value hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is
     significant to the fair value measurement. Accounting guidance establishes three levels of inputs that
     may be used to measure fair value:


     Level 1 – Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.


     Level 2 – Observable, market-based inputs, other than quoted prices, in active markets for identical
     assets or liabilities.


     Level 3 – Unobservable inputs to the valuation methodology that are significant to the measurement of
     the fair value of the assets or liabilities.


     As disclosed in Note 2(n), the Group’s equity securities with readily determinable fair values are carried
     at fair value using quoted market prices that currently available on a securities exchange and are
     classified within Level 1.


     The Group’s investments in money market funds, financial products issued by banks and certain retained
     asset-backed securities are carried at fair value, which are classified within Level 2 and valued using
     directly or indirectly observable inputs in the market place. As of December 31, 2023 and 2024, such
     investments aggregately amounted to RMB8,473,612 and RMB6,109,606, respectively.




                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024         335
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
          (f) Fair value (continued)

              As disclosed in Note 2(q), the Group’s derivative instruments are carried at fair value, which are classified
              within Level 2 and valued using indirectly observable inputs in the market place.


              As disclosed in Note 9, the Group’s available-for-sale debt security investments include investments
              the Group made in private companies which contains substantive redemption and preferential rights.
              The Group’s equity securities investments measured using fair value option include an investment the
              Group made in a private company which contains certain preferential rights. Such investments are
              classified within Level 3 for fair value measurement. As of December 31, 2023 and 2024, the carrying
              value of the investments were RMB1,648,861 and RMB1,277,068, respectively. The Group re-measured
              the respective fair values using a market approach by adopting a backsolve method, which determined
              the estimated fair value of the investments through comparison to a recent transaction and applied
              significant unobservable inputs and assumptions. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2023 and
              2024, RMB746,336, nil and nil, respectively, of fair value changes, net of tax, were recorded in other
              comprehensive income, in the case of available-for-sale debt security investments, and RMB nil, nil and
              RMB425,711, respectively, of fair value changes, were recorded in investment income/(loss), in the case
              of equity securities investments using fair value option. The significant unobservable inputs adopted in
              the valuation as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2024 are as follows:


                                                   December 31, 2023                 December 31, 2024

              Unobservable Input
              Expected volatility                  44%-51%                           49%-52%
              Probability                          Liquidation scenario: 35%-40%     Liquidation scenario: 20%-43%
                                                   Redemption scenario: 0%-35%       Redemption scenario: 0%-43%
                                                   IPO scenario: 30%-60%             IPO scenario: 15%-80%


              As disclosed in Note 20, the warrants issued by PE CNHC in May 2024 are not traded in an active
              securities market. As such, the Company estimated its fair value using the binomial option pricing model
              as of December 31, 2024 using the assumptions including fair value per share, dividend yield, time to
              maturity, risk free interest rate and expected volatility. As of December 31, 2024, the carrying value of
              the warrant was not material.


              Financial assets and liabilities of the Group primarily consist of cash and cash equivalents, restricted
              cash, short-term investments, trade receivable, amounts due from related parties, deposits and other
              receivables, available-for-sale debt security investments, retained asset-backed securities, trade and
              notes payable, amounts due to related parties, other payables, derivative instruments, short-term
              borrowings, lease liabilities and long-term borrowings. As of December 31, 2023 and 2024, other than as
              discussed above, the carrying values of these financial instruments approximated to their respective fair
              values.




336   NIO Inc.
                                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                           (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
  (g) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash

     Cash and cash equivalents represent cash at hand, time deposits and highly-liquid investments placed
     with banks or other financial institutions, which are unrestricted as to withdrawal and use, and which
     have original maturities of three months or less.


     Cash which is restricted to withdrawal for use or pledged as security is reported separately on the face
     of the consolidated balance sheets. The Group’s restricted cash mainly represents (a) secured deposits
     held in designated bank accounts for corporate bank credit cards, bank acceptance notes, letter of credit
     and letters of guarantee; and (b) time deposits that are pledged for property leases. The restricted cash
     is classified according to the contractual term of the restriction imposed.


     Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash as reported in the consolidated statements of cash flows are
     presented separately on our consolidated balance sheets as follows:


                                                                                   December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                             2023                 2024

     Cash and cash equivalents                                                        32,935,111          19,328,920
     Restricted cash                                                                   5,542,271            8,320,728
     Long-term restricted cash                                                            144,125               97,720
     Total                                                                            38,621,507          27,747,368


  (h) Short-term investments

     Short-term investments consist primarily of investments in fixed deposits with maturities between three
     months and one year, which are stated at amortised cost, and investments in money market funds and
     financial products issued by banks, which are measured at fair value. As of December 31, 2023 and 2024,
     the short-term investments amounted to RMB16,810,107 and RMB14,137,566, respectively, among
     which, RMB11,520,514 and RMB11,372,254, were restricted as collateral for notes payable and letter of
     guarantee as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2024, respectively.


  (i) Expected credit losses

     The Group’s trade and notes receivable, receivables of installment payments, deposits and other
     receivables are within the scope of ASC Topic 326. The Group has identified the relevant risk
     characteristics of its customers and the related receivables, deposits and other receivables which
     include size, type of the services or the products the Group provides, or a combination of these
     characteristics. Receivables with similar risk characteristics have been grouped into pools. For each
     pool, the Group considers the historical credit loss experience, current economic conditions, supportable
     forecasts of future economic conditions, and any recoveries in assessing the lifetime expected credit
     losses. Other key factors that influence the expected credit loss analysis include customer demographics,
     payment terms offered in the normal course of business to customers, and industry-specific factors that
     could impact the Group’s receivables. Additionally, external data and macroeconomic factors are also
     considered. This is assessed at each quarter based on the Group’s specific facts and circumstances.




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024         337
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
          (i) Expected credit losses (continued)

              For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2023 and 2024, the Group recorded RMB48,707, reversed
              RMB26,315 and RMB3,761 in expected credit loss provisions in selling, general and administrative
              expenses, respectively. As of December 31, 2024, the expected credit loss reserve for current and
              non-current assets are RMB50,594 and RMB59,386, respectively. As of December 31, 2023, the expected
              credit loss reserve for current and non-current assets are RMB60,384 and RMB53,357, respectively.


              Balance as at December 31, 2023


                                                                                         Expected        Expected
                                                                          Original      credit loss     credit loss
                                                                          amount              Rate       provision

              Current assets:
              Trade and notes receivable                                4,703,829           0.98%           46,177
              Amounts due from related parties                          1,731,399           0.51%            8,796
              Prepayments and other current assets                      3,440,174           0.16%            5,411
              Non-current assets:
              Other non-current assets                                  4,936,918           1.08%           53,357

              Balance as at December 31, 2024


                                                                                        Expected         Expected
                                                                         Original      credit loss      credit loss
                                                                          amount             Rate        provision

              Current assets:
              Trade and notes receivable                                1,714,786           2.25%           38,540
              Amounts due from related parties                          7,712,546           0.13%           10,142
              Prepayments and other current assets                      3,634,868           0.05%            1,912
              Non-current assets:
              Other non-current assets                                  3,632,523           1.63%           59,386




338   NIO Inc.
                                    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                             (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
  (j) Inventory

     Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value. Cost is calculated on the average
     basis and includes all costs to acquire and other costs to bring the inventories to their present location
     and condition. The Group records inventory write-downs for excess or obsolete inventories or accrues
     costs of inventory commitments based upon assumptions on current and future demand forecasts. If
     the inventory on hand or inventory purchase commitments is in excess of future demand forecast, the
     excess amounts are written down or accrued. The Group also reviews inventory to determine whether its
     carrying value exceeds the net amount realizable upon the ultimate sale of the inventory. This requires
     the determination of the estimated selling price of the vehicles less the estimated cost to convert
     inventory on hand into a finished product. Once inventory is written-down, a new, lower-cost basis for
     that inventory is established and subsequent changes in facts and circumstances do not result in the
     restoration or increase in that newly established cost basis.


  (k) Property, plant and equipment, net

     Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and impairment loss,
     if any. Property, plant and equipment are depreciated at rates sufficient to write off their costs less
     impairment and residual value, if any, generally over their estimated useful lives on a straight-line
     basis. Depreciation for mold and tooling is computed using the units-of-production method, including
     capitalized interest costs which are amortized over the total estimated units of production of the related
     assets. Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the lease term or the estimated useful
     lives of the related assets.


     The estimated useful lives are as follows:


                                                  Useful lives

     Buildings and constructions                  20 years
     Production facilities                        3-10 years
     Charging and power swap infrastructure       5 to 8 years
     R&D equipment                                5 to 15 years
     Computer and electronic equipment            3 years
     Purchased software                           1 to 5 years
     Leasehold improvements                       Shorter of the estimated useful life or remaining lease term
                                                    (ranging from 1-10 years)
     Vehicles for corporate use or customers’     5 years
       subscription
     Others (office equipment, after-sales        3 to 5 years
       equipment, etc.)




                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2024         339
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
          (k) Property, plant and equipment, net (continued)

              The cost of maintenance and repairs is expensed as incurred, whereas the cost of renewals and
              betterment that extends the useful lives of property, plant and equipment is capitalized as additions to
              the related assets. Interest expense on outstanding debt is capitalized during the period of significant
              capital asset construction. Capitalized interest on construction-in-progress is included within property,
              plant and equipment and is amortized over the useful life or units of production of the related assets.
              When assets are retired or otherwise disposed of, the cost and related accumulated depreciation and
              amortization are removed from their respective accounts, and any gain or loss on such sale or disposal is
              reflected in the consolidated statements of comprehensive loss.


          (l) Intangible assets, net

              Definite lived intangible assets are carried at cost less accumulated amortization and impairment, if any.
              Definite lived intangible assets are amortized using the straight-line method over the estimated useful
              lives as below:


                                                                   Useful lives

              Domain name                                          5 years

              The Group estimates the useful life of the domain name to be 5 years based on the contract terms,
              expected technical obsolescence and innovations and industry experience of such intangible assets. The
              estimated useful lives of amortized intangible assets are reassessed if circumstances occur that indicate
              the original estimated useful lives have changed.


              Intangible assets with an indefinite useful life represent the insurance brokerage license, and is carried
              at cost less any subsequent impairment loss. The Group expects, based upon regulatory precedent, the
              license can be renewed, on a perfunctory basis, upon expiration and believes that the license is unlikely
              to be terminated and will continue to contribute revenue in the future. Therefore, the Group considers the
              useful life of this intangible asset to be indefinite.


          (m) Land use rights, net

              Land use rights are recorded at cost less accumulated amortization. Amortization is provided on a
              straight-line basis over the respective lease period ranging from 491 to 536 months.




340   NIO Inc.
                                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                           (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
  (n) Long-term investments

     The Group’s long-term investments include equity investments in entities and debt security investments.


     Investments in entities in which the Group can exercise significant influence and holds an investment in
     voting common stock or in substance common stock (or both) of the investee but does not own a majority
     equity interest or control are accounted for using the equity method of accounting in accordance with
     ASC topic 323, Investments – Equity Method and Joint Ventures (“ASC 323”). Under the equity method,
     the Group initially records its investments at fair value. The Group subsequently adjusts the carrying
     amount of the investments to recognize the Group’s proportionate share of each equity investee’s
     net income or loss into earnings after the date of investment. The Group evaluates the equity method
     investments for impairment under ASC 323. An impairment loss on the equity method investments is
     recognized in earnings when the decline in value is determined to be other-than-temporary.


     Equity securities with readily determinable fair values and over which the Group has neither significant
     influence nor control through investments in common stock or in-substance common stock are measured
     at fair value, with changes in fair value reported through earnings.


     Equity securities without readily determinable fair values and over which the Group has neither
     significant influence nor control through investments in common stock or in-substance common stock
     are measured and recorded using a measurement alternative that measures the securities at cost minus
     impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting from qualifying observable price changes.


     The Group elected the fair value option (“FVO”) at the date of initial recognition under ASC 825 for certain
     equity securities, with changes in fair value reported through earnings.


     Available-for-sale debt security investments are reported at estimated fair value with the aggregate
     unrealized gains and losses, net of tax, reflected in accumulated other comprehensive loss in the
     consolidated balance sheets. Gain or losses are realized when the investments are sold or when
     dividends are declared or payments are received. If the amortized cost basis of an available-for-sale
     security exceeds its fair value and if the Company has the intention to sell the security or it is more
     likely than not that the Company will be required to sell the security before recovery of the amortized
     cost basis, an impairment is recognized in the consolidated statements of operations. If the Company
     does not have the intention to sell the security and it is not more likely than not that the Company will
     be required to sell the security before recovery of the amortized cost basis and the Company determines
     that the decline in fair value below the amortized cost basis of an available-for-sale security is entirely
     or partially due to credit-related factors, the credit loss is measured and recognized as an allowance for
     credit losses in the consolidated statements of operations. The allowance is measured as the amount by
     which the debt security’s amortized cost basis exceeds the Company’s best estimate of the present value
     of cash flows expected to be collected.


     Held-to-maturity debt security investment are reported at amortized cost. The securities are held to
     collect contractual cash flows, and the Group has the positive intent and ability to hold those securities
     to maturity.



                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024         341
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
          (n) Long-term investments (continued)

              Trading securities are acquired and held principally for the purpose of selling them. The securities are
              reported at fair value, and subsequent changes in the fair value are recognized through net income.
              Subsequent changes in the fair value are recognized through net income.


              The Group monitors its investments measured under equity method for other-than-temporary
              impairment by considering factors including, but not limited to, current economic and market
              conditions, the operating performance of the companies including current earnings trends and other
              company-specific information. No impairment charge was recognized for the years ended December 31,
              2022, 2023 and 2024.


          (o) Impairment of long-lived assets

              Long-lived assets are evaluated for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances (such as
              a significant adverse change to market conditions that will impact the future use of the assets) indicate
              that the carrying amount may not be fully recoverable or that the useful life is shorter than the Group
              had originally estimated. When these events occur, the Group evaluates the impairment by comparing
              carrying value of the assets to an estimate of future undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated
              from the use of the assets and their eventual disposition. If the sum of the expected future undiscounted
              cash flows is less than the carrying value of the assets, the Group recognizes an impairment loss based
              on the excess of the carrying value of the assets over the fair value of the assets. Impairment charges
              recognized for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2023 and 2024 was RMB35,011, nil and RMB55,331,
              respectively.


          (p) Warranty liabilities

              The Group accrues a warranty reserve for all new vehicles sold by the Group, which includes the Group’s
              best estimate of the projected costs to repair or replace items under warranty. These estimates are
              based on actual claims incurred to date and an estimate of the nature, frequency and costs of future
              claims. These estimates are inherently uncertain given the Group’s relatively short history of sales, and
              changes to the historical or projected warranty experience may cause material changes to the warranty
              reserve when the Group accumulates more actual data and experience in the future.


              The portion of the warranty reserve expected to be incurred within the next 12 months is included within
              accruals and other liabilities, while the remaining balance is included within other non-current liabilities
              on the consolidated balance sheets. Warranty expense is recorded as a component of cost of revenues in
              the consolidated statements of comprehensive loss.


              The Group does not consider standard warranty as being a separate performance obligation as it is
              intended to provide assurance that a product complies with agreed-upon specifications and is not
              viewed as a distinct obligation. Accordingly, standard warranty is accounted for in accordance with ASC
              460, Guarantees.




342   NIO Inc.
                                    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                          (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
  (p) Warranty liabilities (continued)

     The following table shows a reconciliation in the current reporting period related to carried-forward
     warranty liabilities:


                                                                     For the Year Ended December 31,

                                                                        2022                2023                 2024

     Warranty – beginning of year                                 1,962,977           2,946,937            3,912,224
     Provision for warranty                                       1,128,920           1,222,916            1,168,121
     Warranty costs incurred                                       (144,960)            (257,629)           (359,633)
     Warranty – end of year                                       2,946,937           3,912,224            4,720,712


  (q) Derivatives instruments and hedging

     Derivative instruments are carried at fair value, which generally represent the estimated amounts the
     Group expects to receive or pay upon termination of the contracts as of the reporting date. Derivative
     financial instruments are not used for trading or speculative purposes.


  (r) Revenue recognition

     Revenue is recognized when or as the control of the goods or services is transferred to a customer.
     Depending on the terms of the contract and the laws that apply to the contract, control of the goods
     and services may be transferred over time or at a point in time. Control of the goods and services is
     transferred over time if the Group’s performance:


     •   provides all of the benefits received and consumed simultaneously by the customer;


     •   creates and enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group performs; or


     •   does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the Group has an enforceable right
         to payment for performance completed to date.


     If control of the goods and services transfers over time, revenue is recognized over the period of the
     contract by reference to the progress towards complete satisfaction of that performance obligation.
     Otherwise, revenue is recognized at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the goods and
     services.




                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024         343
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
          (r) Revenue recognition (continued)

              Contracts with customers may include multiple performance obligations. For such arrangements,
              the Group allocates revenue to each performance obligation based on its relative standalone selling
              price. The Group determines standalone selling prices based on the prices charged to customers. If the
              standalone selling price is not directly observable, it is estimated using expected cost plus a margin
              or adjusted market assessment approach, depending on the availability of observable information.
              Assumptions and estimations have been made in estimating the relative selling price of each distinct
              performance obligation, and changes in judgments on these assumptions and estimates may impact the
              revenue recognition.


              When either party to a contract has performed, the Group presents the contract in the consolidated
              balance sheets as a contract asset or a contract liability, depending on the relationship between the
              entity’s performance and the customer’s payment.


              A contract asset is the Group’s right to consideration in exchange for goods and services that the Group
              has transferred to a customer. A receivable is recorded when the Group has an unconditional right to
              consideration. A right to consideration is unconditional if only the passage of time is required before
              payment of that consideration is due. As of December 31, 2023 and 2024, the Group did not record any
              contract assets.


              A contract liability is the Group’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which
              the Group has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer. The
              Group’s contract liabilities primarily resulted from the multiple performance obligations identified in the
              customer contract, which is recorded as deferred revenue and advance from customers.


              The Group generates revenue from (i) vehicle sales, (ii) parts, accessories and after-sales vehicle
              services, (iii) provision of power solutions and (iv) others.


              Vehicle sales

              The Group generates revenue from sales of electric vehicles, together with a number of embedded
              products and services through a series of contracts. The Group identifies the users who purchase
              the vehicle as its customers. In general, there are multiple distinct performance obligations explicitly
              stated in a series of contracts in addition to sales of vehicles, which may include home chargers, vehicle
              connectivity services, extended warranty services and battery swapping services, some of which are only
              granted to certain initial users. These multiple distinct performance obligations are accounted for in
              accordance with ASC 606. The standard warranty provided by the Group is accounted for in accordance
              with ASC 460, Guarantees, and the estimated costs are recorded as a liability when the Group transfer
              the control of vehicle to a user.




344   NIO Inc.
                                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                           (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
  (r) Revenue recognition (continued)

     Vehicle sales (continued)

     In the instance that customers only pay the amount after deducting the government subsidies to
     which they are entitled for the purchase of electric vehicles, the government subsidies are applied and
     collected by the Group or Jianghuai Automobile Group Co., Ltd. (“JAC”) from the government on behalf of
     the customers. The government subsidy is considered as a part of the transaction price it charges the
     customers for the electric vehicle, as the subsidy is granted to the buyer of the electric vehicle instead of
     the Group and the buyer remains liable for such amount to the Group in the event the subsidies were not
     received by the Group.


     In the instance that some eligible customers elect installment payment for battery or the auto financing
     arrangements, the Group believes such arrangement contains a significant financing component and
     as a result adjusts the transaction price to reflect the impact of time value on the transaction price
     using an appropriate discount rate (i.e. the interest rates of the loan reflecting the credit risk of the
     borrower). Interest income from such arrangements with a significant financing component is presented
     as other sales. Receivables related to the battery installment payment and auto financing programs
     that are expected to be repaid by customers beyond one year of the dates of the financial statements
     are recognized as non-current assets. The difference between the gross receivable and the respective
     present value is recorded as unrealized finance income. Interest income from such arrangements with a
     significant financing component is presented separately from revenue from contracts with customers.


     The Group generally determines standalone selling prices based on the prices charged to customers. If
     the standalone selling price is not directly observable, it is estimated using expected cost plus a margin
     or adjusted market assessment approach, considering the Group’s pricing policies and practices, and
     the data utilized in making pricing decisions. The overall contract price is then allocated to each distinct
     performance obligation based on the relative estimated standalone selling price in accordance with ASC
     606. The revenue for vehicle sales and home chargers are recognized at a point in time when the control
     of the product is transferred to the customer. For the vehicle connectivity services and battery swapping
     services, the Group recognizes the revenue over time using a straight-line method during the estimated
     beneficial period. For the performance obligations which are only granted to initial owners, the estimated
     beneficial period is based on the estimated length of time that the initial owner owns the vehicles before
     it is re-sold to secondary market. As for the extended warranty services, given limited operating history
     and lack of sufficient historical data, the Group decides to recognize the revenue over time based on a
     straight-line method initially, and will continue monitoring the cost pattern periodically and adjust the
     revenue recognition pattern to reflect the actual cost pattern as it becomes available.


     As the consideration for the vehicle and all embedded services are generally paid in advance, which
     means the payments received are prior to the transfer of goods or services by the Group, the Group
     records a contract liability (deferred revenue) for the allocated amount regarding those unperformed
     obligations. As of December 31, 2023 and 2024, the balances of contract liabilities (deferred revenue)
     from vehicle sales contracts were RMB5,040,125 and RMB6,349,012 respectively.




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024         345
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
          (r) Revenue recognition (continued)

              Vehicle sales (continued)

              Battery as a Service (BaaS)

              The Battery as a Service (the “BaaS”), allows users to purchase electric vehicles without batteries and
              subscribe for the usage of batteries separately. In PRC, under the BaaS, the Group sells batteries to
              Wuhan Weineng Battery Asset Co., Ltd. (the “Battery Asset Company”), an equity investee of the Group, on
              a back-to-back basis when the Group sells the vehicle to the BaaS users and the BaaS users subscribe
              for the usage of the batteries from the Battery Asset Company by paying a monthly subscription fee to
              the Battery Asset Company. The promise to transfer the control of the batteries to the Battery Asset
              Company is the only performance obligation in the contract with the Battery Asset Company for the sales
              of batteries. The Group recognizes revenue from the sales of batteries to the Battery Asset Company
              when the vehicles (together with the batteries) are delivered to the BaaS users which is the point
              considered then the control of the batteries is transferred to the Battery Asset Company.


              Together with the sales of the batteries, the Group entered into service agreements with the Battery
              Asset Company, pursuant to which the Group provides services to the Battery Asset Company including
              batteries monitoring, maintenance, upgrade, replacement, IT system support, etc., with monthly service
              charges. In case of any default in payment of monthly rental fees from users, the Battery Asset Company
              also has right to request the Group to track and lock down the battery subscribed by the users to limit its
              usage. In addition, in furtherance of the BaaS, the Group agreed to provide guarantee to the Battery Asset
              Company for the default in payment of monthly subscription fees from users. The maximum amount of
              guarantee that can be claimed by the Battery Asset Company for the users’ payment default shall not be
              higher than the accumulated service fees the Group receives from the Battery Asset Company.


              For services provided to the Battery Asset Company, revenue is recognized over the period when services
              are rendered. As for financial guarantee liabilities, the provision of guarantee is linked to and associated
              with services rendered to the Battery Asset Company and the payment of guarantee amount is therefore
              accounted for as the reduction to the revenue from the Battery Asset Company.


              The fair value of the guarantee liabilities is determined by taking considerations of the default pattern
              of the Group’s existing battery installment programs provided to users. At each period end, the financial
              liabilities are remeasured with the corresponding changes recorded as the reduction to the revenue.
              For the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2024, both service revenue and guarantee liability were
              immaterial.




346   NIO Inc.
                                    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                           (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
  (r) Revenue recognition (continued)

     Vehicle sales (continued)

     Battery as a Service (BaaS) (continued)

     Since 2022, the BaaS users are also provided with the option to buy out the batteries in PRC. Under this
     arrangement, BaaS users and the Battery Asset Company enter into battery subscription termination
     agreement, and the Group purchases the outgoing batteries from the Battery Asset Company, after which
     the Group sells batteries with qualified performance to the BaaS users. These transactions are arranged
     on back-to-back basis under which the Group is in substance rendering the agency service to facilitate
     the BaaS users which are also the customers of the Group to complete the purchase of batteries from
     the Battery Asset Company. The Group therefore recognizes revenue of the service to facilitate the BaaS
     batteries buy out transactions on net basis with the amount of the difference between the consideration
     the Group receives from the BaaS users for the battery sales and the price of batteries the Group pays
     to the Battery Asset Company. Upon the completion of BaaS buy-out, the Group stops to provide battery
     service and is not obliged to provide guarantee and warranty related to the relevant batteries to the
     Battery Asset Company.


     Practical expedients and exemptions

     The Group follows the guidance on immaterial promises when identifying performance obligations in the
     vehicle sales contracts and concludes that certain value-added services are not performance obligations
     considering that they are not critical items for vehicle driving and the usage of these services are
     expected to be very limited. The Group also performs an estimation on the standalone fair value of each
     promise applying a cost plus margin approach and concludes that the standalone fair value of these
     services are insignificant individually and in aggregate, representing less than 3% of vehicle gross selling
     price and aggregate fair value of each individual promise.


     Parts, accessories and after-sales vehicle services

     The Group sells parts and accessories to the third party authorized service centers and its users, and
     provides after-sales vehicle services to users, including, repair, maintenance, extended warranty services
     and other vehicle services. Revenue from the sales of parts and accessories is recognized when the
     control of the products is transferred to the customers. Revenue from after-sales services is recognized
     when the services are rendered.


     Provision of power solutions

     The Group provides power solutions to users, including, sale of charging piles, provision of battery
     charging and swapping services, battery upgrade service, BaaS battery buy-out service and other power
     solution services. Revenue from the services is recognized when relevant services are rendered. Revenue
     from the sales of charging piles is recognized when the control of the products is transferred to the
     customers.




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024         347
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
          (r) Revenue recognition (continued)

              Battery swapping service

              The Group provides battery swapping service to users with convenient “recharging” experience by
              swapping the user’s battery for another one. The battery swapping service is in substance a charging
              service instead of non-monetary exchanges or sales of batteries as the batteries involved in such
              swapping are the same in capacity and very similar in performance.


              For performance obligation of the battery swapping service sold together with the vehicles (i.e. monthly
              free-of-charge quota), the Group recognizes the revenue over time using a straight-line method in the
              estimated beneficial period, being the estimated length of time that the initial owner owns the vehicle.
              For the battery swapping beyond monthly free-of-charge quota for which additional considerations are
              paid by the users, the Group recognizes revenue when the battery swapping service is completed.


              Battery upgrade service

              The Group provides battery upgrade service to both BaaS users and non-BaaS users. The users can
              exchange their batteries with lower capacity for the batteries with higher capacity from the Group with a
              fixed cash consideration. The battery upgrade service is in substance the provision of incremental battery
              capacity service to the users instead of non-monetary battery exchanges or sales of battery. Therefore,
              under non-BaaS model, the revenue from the battery upgrade service is recognized at the amount of
              cash consideration paid by users at a point in time when the service is rendered. Under the BaaS model,
              since the ownership of originally installed battery belongs to the Battery Asset Company, when a user
              requests battery upgrade, the Group actually upgrades the battery that belongs to the Battery Asset
              Company and recognize revenue for the battery upgrade service at the amount paid by the Battery Asset
              Company when upgrade service is rendered. BaaS users will then pay a higher monthly subscription fee
              to the Battery Asset Company for subscribing for the battery with higher capacity.


              Others

              Other revenues consists of sales of used vehicles, auto financing services, technical services, retail
              merchandise, automotive regulatory credits, embedded products and services offered together with
              vehicle sales, including vehicle connectivity services, and other products and services. Revenue is
              recognized when relevant services are rendered or control of the products is transferred.


              Technical services

              The Group provides a range of technical services to customers, including technologies licensing,
              engineering, development, testing, sourcing, support and consultancy services. Revenue from technical
              services is recognized when relevant services are rendered.




348   NIO Inc.
                                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                            (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
  (r) Revenue recognition (continued)

     Technical services (continued)

     Among these services, the Group generates revenue from providing a non-exclusive, non-transferable
     and sublicensable worldwide license of the Group’s existing and future iteration of technical information,
     technical solutions, software and intellectual property rights in relation to its electric vehicle platform
     (collectively referred to as the “Licensed Technologies”) to a related party and its affiliates. The
     consideration agreed includes one-time fixed amount of license fee plus royalties determined based on
     licensed products sold by licensee in the future. The functionality of the Licensed Technologies granted
     to this related party is expected to substantively change during the license period, and the related party
     is practically required to use the updated Licensed Technologies. This arrangement is considered as one
     performance obligation to provide access to the Group’s technology, which is continuously developed and
     upgraded by the Group over the license period. The license fee is recognized in revenue on a straight-line
     basis over the license period and the sales-based royalties is recognized when the subsequent sale
     occurs.


     Sales of automotive regulatory credits

     New Energy Vehicle (“NEV”) mandate policy launched by China’s Ministry of Industry and Information
     Technology (“MIIT”) specifies the NEV credit targets and as all of the Group’s products are NEVs, the
     Group is able to generate NEV credits above target. The credits earned per vehicle is dependent on
     various metrics such as vehicle driving range and battery energy efficiency, and is calculated based on
     the MIIT published formula. Excess positive NEV credits are tradable to other vehicle manufacturers
     through a credit management system established by the MIIT on a separately negotiated basis. The
     Group sells these credits at agreed price to other vehicle manufacturers.


     Considerations for automotive regulatory credits are typically received at the point control transfers to
     the customer, or in accordance with payment terms customary to the business. The Group recognizes
     revenue on the sale of automotive regulatory credits at the time control of the regulatory credits
     is transferred to the purchasing party as other sales revenue in the consolidated statements of
     comprehensive loss.


     Incentives

     The Group frequently offers NIO points, a self-managed customer loyalty program, and coupons under
     various scenarios, which can be redeemed to acquire free or discounted goods or services provided by
     the Group, including accessories, branded merchandise and other services etc. The major accounting
     policy for those incentives is described as follows:




                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024         349
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
          (r) Revenue recognition (continued)

              Sales of automotive regulatory credits (continued)

              Incentives (continued)

              (i) Incentives in connection with sales transactions

                  NIO points and coupons granted in connection with the sales transaction that provide a material
                  right to the customer give rise to a separate performance obligation according to ASC 606, and are
                  taken into consideration when allocating the transaction price of the sales. The Group determines the
                  standalone selling price of each point or coupon based on estimated incremental discount adjusted
                  for redemption probability, which is estimated based on the historical redemption pattern. The
                  amount allocated to the NIO points and coupons as separate performance obligation is recorded as
                  contract liability (deferred revenue) and revenue should be recognized when future goods or services
                  are transferred or when the NIO points and coupons expire.


                  A coupon that can be applied against amounts owed to the Group in a future sale transaction is
                  consideration payable to a customer, which is accounted for as a reduction of the transaction price
                  and, therefore, of revenue.


              (ii) Incentives in other scenarios

                  NIO points and coupons are also granted for encouraging user engagement and generating market
                  awareness, such as inviting friends to test drive or purchase a vehicle, frequent sign-ins to the
                  Group’s mobile application, participating in community activities, etc. The Group accounts for such
                  NIO points and coupons as selling, general and administrative expenses with a corresponding liability
                  recorded under other current liabilities of its consolidated balance sheets upon the NIO points and
                  coupons are granted. The Group estimates the liabilities based on cost of the products and services
                  that can be redeemed, and its estimate of probability of redemption. At the time of redemption,
                  the Group records a reduction of inventory and other current liabilities. In certain cases where
                  merchandise is sold for cash in addition to NIO points, the Group records revenue of other sales for
                  the amount of cash received.


                  For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2023 and 2024, the revenue portion allocated to the NIO
                  points and coupons as a separate performance obligation was RMB492,925, RMB863,627 and
                  RMB1,683,234, respectively, which is recorded as contract liability (deferred revenue). For the years
                  ended December 31, 2022, 2023 and 2024, the total NIO points and coupons recorded as selling,
                  general and administrative expenses was RMB215,201, RMB162,875 and RMB386,663, respectively.


                  As of December 31, 2023 and, 2024, liabilities recorded related to unredeemed NIO points and
                  coupons were RMB1,065,139, and RMB2,017,516, respectively.




350   NIO Inc.
                                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                            (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
  (s) Cost of Sales

     Vehicle

     Cost of vehicle sales includes parts, materials, processing fee, labor costs, manufacturing cost (including
     depreciation of assets associated with the production) and losses from production related purchase
     commitments. Cost of vehicle sales also includes reserves for estimated warranty expenses and charges
     to write-down the carrying value of the inventory when it exceeds its estimated net realizable value and
     to provide for on-hand inventory that is either obsolete or in excess of forecasted demand.


     Service and Other

     Cost of service and other sales includes direct parts, materials, labor costs, vehicle connectivity costs,
     depreciation of associated assets used for providing services, and other cost associated with sales of
     service and others.


  (t) Sales and marketing expenses

     Sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of advertising expenses, marketing and promotional
     expenses, salaries and other compensation-related expenses to sales and marketing personnel.
     Advertising expenses consist primarily of costs for the promotion of corporate image and product
     marketing. The Group expenses all advertising costs as incurred and classifies these costs under sales
     and marketing expenses. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2023 and 2024, advertising costs
     totaled RMB815,619, RMB1,242,941 and RMB1,480,886, respectively.


  (u) Research and development expenses

     Certain costs associated with developing internal-use software are capitalized when such costs are
     incurred within the application development stage of software development. Other than that, all
     costs associated with research and development (“R&D”) are expensed as incurred. R&D expenses
     are primary comprised of charges for R&D and consulting work performed by third parties; salaries,
     bonuses, share-based compensation, and benefits for those employees engaged in research, design and
     development activities; costs related to design tools; license expenses related to intellectual property,
     supplies and services; and allocated costs, including depreciation and amortization, rental fees, and
     utilities.


  (v) General and administrative expenses

     General and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries, bonuses, share-based compensation
     and benefits for employees involved in general corporate functions, depreciation and amortization of
     fixed assets which are used in general corporate activities, legal and other professional services fees,
     rental and other general corporate related expenses.




                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024         351
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
          (w) Employee benefits

              Full time employees of the Group in the PRC participate in a government mandated defined contribution
              plan, pursuant to which certain pension benefits, medical care, employee housing fund and other welfare
              benefits are provided to the employees. Chinese labor regulations require that the PRC subsidiaries and
              VIEs of the Group make contributions to the government for these benefits based on certain percentages
              of the employees’ salaries, up to a maximum amount specified by the local government. The Group has
              no legal obligation for the benefits beyond the contributions made. Total amounts of such employee
              benefit expenses, which were expensed as incurred, were approximately RMB1,578,273, RMB2,349,966
              and RMB3,005,528 for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2023 and 2024, respectively.


          (x) Government grants

              The Company’s subsidiaries received government subsidies from certain local governments. The Group’s
              government subsidies consisted of specific subsidies and other subsidies. Specific subsidies are
              subsidies that the local government has provided for a specific purpose, such as product development
              and renewal of production facilities. Other subsidies are the subsidies that the local government has not
              specified its purpose for and are not tied to future trends or performance of the Group; receipt of such
              subsidy income is not contingent upon any further actions or performance of the Group and the amounts
              do not have to be refunded under any circumstances. The Group recorded specific purpose subsidies
              as deferred income when received. For specific subsidies, upon government acceptance of the related
              project development or asset acquisition, the specific purpose subsidies are recognized to reduce
              related R&D expenses or the depreciation expense of asset during the period when the relevant expenses
              are recognized. Other subsidies are recognized as other operating income upon receipt as further
              performance by the Group is not required.


          (y) Income taxes

              Current income taxes are recorded in accordance with the regulations of the relevant tax jurisdiction.
              The Group accounts for income taxes under the asset and liability method in accordance with ASC
              740, Income Tax . Deferred income taxes are recognized for the tax consequences attributable to
              differences between carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities in the financial statements
              and their respective tax basis, and operating loss carry-forwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities
              are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those
              temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect on deferred taxes of a change
              in tax rates is recognized in the consolidated statements of comprehensive loss in the period of change.
              Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce the amount of deferred tax assets if it is
              considered more likely than not that amount of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.


              The Group records liabilities related to uncertain tax positions when, despite the Group’s belief that
              the Group’s tax return positions are supportable, the Group believes that it is more likely than not that
              those positions may not be fully sustained upon review by tax authorities. Accrued interest and penalties
              related to unrecognized tax benefits are classified as income tax expense. The Group did not recognize
              uncertain tax positions as of December 31, 2023 and 2024.




352   NIO Inc.
                                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                           (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
  (z) Share-based compensation

     The Company grants restricted shares and share options of the Company and its subsidiary to
     eligible employees and non-employee consultants and accounts for share-based compensation in
     accordance with ASC 718, Compensation – Stock Compensation and ASU 2018-07-Compensation-stock
     compensation (Topic 718)-Improvements to non-employee share-based payment accounting.


     Employees’ share-based compensation awards are measured at the grant date fair value of the awards
     and recognized as expenses a) immediately at the grant date if no vesting conditions are required; or b)
     for share options or restricted shares granted with only service conditions, using the straight-line vesting
     method, net of estimated forfeitures, over the vesting period; or c) for share options where the underlying
     share is liability within the scope of ASC 480, using the graded vesting method, net of estimated
     forfeitures, over the vesting period, and re-measuring the fair value of the award at each reporting period
     end until the award is settled.


     All transactions in which goods or services are received in exchange for equity instruments are accounted
     for based on the fair value of the consideration received or the fair value of the equity instrument issued,
     whichever is more reliably measurable.


     In April 2019, the Group adopted ASU 2018-07, “Compensation – Stock Compensation (Topic 718):
     Improvements to Non-employee Share-Based Payment Accounting”. Upon the adoption of this guidance,
     the Group no longer re-measures equity-classified share-based awards granted to consultants
     or non-employees at each reporting date through the vesting period and the accounting for these
     share-based awards to consultants or non-employees and employees was substantially aligned.
     Share-based compensation expenses for share options and restricted shares granted to non-employees
     are measured at fair value at the date when such awards are granted and recognized over the period
     during which the service from the non-employees is provided.


     The binomial option-pricing model is used to measure the value of share options. The determination of
     the fair value is affected by the fair value of the ordinary shares as well as assumptions including the
     expected share price volatility, actual and projected employee and non-employee share option exercise
     behavior, risk-free interest rates and expected dividends.


     The assumptions used in share-based compensation expense recognition represent management’s best
     estimates, but these estimates involve inherent uncertainties and application of management judgment.
     If factors change or different assumptions are used, the share-based compensation expenses could be
     materially different for any period. Moreover, the estimates of fair value of the awards are not intended
     to predict actual future events or the value that ultimately will be realized by grantees who receive
     share-based awards, and subsequent events are not indicative of the reasonableness of the original
     estimates of fair value made by the Group for accounting purposes.




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024         353
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
          (z) Share-based compensation (continued)

              For restricted shares granted by one of the Company’s subsidiaries to employees, determination of
              related estimated fair values (the subsidiaries are not publicly traded) requires complex and subjective
              judgments due to limited financial and operating history, unique business risks and limited comparable
              public information. Key inputs and assumptions underlying the determined fair value of these restricted
              shares include but are not limited to the pricing of recent rounds of financing, future cash flow forecasts,
              discount rates, and liquidity factors relevant to each of the respective subsidiaries.


              Forfeitures are estimated at the time of grant and revised in subsequent periods if actual forfeitures
              differ from those estimates. The Group uses historical data to estimate pre-vesting options and records
              share-based compensation expenses only for those awards that are expected to vest.


          (aa) Comprehensive income/(loss)

              The Group applies ASC 220, Comprehensive Income , with respect to reporting and presentation of
              comprehensive loss and its components in a full set of financial statements. Comprehensive loss is
              defined to include all changes in equity of the Group during a period arising from transactions and other
              event and circumstances except those resulting from investments by shareholders and distributions
              to shareholders. For the years presented, the Group’s comprehensive loss includes net loss and other
              comprehensive income/(loss), which mainly consists of the foreign currency translation adjustment that
              have been excluded from the determination of net loss, change in fair value of available-for-sale debt
              securities.


          (ab) Leases

              As the lessee, the Group recognizes in the balance sheet a liability to make lease payments (the lease
              liability) and a right-of-use asset representing its right to use the underlying asset for the lease term.
              For leases with a term of 12 months or less, the Group makes an accounting policy election by class of
              underlying asset not to recognize lease assets and lease liabilities and recognizes lease expenses for
              such lease generally on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The Group primarily uses the discount
              rate at the lease commencement date using the rate implicit in the lease. If the information necessary to
              determine the rate implicit in the lease is not readily available, the Group uses its incremental borrowing
              rate (“IBR”). The IBR is determined by the Group’s best understanding of the interest rate the Group
              would bear to borrow an amount equal to the lease payments in a similar economic environment over the
              lease term based on its credit rating. Operating lease assets are included within right-of-use assets –
              operating lease, and the corresponding operating lease liabilities are included within operating lease
              liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. Finance lease assets are included within other non-current
              assets, and the corresponding finance lease liabilities are included within accruals and other liabilities
              for the current portion, and within other non-current liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets.




354   NIO Inc.
                                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                          (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




2. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (continued)
  (ac) Dividends

     Dividends are recognized when declared. No dividends were declared for the years ended December 31,
     2022, 2023 and 2024.


  (ad) Earnings/(loss) per share

     Basic earnings/(loss) per share is computed by dividing net income/(loss) attributable to ordinary
     shareholders by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period.
     Accretion of the redeemable non-controlling interests is deducted from the net income/(loss) to arrive at
     net income/(loss) attributable to the Company’s ordinary shareholders. Diluted earnings/(loss) per share
     is calculated by dividing net income/(loss) attributable to ordinary shareholders, by the weighted average
     number of ordinary and dilutive ordinary equivalent shares outstanding during the period. Ordinary
     equivalent shares consist of unvested restricted shares, restricted share units and ordinary shares
     issuable upon the exercise of outstanding share options (using the treasury stock method) and ordinary
     shares issuable upon the conversion of the convertible senior notes issued by the Company (using the
     if-converted method). Ordinary equivalent shares are not included in the denominator of the diluted
     earnings per share calculation when inclusion of such shares would be anti-dilutive.


  (ae) Segment reporting

     ASC 280, Segment Reporting, establishes standards for companies to report in their financial statements
     information about operating segments, products, services, geographic areas, and major customers.
     Operating segments are defined as components of an enterprise for which separate financial information
     is available and evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision maker in deciding how to allocate
     resources and in assessing performance.


     Based on the criteria established by ASC 280, the Group’s chief operating decision maker (“CODM”) has
     been identified as the Chief Executive Officer, who reviews consolidated results when making decisions
     about allocating resources and assessing performance of the Group as a whole and hence, the Group
     has only one reportable segment. This segment is engaged in smart electric vehicles related business.
     The Group derives revenue primarily in the “PRC” and manages the business activities on a consolidated
     basis.


     The primary measure of segment profitability for the Group operating segment is considered to be net
     loss. Net loss is used by the CODM to monitor budget versus actual results as well as comparation
     with the Group’s competitors, which are used in assessing performance of the segment. Significant
     segment expenses reviewed by the CODM on a regular basis included within net loss include cost of
     sales, research and development expenses and selling, general and administrative expenses which are
     separately presented on the Group’s Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss. Other segment
     items within net loss include interest and investment income, interest expenses, share of income/(loss)
     of equity investees, other (loss)/income, net and income tax expense/(benefit).


     The Group does not distinguish between markets or segments for the purpose of internal reporting.
     As the Group’s long-lived assets are substantially located in the PRC, no geographical segments are
     presented.


                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024         355
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      3. RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS
          (a) Recently adopted accounting pronouncements

              In June 2022, the FASB issued ASU 2022-03 Fair Value Measurement (Topic 820): Fair Value
              Measurement of Equity Securities Subject to Contractual Sale Restrictions. The update clarifies that a
              contractual restriction on the sale of an equity security is not considered part of the unit of account of
              the equity security and, therefore, is not considered in measuring fair value. The update also clarifies that
              an entity cannot, as a separate unit of account, recognize and measure a contractual sale restriction.
              The update also requires certain additional disclosures for equity securities subject to contractual sale
              restrictions. The amendments in this update are effective for the Company beginning January 1, 2024
              on a prospective basis. The Group adopted this ASU from January 1, 2024, which did not have a material
              impact on the Group’s consolidated financial statements.


              In November 2023, the FASB issued ASU No. 2023-07, Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures
              (Topic 280). This ASU updates reportable segment disclosure requirements by requiring disclosures
              of significant reportable segment expenses that are regularly provided to the Chief Operating Decision
              Maker (“CODM”) and included within each reported measure of a segment’s profit or loss. This ASU also
              requires disclosure of the title and position of the individual identified as the CODM and an explanation
              of how the CODM uses the reported measures of a segment’s profit or loss in assessing segment
              performance and deciding how to allocate resources. The ASU is effective for annual periods beginning
              after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024.
              Adoption of the ASU should be applied retrospectively to all prior periods presented in the financial
              statements. The Group adopted this ASU from January 1, 2024, which did not have a material impact on
              the Group’s consolidated financial statements.


          (b) Recently issued accounting pronouncements not yet adopted

              In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU No. 2023-08, Accounting for and Disclosure of Crypto Assets
              (Subtopic 350-60). This ASU requires certain crypto assets to be measured at fair value separately in the
              balance sheet and income statement each reporting period. This ASU also enhances the other intangible
              asset disclosure requirements by requiring the name, cost basis, fair value, and number of units for each
              significant crypto holding. The ASU is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2024,
              including interim periods within those fiscal years. Adoption of the ASU requires a cumulative-effect
              adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings as of the beginning of the annual reporting
              period in which an entity adopts the amendments. Early adoption is also permitted, including adoption
              in an interim period. This ASU is currently not expected to have a material impact on the Group’s
              consolidated financial statements.


              In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU No. 2023-09, Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures
              (Topic 740). The ASU requires disaggregated information about a reporting entity’s effective tax
              rate reconciliation as well as additional information on income taxes paid. The ASU is effective on a
              prospective basis for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2024. Early adoption is also permitted
              for annual financial statements that have not yet been issued or made available for issuance. This ASU
              will result in the required additional disclosures being included in our consolidated financial statements,
              once adopted. This ASU is currently not expected to have a material impact on the Group’s consolidated
              financial statements.


356   NIO Inc.
                                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                          (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




3. RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS (continued)
  (b) Recently issued accounting pronouncements not yet adopted (continued)

     In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU No. 2024-03, Income Statement – Reporting Comprehensive
     Income – Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40). This ASU requires disclosure, in the
     notes to financial statements, of specified information about certain costs and expenses. A reporting
     entity is required to 1) disclose the amounts of (a) purchases of inventory, (b) employee compensation,
     (c) depreciation, (d) intangible asset amortization, and (e) depreciation, depletion, and amortization
     recognized as part of oil and gas-producing activities (DD&A) (or other amounts of depletion expense)
     included in each relevant expense caption. A relevant expense caption is an expense caption presented
     on the face of the income statement within continuing operations that contains any of the expense
     categories listed in (a)–(e); 2) include certain amounts that are already required to be disclosed under
     current generally accepted accounting principles in the same disclosure as the other disaggregation
     requirements; 3) disclose a qualitative description of the amounts remaining in relevant expense
     captions that are not separately disaggregated quantitatively, and 4) disclose the total amount of selling
     expenses and, in annual reporting periods, an entity’s definition of selling expenses. The ASU is effective
     for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2026, and interim reporting periods beginning
     after December 15, 2027. Early adoption is permitted. The Group is in the process of assessing the
     impact of this ASU on the Group’s consolidated financial statements.


     In November 2024, the FASB issued ASU 2024-04, Debt – Debt with Conversion and Other Options
     (Subtopic 470-20). The amendments in this ASU clarify the requirements for determining whether certain
     settlements of convertible debt instruments should be accounted for as an induced conversion. The
     amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2025, and interim
     reporting periods within those annual reporting periods. Early adoption is permitted. The Group is in the
     process of assessing the impact of the amendments on the Group’s consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024         357
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      4. CONCENTRATION AND RISKS
          (a) Concentration of credit risk

              Assets that potentially subject the Group to significant concentrations of credit risk primarily consist of
              cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, short-term investment, trade receivable, amount due from
              related parties, deposits and other receivables. The maximum exposure of such assets to credit risk
              is their carrying amounts as of the balance sheet dates. As of December 31, 2023 and 2024, the great
              majority of the Group’s cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and short-term investments were held
              by major financial institutions located in the PRC and the United States which management believes are
              of high credit quality based on their credit ratings.


          (b) Currency convertibility risk

              The PRC government imposes controls on the convertibility of RMB into foreign currencies. The
              Group’s cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash denominated in RMB that are subject to such
              government controls amounted to RMB12,472,010 and RMB19,902,484 as of December 31, 2023 and
              2024, respectively. The value of RMB is subject to changes in the central government policies and to
              international economic and political developments affecting supply and demand in the PRC foreign
              exchange trading system market. In the PRC, certain foreign exchange transactions are required by
              law to be transacted only by authorized financial institutions at exchange rates set by the People’s
              Bank of China (the “PBOC”). Remittances in currencies other than RMB by the Group in the PRC must
              be processed through PBOC or other Chinese foreign exchange regulatory bodies which require certain
              supporting documentation in order to process the remittance.


          (c) Foreign currency exchange rate risk

              Since July 21, 2005, the RMB has been permitted to fluctuate within a narrow and managed band against
              a basket of certain foreign currencies. While the international reaction to the RMB appreciation has
              generally been positive, there remains significant international pressure on the PRC government to adopt
              an even more flexible currency policy, which could result in a further and more significant appreciation of
              the RMB against other currencies.




358   NIO Inc.
                                        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                        (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




4. CONCENTRATION AND RISKS (continued)
  (d) Concentration of customers and suppliers

     The following tables summarized the customer with greater than 10% of the total revenue and account
     receivables:


                                                                   For the Year Ended December 31,

                                                                      2022                2023                 2024

     Percentage of the total revenue
     Customer A[1]                                                         *                   *               15%


                                                                                December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                          2023                 2024

     Percentage of the account receivables
     Customer A[1]                                                                         27%                 81%


     * Less than 10%
     [1] A related party of the Group


     The following tables summarizes the supplier with greater than 10% of the total purchase and payables:


                                                                   For the Year Ended December 31,

                                                                      2022                2023                 2024

     Percentage of the total purchase
     Supplier A                                                        20%                 15%                 13%


                                                                                December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                          2023                 2024

     Percentage of the account payables
     Supplier A                                                                            20%                 16%




                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2024         359
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      5. INVENTORY


                                                                                        December 31,      December 31,
                                                                                                 2023              2024

          Raw materials                                                                     2,245,076         2,273,991
          Work in process                                                                       90,035          141,195
          Finished Goods                                                                    2,646,287         4,291,167
          Merchandise                                                                         480,174           626,772
          Less: inventory provision                                                           (183,846)        (245,902)
          Total                                                                             5,277,726         7,087,223


          Raw materials primarily consist of materials for volume production as well as spare parts used for aftersales
          services.


          Finished goods include vehicles ready for transit at production factory, vehicles in transit to fulfill customer
          orders, new vehicles available for immediate sale at the Group’s sales and service center locations and
          charging piles.


          Merchandise includes accessories and branded merchandise which can be redeemed by customer loyalty
          program.


          Inventory write-downs recorded in cost of sales for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2023 and 2024 were
          RMB148,729, RMB65,362 and RMB123,345, respectively.


      6. PREPAYMENTS AND OTHER CURRENT ASSETS
          Prepayments and other current assets consist of the following:


                                                                                        December 31,      December 31,
                                                                                                 2023              2024

          Deductible VAT input                                                              2,271,162         2,326,470
          Prepayment to vendors                                                               575,016           755,376
          Deposits                                                                            240,769           376,130
          Receivables from third party online payment service providers                       160,030            85,621
          Interest receivable                                                                   42,340           16,944
          Other receivables                                                                   150,857            74,327
          Less: Allowance for credit losses                                                     (5,411)           (1,912)
          Total                                                                             3,434,763         3,632,956




360   NIO Inc.
                                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                        (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




7. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT, NET
  Property, plant and equipment and related accumulated depreciation were as follows:


                                                                                December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                          2023                 2024

  Charging & battery swap equipment                                                 6,442,827            7,761,253
  Mold and tooling                                                                  6,341,011            7,108,020
  Production facilities                                                             6,025,654            6,845,010
  Leasehold improvements                                                            5,160,732            6,124,611
  Construction in process                                                           2,894,333            3,616,078
  Corporate vehicles                                                                   833,355           1,949,132
  Computer and electronic equipment                                                 1,767,634            1,922,333
  R&D equipment                                                                     1,469,604            1,635,821
  Purchased software                                                                1,281,685            1,349,419
  Buildings and constructions                                                          912,378             913,281
  Subscription vehicles                                                                890,044             799,846
  Others                                                                            1,150,042            1,429,868
  Subtotal                                                                         35,169,299          41,454,672
  Less: Accumulated depreciation                                                  (10,288,331)        (15,559,399)
  Less: Accumulated impairment                                                         (33,964)              (2,369)
  Total property, plant and equipment, net                                         24,847,004          25,892,904


  The Group recorded depreciation expenses of RMB2,874,912, RMB3,372,673 and RMB5,870,195 for the
  years ended December 31, 2022, 2023 and 2024, respectively.


8. LAND USE RIGHTS, NET
  Land use rights and related accumulated amortization were as follows:


                                                                                December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                          2023                 2024

  Land use rights                                                                      235,198             235,198
  Less: Accumulated amortization – land use rights                                     (27,899)             (33,203)
  Total land use rights, net                                                           207,299             201,995


  The Group recorded amortization expense for land use rights of RMB5,227, RMB5,304 and RMB5,304 for the
  years ended December 31, 2022, 2023 and 2024, respectively.




                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2024         361
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      9. LONG-TERM INVESTMENTS
          The Group’s long-term investments consisted of the following:


                                                                                         December 31,     December 31,
                                                                                                  2023             2024

          Equity investments:
            Equity method investments (i)                                                    1,505,509        1,275,287
            Equity securities using fair value option (ii)                                   1,528,861        1,103,150
            Equity securities without readily determinable fair value (iii)                   391,205           504,282
            Equity securities with readily determinable fair value                              45,323           33,865
          Debt investments:
            Held-to-maturity debt securities – time deposit (iv)                             1,875,318           12,086
            Available-for-sale debt securities (v)                                            120,000           173,918
            Retained asset-backed securities (vi)                                               21,000           23,419
          Total                                                                              5,487,216        3,126,007


          (i) Equity method investments

              In August 2020, the Group and three other third party investors jointly established the Battery Asset
              Company. The Group invested RMB200,000 in the Battery Asset Company and held 25% of the Battery
              Asset Company’s equity interests. In December 2020, the Battery Asset Company entered into an
              agreement with the other third-party investors for a total additional investment of RMB640,000 by
              those investors. In 2021, the Group invested an additional RMB270,000 and owned approximately 19.8%
              equity interests of the Battery Asset Company. In July 2022, the Battery Asset Company entered into an
              agreement with the other third-party investors for a total additional investment of RMB40,000 by those
              investors. As of December 31, 2024, the Group owns approximately 19.4% equity interests of the Battery
              Asset Company. The Group, as a major shareholder of the Battery Asset Company, is entitled to appoint
              one out of eight directors in the Battery Asset Company’s board of directors and can exercise significant
              influence over the Battery Asset Company. Therefore, the investment in the Battery Asset Company is
              accounted for using the equity method of accounting.


              In July 2024, the Group and one of its shareholders, CYVN Holding L.L.C. (“CYVN”), established a joint
              venture, with total authorized share capital of US$55 million, among which, the Group and CYVN will
              invest US$28 million and US$27 million, representing equity interests of 51% and 49%, respectively.
              The Group is not considered as the controlling shareholder of this joint value given the absence of
              sufficient voting interests over this joint venture’s significant activities by assessing its influence over
              decision-making activities in both board of directors and shareholders’ level. As a result, this investment
              is accounted for using equity method.


              In 2023 and 2024, the Group invested in several private funds and entities with a total amount of
              RMB128,225 and RMB279,079, respectively. The Group does not control but can exercise significant
              influence over these investees with certain voting rights. Therefore, the Group accounts for these
              investments under equity method.




362   NIO Inc.
                                    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                          (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




9. LONG-TERM INVESTMENTS (continued)
  (i) Equity method investments (continued)

     During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2023 and 2024, the Group recognized RMB377,775,
     RMB64,394 of shares of income of equity investees and RMB503,193 of shares of loss of equity
     investees, respectively, from these equity method investments.


     As of December 31, 2023 and 2024, none of the Group’s equity method investment, neither individually
     nor in aggregate, was considered as significant under Reg S-X Rules.


  (ii) Equity securities using fair value option

     In July 2021, the Group, together with several third party investors, established a fund with total capital
     contributions of RMB650,000, among which the Group contributed RMB550,000. According to the
     fund agreement, the fund is established for the sole purpose of investing in a pre-determined private
     company and the Group is able to unilaterally determine the operation and investment strategy of the
     fund. Therefore, the Group consolidated the financial statements of the fund. The investments provided
     by other investors to the fund with amount of RMB100,000 are classified as non-controlling interest.
     The fund purchased a minority interest of a private company that was pre-determined with total
     consideration of RMB650,000. Since the investment contained certain substantive preferential rights,
     including redemption at the holders’ option upon occurrence of certain contingent events that were out
     of the investee’s control and liquidation preference over the common shareholders, it was not considered
     as common stock or in-substance common stock and was therefore classified as available-for-sale
     debt investment which was measured at its fair value with the change of fair value recognized as other
     comprehensive income. In 2022, the Group entered into agreements with other third-party investors and
     disposed certain equity interests of this private company with the total consideration of RMB270,000
     and recognized investment gain of RMB171,567, among which RMB4,652 were released from unrealized
     gains of other comprehensive income. In November 2023, all shareholders of the investee entered
     into agreements and agreed to terminate their redemption rights, with other preferential rights being
     remained effective, including the rights to request the investee’s founders’ to repurchase shares
     from certain shareholders upon the achievement of certain contingent events (the “Put option”) and
     liquidation preference over the rights of common shareholders. As a result of these changes, the Group
     determined that the fund should no longer be considered a debt investment. The Group discontinued
     available-for-sale debt investment accounting and accounted for this investment as an equity
     investment using the fair value option. Due to the change in the character of the investment and as a
     result of the related remeasurement, a gain on the previously held available-for-sale debt security was
     recognized by recycling a previously unrealized gain of RMB977,294 from other comprehensive income
     to investment income. Correspondingly, the deferred tax impact associated with this unrealised gain of
     RMB206,734 that was previously recorded in other comprehensive income was recognized in deferred
     income tax expenses.


     As of December 31, 2024, the Group valued equity securities using fair value option using a market
     approach by adopting a backsolve method which benchmarked to recent comparable financing
     transactions of these investments, and recognized a loss from the decrease of the fair value of
     RMB425,711. After deducting the tax impact of RMB89,411, the Group recorded RMB336,300 in net loss,
     among which RMB68,068 was attributed to non-controlling interests.


                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024         363
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      9. LONG-TERM INVESTMENTS (continued)
          (iii) Equity securities without readily determinable fair value

                                                                                     December 31,    December 31,
                                                                                              2023            2024

              Equity securities without readily determinable fair value:
                 Initial cost                                                              304,134         417,497
                 Net cumulative fair value adjustments                                      87,071          86,785
                 Carrying value                                                            391,205         504,282


              The Group has certain equity investments which are measured under the measurement alternative.
              During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2023 and 2024, the Group invested RMB35, RMB294,657
              and RMB113,363 in equity securities without readily determinable fair value, respectively. The Group
              re-measured these investments based on recent financing transactions of these investees, which were
              considered as observable transactions, and recorded fair value losses of RMB2,652, RMB4,988 and
              RMB286 in investment income during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2023 and 2024, respectively.


              No impairment charges were recognized for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2023 and 2024.


          (iv) Held-to-maturity debt securities – time deposit

              Held-to-maturity investments represent time deposits in commercial banks with maturities of more than
              one year with carrying amounts of RMB1,875.3 million and RMB12.1 million as of December 31, 2023 and
              2024 respectively. As of December 31, 2023 and 2024, the weighted average maturities periods are 1.5
              and 2.1 years, respectively.


              No impairment charges were recognized for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2023 and 2024.


          (v) Available-for-sale debt securities

                                                                                     December 31,    December 31,
                                                                                              2023            2024

              Available-for-sale debt securities:
                 Initial cost                                                              120,000         173,918
                 Net cumulative fair value adjustments                                           –                –
                 Carrying value                                                            120,000         173,918


              During the years ended 2022, 2023 and 2024, the Group invested RMB120,000, nil and RMB53,918 in
              certain private companies, respectively. Since the investment contains certain substantive preferential
              rights, including redemption at the holders’ option upon occurrence of certain contingent events that
              are out of the investee’s control and liquidation preference over the rights of common shareholders,
              it is not considered as common stock or in-substance common stock and is therefore classified as
              available-for-sale debt investment which is measured at its fair value with the change of fair value
              recognized as other comprehensive income.




364   NIO Inc.
                                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                            (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




9. LONG-TERM INVESTMENTS (continued)
  (v) Available-for-sale debt securities (continued)

     There was no significant change to the fair value of these available-for-sale debt securities investments
     during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2023 and 2024, based on the Company’s fair value
     assessment. No impairment charges were recognized for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2023 and
     2024.


  (vi) Retained asset-backed securities

     In August 2023 and January 2024, the Company, through its wholly owned subsidiary, entered into
     asset-backed securitization arrangements and securitized receivables arising from auto financing
     arrangements through the transfer of those assets to third party securitization entities. The
     securitization entities initially issued debt securities to investors at the total amount of RMB859 million
     and RMB2,450 million, respectively. The Group provides management, administration and collection
     services at market rates on the transferred financial assets, but only retains an insignificant economic
     interest in the securitization entities. As a result, the Group does not have control over the securitization
     entity and the transferred receivables were derecognized. The Group elects to classify the retained
     asset-backed securities as trading securities.


10. OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS
  Other non-current assets consist of the following:


                                                                                    December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                              2023                 2024

  Non-current portion of prepayments for long-term assets                               1,173,248            1,246,836
  Long-term deposits                                                                    1,092,550            1,196,193
  Non-current portion of auto financing receivables                                     2,486,326              863,796
  Non-current portion of right of use assets – finance lease                                55,985               63,635
  Others                                                                                   128,809             262,063
  Less: Allowance for credit losses                                                        (53,357)             (59,386)
  Total                                                                                 4,883,561            3,573,137


  Long-term deposits mainly consists of deposits to vendors for guarantee of production capacity as well as
  rental deposits which will not be collectible within one year.




                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024         365
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      11. ACCRUALS AND OTHER LIABILITIES
          Accruals and other liabilities consist of the following:


                                                                                      December 31,    December 31,
                                                                                              2023             2024

          Payables for purchase of property, plant and equipment                         4,445,749        3,643,002
          Current portion of deferred revenue/income                                     1,945,021        3,156,430
          Salaries and benefits payable                                                  1,902,119        2,082,972
          Payables for marketing events                                                  1,636,911        1,962,341
          Payables for R&D expenses                                                      2,318,679        1,924,269
          Advance from customers                                                           911,006          918,465
          Warranty liabilities                                                             709,288          652,633
          Accrued expenses                                                                 422,730          418,760
          Accrued costs on purchase commitments                                            521,443          336,656
          Current portion of payable to BaaS users                                                –         249,917
          Interest payables                                                                135,492           86,474
          Current portion of finance lease liabilities                                       25,311          13,498
          Other payables                                                                   582,605          595,662
          Total                                                                         15,556,354       16,041,079


          Accrued costs of loss on purchase commitments represents the unsettled amount the Group provided for
          purchase commitments specifically related to these vehicles, as a result of the planned products upgrade of
          certain existing vehicle models.


          Payable to BaaS users represents certain monthly subscription fee the Group agreed to compensate to BaaS
          users, if certain criteria are met. The Group accrued the payable to BaaS users against vehicle sales. Based
          on the payment schedule, payable to BaaS users due within the next 12 month is recorded as accruals and
          other liabilities.




366   NIO Inc.
                                    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                           (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




12. BORROWINGS
  Borrowings consist of the following:


                                                                                   December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                             2023                 2024

  Short-term borrowing:
    Bank loan (i)                                                                      4,783,000            4,490,000
    Other short-term financing arrangements (ii)                                          302,411           1,239,561
  Current portion of long-term borrowings:
    Current portion of convertible notes (iii)                                         3,286,640            2,706,285
    Current portion of long-term bank loan (iv)                                        1,144,420              639,180
    Current portion of other financing arrangements (ii)                                   26,204               52,157
    Current portion of asset-backed securities and notes (v)                              278,823                     –
  Long-term borrowings:
    Bank loan (iv)                                                                     1,198,380            2,965,490
    Convertible notes (iii)                                                           11,575,725            8,166,996
    Other financing arrangements (ii)                                                     268,756             308,269
  Total                                                                               22,864,359          20,567,938


  (i) Short-term bank loan

     As of December 31, 2023, the Group obtained short-term borrowings from several banks of
     RMB4,783,000 in aggregate. The annual interest rate of these borrowings is approximately 2.35% to
     2.95%.


     As of December 31, 2024, the Group obtained short-term borrowings from several banks of
     RMB4,490,000 in aggregate. The annual interest rate of these borrowings is approximately 2.10% to
     2.60%.


     The short-term borrowings contain covenants including, among others, limitation on liens, consolidation,
     merger, sale of the Group’s assets and certain financial measures which include upper limit of asset
     liability ratio. The Group was in compliance with all of the loan covenants as of December 31, 2023 and
     December 31, 2024. As of December 31, 2023 and 2024, certain of the Group’s short-term borrowings
     were guaranteed by the Company’s subsidiaries or pledged with short-term investments with the amount
     of RMB354,135 and nil, respectively.


  (ii) Other financing arrangements

     Other financing arrangements mainly consist of financial liabilities arising from sale and leaseback
     arrangements of certain vehicles and power swap station assets that the control of the underlying assets
     are not transferred from the Group (the seller-lessee) to the buyer-lessor.




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024         367
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      12. BORROWINGS (continued)
          (iii) Convertible notes

              2024 Notes

              In February 2019, the Group issued US$650,000 convertible senior notes and additional US$100,000
              senior notes (collectively the “2024 Notes”) to the Notes purchasers (the “Notes Offering”). The 2024
              Notes bears interest at a rate of 4.50% per year, payable semi-annually in arrears on February 1 and
              August 1 of each year, beginning on August 1, 2019. The 2024 Notes is convertible into the Company’s
              American Depositary Shares at the pre-agreed fixed conversion price at the discretion of the holders
              and will mature for repayment on February 1, 2024. Holders of the 2024 Notes are entitled to require
              the Company to repurchase all or part of the 2024 Notes in cash on February 1, 2022 or in the event of
              certain fundamental changes. In connection with the Notes Offering, the Company entered into capped
              call transactions with certain Notes purchasers and/or their respective affiliates and/or other financial
              institutions (the “Capped Call Option Counterparties”) and used a portion of the net proceeds of the
              Notes Offering to pay the cost of such transactions. In addition, the Company also entered into privately
              negotiated zero-strike call option transactions with certain Notes purchasers or their respective
              affiliates (the “Zero-Strike Call Option Counterparties”) and used a portion of the net proceeds of the
              Notes Offering to pay the aggregate premium under such transactions. The Company accounts for
              the 2024 Notes as a single instruments as a long-term debt. The debt issuance cost were recorded as
              reduction to the long-term debts and are amortized as interest expenses using the effective interest
              method. The value of the 2024 Notes are measured by the cash received. The cost for the capped call
              transactions have been recorded as deduction of additional paid-in capital within total shareholders’
              equity. The zero-strike call option was deemed as a prepaid forward to purchase the Company’s own
              shares and recognized as permanent equity at its fair value at inception as a reduction to additional paid
              in capital in the consolidated balance sheet. In November 2020, US$7 in aggregate principal amount of
              such Notes were converted, pursuant to which the Company issued 735 Class A ordinary shares to the
              holders of such Notes. The balance of the Notes converted were derecognized and recorded as ordinary
              shares and additional paid-in capital.


              On January 15, 2021, the Company entered into separate and individually privately negotiated
              agreements with certain holders of its outstanding 2024 Notes to exchange US$581,685 principal
              amount of the outstanding 2024 Notes for 62,192,017 ADSs with a conversion premium of US$56,359 (the
              “2024 Notes Exchanges”). In connection with the 2024 Notes Exchanges, the Company also entered into
              agreements with certain financial institutions to terminate a portion of the capped call transactions and
              Zero-Strike Call transactions with the amount corresponding to the portion of the principal amount of the
              2024 Notes that were exchanged. With above termination of the capped call transactions and Zero-Strike
              Call transactions, the Company received 16,402,643 treasury shares accordingly.




368   NIO Inc.
                                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                           (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




12. BORROWINGS (continued)
  (iii) Convertible notes (continued)

     2024 Notes (continued)

     For the 2024 Notes Exchanges, the 2024 Notes with carrying amount of US$578,902 were derecognised
     with a corresponding amount being recognised as share capital and additional paid-in capital. The
     conversion premium of US$56,359 was recorded as interest expenses according to ASC 470-20-40-16,
     which requires a reporting entity to recognize an expense equal to the fair value of the shares or
     other consideration issued to induce conversion, i.e., the excess of the fair value of all consideration
     transferred over the fair value of the securities transferred pursuant to the original conversion terms.
     For the terminations of the capped call transactions and Zero-Strike Call transactions, the amount
     of the purchase price of the capped call transactions and Zero-Strike Call transactions terminated of
     RMB1,849,600 that was previously recorded in the additional paid-in capital was reclassified to treasury
     stock.


     As of December 31, 2023, the carrying value of the remaining 2024 Notes with the amount of
     RMB1,165,244 was classified in current liabilities. On February 1, 2024, the Company repaid the then
     outstanding 2024 Notes in full upon the maturity of the 2024 Notes with carrying amount of US$164,520
     (RMB1,168,732). The Company also entered into agreements with certain financial institutions to
     terminate the capped call transactions and Zero-Strike Call transactions and received 13,404,825
     treasury shares accordingly. The amount of the purchase price of the capped call transactions and
     Zero-Strike Call transactions terminated of RMB709,490 that was previously recorded in the additional
     paid-in capital was reclassified to treasury stock.


     2026 and 2027 Notes

     In January 2021, the Group issued US$750,000 convertible senior Notes due 2026 (the “2026 Notes”)
     and US$750,000 convertible senior Notes due 2027 (the “2027 Notes”). The 2026 Notes bears no interest
     and the 2027 Notes bears interest at a rate of 0.50% per year, which is payable semiannually in arrears
     on February 1 and August 1 of each year, beginning on August 1, 2021. Holders may convert their 2026
     Notes at their option prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding August
     1, 2025, and holders may convert their 2027 Notes at their option prior to the close of business on the
     business day immediately preceding August 1, 2026. The initial conversion price is US$93.06 per ADS for
     the Notes, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments. Upon conversion, the Company will pay or
     deliver, as the case may be, cash, ADSs, or a combination of cash and ADSs, at the Company’s discretion.
     Holders of the 2026 Notes have the right to require the Company to repurchase in cash for all or part of
     their Notes on February 1, 2024 or in the event of certain fundamental changes at a repurchase price
     equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be repurchased. Holders of the 2027 Notes have
     the right to require the Company to repurchase in cash for all or part of their Notes on February 1, 2025
     or in the event of certain fundamental changes at a repurchase price equal to 100% of the principal
     amount of the Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest.




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024         369
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      12. BORROWINGS (continued)
          (iii) Convertible notes (continued)

              2026 and 2027 Notes (continued)

              The Company early adopted ASU 2020-06 which eliminates the cash conversion accounting models for
              2026 Notes and 2027 Notes. Accordingly, the principal amount of these Notes was reported as one single
              unit of account in long-term borrowings at its principal amount, net of debt issuance costs of US$26,340,
              on the basis of not electing fair value option for the Notes and no substantial premium to be offered. The
              Notes are subsequently measured at amortized cost with interest expenses accrued over the term of
              these Notes using the effective interest method.


              In 2022, the Group repurchased the aggregated portion of 2026 Notes with the carrying amount of
              US$190,962 (RMB1,317,106). In 2023, the Group repurchased the aggregated portion of 2026 Notes and
              2027 Notes with the carrying amount of US$253,762 (RMB1,801,685) and US$242,249 (RMB1,719,944),
              respectively. In February 2024, upon the exercise of repurchase prices by the holders of the 2026 Notes,
              the Group repurchased the portion of 2026 Notes with the aggregated carrying amount of US$298,689
              (RMB2,122,155).


              In November and December 2024, as separately negotiated, the Group settled certain 2027 Notes with a
              principal amount of $127,090 by delivering 27,690,071 Company’s ADSs and cancelled the same amount
              of treasury shares, with the exchange ratio ranged from 207.0 to 227.6 ADSs per $1,000 principal amount
              of the 2027 Notes. The Group did not receive any cash proceeds from the issuance of the ADSs upon
              exchange. The Group derecognized treasury stock of RMB2,214,029, with the difference of RMB1,311,200
              recorded in additional paid-in capital accordingly.


              As of December 31, 2024, the carrying amount of the remaining 2026 Notes and 2027 Notes were
              RMB6,534 and RMB2,706,285, respectively. As of December 31, 2024, the Company reclassified the
              carrying value of 2027 Notes with the amount of RMB2,706,285 in current liabilities to reflect the early
              redemption right by 2027 Notes holders on February 1, 2025.


              Subsequently in February 2025, upon the exercise of repurchase rights by the holders of the 2027 Notes,
              the Group repurchased the portion of 2027 Notes with the aggregated carrying amount of US$378,312
              (RMB2,712,412).




370   NIO Inc.
                                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                         (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




12. BORROWINGS (continued)
  (iii) Convertible notes (continued)

     2029 and 2030 Notes

     In September and October 2023, the Company issued US$575,000 convertible senior Notes due 2029 (the
     “2029 Notes”) and US$575,000 convertible senior Notes due 2030 (the “2030 Notes”). The 2029 Notes
     bears interest at a rate of 3.875% per year, payable semiannually in arrears on April 15 and October
     15 of each year, beginning on April 15, 2024. The 2030 Notes bears interest at a rate of 4.625% per
     year, payable semiannually in arrears on April 15 and October 15 of each year, beginning on April 15,
     2024. Holders may convert their 2029 Notes at their option prior to the close of business on the second
     scheduled trading day immediately preceding October 15, 2029, and holders may convert their 2030
     Notes at their option prior to the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately
     preceding October 15, 2030. The initial conversion price is US$11.12 per ADS for the Notes, subject to
     customary anti-dilution adjustments. Upon conversion, the Company will pay or deliver, as the case
     may be, cash, ADSs, or a combination of cash and ADSs, at the Company’s discretion. Holders of the
     2029 Notes have the right to require the Company to repurchase in cash for all or part of their Notes on
     October 15, 2027 or in the event of certain fundamental changes at a repurchase price equal to 100% of
     the principal amount of the Notes to be repurchased. Holders of the 2030 Notes have the right to require
     the Company to repurchase in cash for all or part of their Notes on October 15, 2028 or in the event of
     certain fundamental changes at a repurchase price equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes
     to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest.


     The Company accounted for 2029 Notes and 2030 Notes in accordance with ASU 2020-06 which
     eliminates the cash conversion accounting models. Accordingly, the principal amount of these Notes
     was reported as one single unit of account in long-term borrowings at its principal amount, net of
     debt issuance costs of US$17,855, on the basis of not electing fair value option for the Notes and no
     substantial premium to be offered. The Notes are subsequently measured at amortized cost with interest
     expenses accrued over the term of these Notes using the effective interest method. As of December 31,
     2023 and December 31, 2024, the carrying amount of the Notes were RMB8,023,401 and RMB8,160,462,
     respectively.




                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2024         371
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      12. BORROWINGS (continued)
          (iv) Long-term bank loan

                                                                                                  As of December 31, 2023                  As of December 31, 2024

                                                                                                             Current    Long-term                     Current    Long-term
                                                                                                             portion        portion                   portion        portion
                                                                                                         according to according to                according to according to
                                                                      Maturity/            Outstanding    repayment    repayment Outstanding       repayment     repayment
              Ref.   Date of borrowing   Lender/Banks                 Repayment date              loan      schedule     schedule          loan      schedule     schedule

              1      March 7, 2022       Bank of Beijing              March 6, 2024           147,000        147,000             –           –              –             –
              2      June 15, 2022       Bank of Shanghai             June 15, 2025           126,660         46,320        80,340      80,340         80,340             –
              3      June 22, 2022       Hang Seng Bank               June 22, 2024           120,000        120,000             –           –              –             –
              4      July 25, 2022       China Construction Bank      July 25, 2029              6,800           340         6,460       6,460          1,360          5,100
              5      July 26, 2022       Industrial and Commercial July 25, 2029               10,200            510         9,690       9,690          2,040          7,650
                                           Bank of China
              6      August 24, 2022     China Construction Bank      July 25, 2029            19,800            990        18,810      18,810          3,960         14,850
              7      January 19, 2023    China Construction Bank      July 25, 2029           313,400         15,670      297,730      297,730         62,680        235,050
              8      January 20, 2023    Industrial and Commercial July 25, 2029              499,800         24,990      474,810      474,810         99,960        374,850
                                           Bank of China
              9      February 24, 2023   Bank of Beijing              February 24, 2025       127,500         30,000        97,500           –              –             –
              10     March 31, 2023      Bank of Shanghai             April 30, 2024          650,000        650,000             –           –              –             –
              11     September 18, 2023 Bank of Shanghai              September 18, 2026      321,640        108,600      213,040      213,040        108,600        104,440
              12     March 18, 2024      China Construction Bank      January 15, 2031              –              –             –     637,010         29,900        607,110
              13     March 18, 2024      Industrial and Commercial January 15, 2031                 –              –             –     497,660         23,360        474,300
                                           Bank of China
              14     March 18, 2024      China Minsheng Bank          January 15, 2031              –              –             –     497,670         23,380        474,290
              15     March 18, 2024      Agricultural Bank of China   January 15, 2031              –              –             –     497,660         23,360        474,300
              16     April 12, 2024      Bank of Shanghai             January 11, 2027              –              –             –     145,550         72,600         72,950
              17     May 15, 2024        Bank of Shanghai             February 15, 2027             –              –             –     228,240        107,640        120,600

                     Total                                                                   2,342,800     1,144,420    1,198,380     3,604,670       639,180     2,965,490


              The long-term borrowings contain covenants including, among others, limitation on liens, consolidation,
              merger and sale of the Group’s assets and certain financial measures which includes liabilities to assets
              ratio. The Group was in compliance with all of the loan covenants as of December 31, 2023 and 2024.


              As of December 31, 2023, the Group had bank credit quotas with aggregated amount of RMB64,464,118
              which consists of non-collateral based bank credit quotas of RMB16,348,270 and collateral-based bank
              credit quotas of RMB48,115,848. Out of the total non-collateral bank credit quotas, RMB5,492,800,
              RMB1,201,226 and RMB250,000 were used for bank borrowing, issuance of letters of guarantee
              and bank’s acceptance notes, respectively. Out of the total collateral-based bank credit quotas,
              RMB2,588,913, RMB14,713,855 and nil were used for issuance of letters of guarantee, bank’s acceptance
              notes and letter of credit, respectively.




372   NIO Inc.
                                    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                            (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




12. BORROWINGS (continued)
  (iv) Long-term bank loan (continued)

     As of December 31, 2024, the Group had bank credit quotas with aggregated amount of RMB73,772,832
     which consists of non-collateral based bank credit quotas of RMB15,441,290 and collateral-based bank
     credit quotas of RMB58,331,542. Out of the total non-collateral bank credit quotas, RMB7,104,500,
     RMB2,537,005 and RMB330,000 were used for bank borrowing, issuance of letters of guarantee
     and bank’s acceptance notes, respectively. Out of the total collateral-based bank credit quotas,
     RMB2,058,607 and RMB16,658,660 were used for issuance of letters of guarantee and bank’s
     acceptance notes, respectively.


  (v) Asset-backed securities and notes

     The Group entered into several asset-backed securitization arrangements with third-party financial
     institutions and set up securitization vehicles to issue the senior debt securities and notes to third
     party investors, which are collateralized by the auto financing receivables (the “transferred financial
     assets”). The Group also acts as servicer to provide management, administration and collection services
     on the transferred financial assets. The Group consolidated the securitization vehicles when significant
     economic interests are retained in the form of subordinated interests. The proceeds from the issuance
     of debt securities and notes are reported as securitization debt. The securities and notes are due for
     repayment when collections on the underlying collateralized assets occur and the amounts are included
     in “Current portion of long-term borrowings” or “Long-term borrowings” according to the contractual
     maturities date of the debt securities and notes. As of December 31, 2023 and 2024, the balance of
     current portion of asset-backed securities and notes were RMB278,823 and nil, respectively, and there
     was no non-current portion of asset-backed securities and notes for December 31, 2023 and December
     31, 2024.


13. OTHER NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
  Other non-current liabilities consist of the following:


                                                                                    December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                              2023                 2024

  Warranty liabilities                                                                  3,202,936            4,068,079
  Deferred revenue                                                                      3,051,022            3,045,846
  Payable to BaaS users                                                                            –           779,695
  Deferred government grants                                                               323,980             391,116
  Non-current finance lease liabilities                                                     22,173               35,145
  Others                                                                                    63,694             308,715
  Total                                                                                 6,663,805            8,628,596


  Deferred government grants mainly consist of specific government subsidies for purchase of land use right
  and buildings, charging and battery swap equipment, which is amortized using the straight-line method as a
  deduction of the amortization or depreciation expense of the relevant assets over their remaining estimated
  useful life.




                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024         373
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      14. LEASES
          The Group has entered into various non-cancellable operating and finance lease agreements for certain
          offices, warehouses, retail and service locations, equipment and vehicles worldwide. The Group determines
          if an arrangement is a lease, or contains a lease, at inception and record the leases in the financial
          statements upon lease commencement, which is the date when the underlying asset is made available for
          use by the lessor.


          The balances for the operating and finance leases where the Group is the lessee are presented as follows
          within the consolidated balance sheet:


                                                                                   December 31,     December 31,
                                                                                            2023            2024

          Operating leases:
          Right-of-use assets – operating lease                                       11,404,116      12,797,158

          Current portion of operating lease liabilities                               1,743,156       1,945,987
          Non-current operating lease liabilities                                     10,070,057      11,260,735
          Total operating lease liabilities                                           11,813,213      13,206,722

          Finance leases:
          Right-of-use assets – finance lease                                             55,985           63,635

          Current portion of finance lease liabilities                                    25,311           13,498
          Non-current finance lease liabilities                                           22,173           35,145
          Total finance lease liabilities                                                 47,484           48,643


          The components of lease expenses were as follows:


                                                                                     Year Ended December 31,

                                                                                            2023            2024

          Lease cost:
          Amortization of right-of-use assets                                          1,529,464       1,825,182
          Interest of operating lease liabilities                                        566,703         573,031
          Expenses for short-term leases within 12 months and
            other non-lease component                                                    544,640         227,990
          Total lease cost                                                             2,640,807       2,626,203




374   NIO Inc.
                                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                           (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




14. LEASES (continued)
  Other information related to leases where the Group is the lessee is as follows:


                                                                                             As of                As of
                                                                                   December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                             2023                 2024

  Weighted-average remaining lease term:
    Operating leases                                                                   12.0 years          10.9 years
    Finance leases                                                                      4.4 years            5.5 years


  Weighted-average discount rate:
    Operating leases                                                                        4.92%               4.45%
    Finance leases                                                                          5.22%               4.14%


  Supplemental cash flow information related to leases where we are the lessee is as follows:


                                                                                         For the Year Ended
                                                                                             December 31,

                                                                                             2023                 2024

  Operating cash outflows from operating leases                                        2,220,978            2,385,552
  Operating cash outflows from finance leases (interest payments)                            2,122               2,208
  Financing cash outflows from finance leases                                              37,511               37,854
  Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities                       6,339,111            3,698,231




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024         375
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      14. LEASES (continued)
          As of December 31, 2023 and 2024, the maturities of our operating and finance lease liabilities (excluding
          short-term leases) are as follows:


                                                                          As of December 31,         As of December 31,
                                                                                 2023                       2024

                                                                         Operating      Finance     Operating      Finance
                                                                           Leases        Leases       Leases       Leases

          2024                                                           2,658,392       28,395            –              –
          2025                                                           1,949,316       11,342     2,531,918       16,993
          2026                                                           1,724,905       10,588     2,306,078       15,497
          2027                                                           1,449,608        8,899     1,899,976       13,352
          2028                                                           1,173,595        4,880     1,504,174        8,788
          2029                                                                   –             –    1,228,528        4,237
          Thereafter                                                     8,241,769        2,319     7,388,703        8,485
          Total minimum lease payments                                  17,197,585       66,423    16,859,377       67,352
          Less: Interest                                                (5,384,372)     (18,939)   (3,652,655)     (18,709)
          Present value of lease obligations                            11,813,213       47,484    13,206,722       48,643
          Less: Current portion                                         (1,743,156)     (25,311)   (1,945,987)     (13,498)
          Long-term portion of lease obligations                        10,070,057       22,173    11,260,735       35,145


          As of December 31, 2023 and 2024, the Group had future minimum lease payments for non-cancelable
          short-term operating leases of RMB537,432 and RMB497,773, respectively.




376   NIO Inc.
                                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                           (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




15. REVENUE
  Revenue by source consists of the following:


                                                                           Year Ended December 31,

                                                                         2022                2023                 2024

  Vehicle sales                                                  45,506,581           49,257,270          58,234,086
  Parts, accessories and after-sales vehicle services              1,228,385           2,337,490            3,324,321
  Provision of power solution                                      1,016,094           1,666,346            2,100,553
  Others                                                           1,517,501           2,356,827            2,072,599
  Total                                                          49,268,561           55,617,933          65,731,559


  For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2023 and 2024, revenue recognised at a point in time was
  RMB47,465,713, RMB52,943,443 and RMB62,271,688, respectively, and revenue recognised over time was
  RMB1,802,848, RMB2,674,490 and RMB3,459,871, respectively.


16. DEFERRED REVENUE/INCOME
  The following table shows a reconciliation in the current reporting period related to carried-forward deferred
  revenue/income.


                                                                           Year Ended December 31,

                                                                         2022                2023                 2024

  Deferred revenue/income-beginning of year                        2,197,766           3,561,890            4,996,043
  Additions                                                        2,483,462           3,138,343            3,263,495
  Recognition                                                     (1,124,186)          (1,705,134)         (2,055,119)
  Effects on foreign exchange adjustment                                4,848                  944              (2,143)
  Deferred revenue/income-end of year                              3,561,890           4,996,043            6,202,276


  Deferred revenue mainly includes the transaction price allocated to the performance obligations that are
  unsatisfied, or partially satisfied, which mainly arises from the vehicle connectivity services, the extended
  warranty services, battery swapping services as well as the points offered to customers, with unrecognized
  deferred revenue balance of RMB4,996,043 and RMB6,202,276 as of December 31, 2023 and 2024,
  respectively.


  The Group expects that approximately 51% of the transaction price allocated to unsatisfied performance
  obligation as at December 31, 2024 will be recognized as revenue during the period from January 1, 2025
  to December 31, 2025. The remaining 49% will be recognized during the period from January 1, 2026 to
  December 31, 2039.




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024         377
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      17. MANUFACTURING IN COLLABORATION WITH JAC
          Since 2016, the Group have been partnering with Jianghuai Automobile Group Ltd., or JAC, a major
          state-owned automobile manufacturer in China, for the joint manufacturing of the Group’s vehicles. JAC
          built the JAC-NIO manufacturing plant in Hefei, Anhui province, the first advanced manufacturing base,
          or the F1 Plant, for the production of the ES8, the ES6, the EC6, the ET7 and potentially the Group’s other
          vehicle models. Further, in September 2022, the Group entered into a manufacturing cooperation agreement
          with JAC, under which JAC will jointly manufacture the ET5 and potentially the Group’s other vehicle models
          in the second advanced manufacturing base, or the F2 Plant, in NeoPark, a smart electric vehicle industry
          park at Xinqiao, Hefei. The fees payable to JAC under the above agreements consist of the following: (i) asset
          depreciation and amortization with regard to the assets JAC invested and to invest for the manufacture of
          NIO models as actually incurred, payable monthly and subject to adjustment annually; (ii) vehicle production
          and processing fees recorded on per-vehicle basis, payable monthly and subject to adjustment annually; (iii)
          purchase amount of certain production materials; and (iv) relevant tax. In addition, the Group also agreed
          to pay certain compensation up to a capped amount for JAC’s investment in F1 Plant, including for the land,
          factory and equipment.


          In conjunction with the aforementioned manufacturing cooperation agreement, in December 2022, the
          Group and JAC entered into an Asset Transfer Agreement where the Group agreed to sell and JAC agreed to
          acquire certain production facilities (the “Transferred Assets”) with a total consideration of RMB1.7 billion
          inclusive of tax. As of December 31, 2022, JAC had accepted the Transferred Assets and assumed the legal
          title of the Transferred Assets. Considering that (1) the Transferred Assets are designated to be used for
          the manufacturing of the Group’s vehicle models only and do not have substantive alternative use; (2) all
          costs incurred in relation to the Transferred Assets, including depreciation and maintenance costs and
          relevant tax and surcharges, are undertaken by and charged to the Group; (3) the Group also has the right
          to obtain the economic benefits from all outputs of the Transferred Assets, management concluded that
          the Group still retained the control of the Transferred Assets and this transaction was a failed sale and
          leaseback transaction with no sales of the Transferred Assets recognized by the Group. The Transferred
          Assets continue to be accounted for as the Group’s property, plant and equipment subject to depreciation.
          The sales consideration from JAC will be recorded as a financing payable when the Group receives the
          cash. As of December 31, 2023, JAC had fully paid the consideration. In December 2023, pursuant to an
          asset transfer agreement with JAC, the Group agreed to purchase the Transferred Assets back at the
          consideration of RMB1.7 billion, inclusive of tax, and the consideration was paid in full by end of December
          2023. In December 2023, the Group also agreed to purchase the production facilities in F1 Plant from JAC
          at the consideration of RMB1.9 billion, inclusive of tax. As of December 31, 2023, both purchases of the
          Transferred Assets and F1 Plant have been consummated.


          Following above transaction, the Group ceased aforementioned manufacturing cooperation with JAC since
          early 2024 and the Group commenced independent manufacturing of all current vehicles models in the F1
          Plant and the F2 Plant.


          For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2023 and 2024, the aggregate fees to JAC under the above
          collaboration arrangement were RMB1,126,523, RMB1,318,524 and RMB179,375, respectively, and were
          included in cost of sales.




378   NIO Inc.
                                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                          (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




18. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT EXPENSES
  Research and development expenses consist of the following:


                                                                     For the Year Ended December 31,

                                                                        2022                2023                 2024

  Employee compensation                                           6,684,971           8,998,415            8,829,163
  Design and development expenses                                 3,276,915           3,019,403            2,561,769
  Depreciation and amortization expenses                            333,097              720,737             991,074
  Rental and related expenses                                       193,132              273,493             250,597
  Travel and entertainment expenses                                 111,531              135,891               82,955
  Others                                                            236,615              283,460             321,746
  Total                                                         10,836,261           13,431,399          13,037,304


19. SELLING, GENERAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES
  Selling, general and administrative expenses consist of the following:


                                                                     For the Year Ended December 31,

                                                                        2022                2023                 2024

  Employee compensation                                           4,532,553           5,929,888            7,405,828
  Marketing and promotional expenses                              1,775,539           2,642,531            3,408,931
  Rental and related expenses                                     1,336,575           1,683,929            1,930,423
  Professional services                                             944,160              550,011             561,284
  IT consumable, office supply and other low value
    consumable                                                      545,498              581,193             541,782
  Depreciation and amortization expenses                            484,363              672,669             882,860
  Other Taxes and Surcharges                                        285,076              290,456             409,690
  Travel and entertainment expenses                                 162,924              218,396             147,180
  Expected credit losses                                              48,707             (26,315)              (3,761)
  Others                                                            421,724              341,798             456,840
  Total                                                         10,537,119           12,884,556          15,741,057




                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024         379
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      20. REDEEMABLE NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS
          Investment in NIO China

          On April 29, 2020, the Company and certain of its subsidiaries entered into definitive agreements, as
          amended and supplemented in May and June 2020, for investments in NIO China, with a group of investors
          (collectively, the “Existing Strategic Investors”), pursuant to which, the Existing Strategic Investors agreed to
          invest an aggregate of RMB7.0 billion in cash into NIO China for its non-controlling interest. In June and July
          2020, the Group received RMB5.0 billion. On September 16, 2020, pursuant to a share transfer agreement,
          the Group repurchased 8.612% equity interests owned by one of the Existing Strategic Investors with the
          total consideration of RMB511,458, consisting of the actual capital investment plus accrued interest, and
          the Group assumed the remaining cash consideration obligation of RMB2.0 billion of the Existing Strategic
          Investors. In February 2021, the Group, purchased from two of the Existing Strategic Investors an aggregate
          of 3.305% equity interests in NIO China for a total consideration of RMB5.5 billion and subscribed for newly
          increased registered capital of NIO China at a subscription price of RMB10.0 billion. In September 2021, the
          Company repurchased 1.418% equity interests from the Existing strategic investors for a total consideration
          of RMB2.5 billion and recorded an amount of RMB2,023,534 in accretion on redeemable non-controlling
          interests to redemption value. As of December 31, 2023, the Company held 92.114% controlling equity
          interests in NIO China.


          Each of the Existing Strategic Investors has the right to request the Group to redeem their equity interests
          in NIO China at an agreed price in case of NIO China’s failure to submit the application for a qualified initial
          public offering in 48 months commencing from June 29, 2020, failure to complete a qualified initial public
          offering in 60 months commencing from June 29, 2020, or other events as set forth in the share purchase
          agreement. The agreed price is calculated based on each non-controlling shareholder’s cash investment
          to NIO China plus an annual interest rate of 8.5%. On March 30, 2024, the Company and certain of its
          subsidiaries entered into a shareholders agreement with the Existing Strategic Investors, which amended
          certain shareholders’ rights in NIO China, including the redemption rights. In particular, if NIO China fails to
          complete the listing application or to issue the material assets restructuring plan related to the qualified
          initial public offering before December 31, 2027, or fails to complete the qualified initial public offering
          before December 31, 2028, the Existing Strategic Investors may request the Company to redeem the equity
          interest in NIO China then held by them.


          As the redemption is at the holders’ option and is upon the occurrence of the events that are not solely
          within the control of the Company, these Existing Strategic Investors’ contributions in NIO China were
          classified as mezzanine equity and is subsequently accreted to the redemption price using the effective
          interest method with accretion recorded as a reduction of additional paid in capital.


          On September 29, 2024, pursuant to definitive investment agreements, a group of new investors (the “New
          Strategic Investors”) agreed to invest an aggregate of RMB3.3 billion in cash to subscribe for newly issued
          shares of NIO China. Concurrently, the Group agreed to invest an aggregate of RMB10 billion in cash to
          subscribe for newly issued shares of NIO China. Upon completion of this transaction, the Group will hold
          88.25% of controlling equity interest in NIO China, while the New Strategic Investors together with the
          Existing Strategic Investors will collectively hold the remaining 11.75% of equity interest in NIO China. As of
          December 31, 2024, the Group has completed its investment of RMB10 billion and the Company has received
          RMB2.8 billion from certain New Strategic Investors.



380   NIO Inc.
                                         NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                            (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




20. REDEEMABLE NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS (continued)
  Investment in NIO China (continued)

  Each of the New Strategic Investors has the right to request the Group to redeem their equity interests in
  NIO China at an agreed price in case of NIO China’s failure to complete the listing application or to issue
  the material assets restructuring plan related to the qualified initial public offering before December 31,
  2027, failure to complete a qualified initial public offering before December 31, 2028, or other events as
  set forth in the share purchase agreement. The agreed price is calculated based on each non-controlling
  shareholder’s cash investment to NIO China plus an annual interest rate of 7.5%, or the market value in the
  latest financing activities, if any.


  For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2023 and 2024, the Company recorded RMB279,355, RMB303,163
  and RMB329,939 of accretion on redeemable non-controlling interests to redemption value. As of
  December 31, 2023 and 2024, the balance of redeemable non-controlling interests was RMB3,860,384 and
  RMB6,985,787, respectively.


  Investment in PE CNHC

  On May 31, 2024, the Company and certain of its subsidiaries entered into definitive agreements for the
  investment in PE CNHC with an investor (the “PE Strategic Investor”), pursuant to which, the PE Strategic
  Investor agreed to invest an aggregate of RMB1.0 billion in cash into PE CNHC for its non-controlling
  interest, representing 10% equity interests in PE CNHC. In connection with this transaction, PE CNHC also
  issued warrants to PE Strategic Investor which entitle PE Strategic Investor the right, at its sole discretion,
  to purchase additional RMB0.5 billion equity interests of PE CNHC at the same price, before PE CNHC’s next
  round of financing (the “Warrants”). In June 2024, the Group received RMB0.5 billion. As of December 31,
  2024, the Company held 90.91% controlling equity interests in PE CNHC.


  The PE Strategic Investor has the right to request the Group to redeem their equity interests in PE CNHC at
  an agreed price after 60 months commencing from June 19, 2024, or other events as set forth in the share
  purchase agreement. The agreed price is calculated based on each non-controlling shareholder’s cash
  investment to PE CNHC plus an annual interest rate of 5%.


  As the redemption is at the holders’ option and is upon the occurrence of the events that are not solely
  within the control of the Company, the PE Strategic Investor’s contributions in PE CNHC were classified as
  mezzanine equity and is subsequently accreted to the redemption price using the effective interest method
  with accretion recorded as a reduction of additional paid in capital.


  For the Warrants, the Group classified the Warrants as financial liabilities under ASC 480, as the Warrants
  conditionally obligated the Group to ultimately transfer assets. The proceeds received by PE CNHC from PE
  Strategic Investor’s investment were allocated first to the warrant liabilities based on their fair value and the
  residual was allocated to the mezzanine equity.


  For the year ended December 31, 2024, the Group recorded an accretion of RMB17,577 on redeemable
  non-controlling interests to redemption value. As of December 31, 2024, the balance of redeemable
  non-controlling interests and the warrant liabilities was RMB456,210 and RMB53,416 respectively. There
  was no significant change to the fair value of warrant liabilities compared with initial recognition based on
  the Group’s fair value assessment.

                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024         381
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      21. ORDINARY SHARES
          Upon inception, each ordinary share was issued at a par value of US$0.00025 per share. Various numbers
          of ordinary shares have been issued to share-based compensation award recipients since inception. Each
          Class A ordinary share shall entitle the holder thereof to one (1) vote on all matters subject to vote at general
          meetings of the Company, each Class B ordinary share shall entitle the holder thereof to four (4) votes on all
          matters subject to vote at general meetings of the Company, and each Class C ordinary share shall entitle
          the holder thereof to eight (8) votes on all matters subject to vote at general meetings of the Company.


          Each Class C ordinary share is convertible into one Class A ordinary share, whereas Class A ordinary shares
          are not convertible into Class C ordinary shares under any circumstances. Upon any transfer of Class C
          ordinary shares by a holder thereof to any person or entity which is not an affiliate of such holder, such Class
          C ordinary shares are automatically and immediately converted into the equal number of Class A ordinary
          shares.


          As of December 31, 2023 and 2024, the authorized share capital of the Company is US$1,000 divided into
          4,000,000,000 shares, comprising of: 2,632,030,222 Class A Ordinary Shares, nil Class B Ordinary Shares
          and 148,500,000 Class C Ordinary Shares, each at a par value of US$0.00025 per share, and 1,219,469,778
          shares of a par value of US$0.00025 each of such class or classes as the board of directors may determine.


          In 2020, the Company consummated the follow-on offerings of a total of 82,800,000, 101,775,000 and
          78,200,000 American depositary shares (the “ADSs”) at a price of US$5.95, US$17.00 and US$39.00 per ADS,
          respectively.


          In 2021, the Company completed the issuance of 53,292,401 ADSs with net proceeds of RMB12,677,554
          (US$1,974,000) through an at-the-market offering.


          In 2023, the Company completed a US$2,943.5 million strategic equity investment from CYVN Investments
          RSC Ltd, an affiliate of CYVN Holdings L.L.C., an investment vehicle majority owned by the Abu Dhabi
          Government (collectively referred to as “CYVN Entities”) which subscribed 378,695,543 newly issued Class A
          ordinary shares from the Company.


          Upon the Company’s listing of Class A ordinary shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, all of the
          Company’s Class B ordinary shares were converted to Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the conversion
          notice delivered by the relevant shareholders. The shareholding structure of Class B ordinary shares and
          provisions related to Class B ordinary shares have been removed in the Company’s amended and restated
          memorandum and articles of association, as approved by the Company’s shareholders at the annual general
          meeting held at August 25, 2022.


          In May 2024, the Company participated as a lender in the borrowing and lending program (the “Share
          Lending Arrangement”) initiated by the Singapore Exchange Securities Trading Limited (the “SGX”), by
          agreeing to lend up to 2,000,000 of the Company’s Class A ordinary shares to The Central Depositary (Pte)
          Limited (“CDP”).




382   NIO Inc.
                                    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                              (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




21. ORDINARY SHARES (continued)
  There was no fixed lending period. Both the Company and CDP can terminate the share lending by issuing
  termination notification. The Company did not receive any proceeds from entering into this Share Lending
  Arrangement and was entitled to receive lending fee during the lending period. Upon the termination of
  share lending, CDP is required to re-deliver loaned shares to the Company within the re-delivery period, with
  no option for paying cash as the settlement.


  In accordance with ASC 815-40, the Company has accounted for the Share Lending Arrangement as equity
  instrument. Shares lent under the arrangement were issued out of treasury stock, and concurrently the
  Company recognized a right to receive returned shares from CDP as a debit to additional paid-in-capital,
  measured based on the fair value of shares issued. No subsequent remeasurement is required for this
  equity classified right to receive shares, which would be transferred to treasury stock when shares are
  returned. The lending fee received from the Share Lending Arrangement is recognized as capital contribution
  upon receipt.


  As of December 31, 2024, the total amount released from treasury shares to additional paid-in paid was
  RMB105.7 million and the lending fee received during the lending period was immaterial.


  In November and December 2024, the Company issued 27,690,071 ADSs to exchange the convertible notes
  as disclosed in Note 12 (iii) through treasury shares.


  As of December 31, 2023 and 2024, 4,000,000,000 ordinary shares were authorized, 2,073,522,118
  shares and 2,094,978,828 shares were issued, and 2,055,461,094 shares and 2,091,505,895 shares were
  outstanding, respectively. The share number excludes 32,822,395 Class A Ordinary Shares issued to the
  depositary bank for bulk issuance of ADSs reserved for future issuance upon the exercise or vesting of
  awards granted under the Company’s share incentive plans.


22. NON-CONTROLLING INTEREST
  Investment in NIO AI Technology

  In March 2021, the Group established a subsidiary named NIO AI Technology by subscribing its ordinary
  shares with equity interests of 51% and the remaining interests held by an employee of the Group. In August
  2022, the Group subscribed a certain number of Series Seed Preferred Shares issued by NIO AI Technology.
  Upon the completion of this transaction, the Group held 96.97% equity interests in NIO AI Technology and
  continued to control NIO AI Technology. The Group accounted for the change of equity interests in NIO AI
  as an equity transaction by adjusting the carrying value of the non-controlling interests and the Group’s
  additional paid-in capital with an amount of RMB184,085.


  Also refer to Note 9 (ii) for the investment in the equity securities using fair value option.




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024         383
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      23. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION
          Compensation expenses recognized for share-based awards granted by the Company were as follows:


                                                                              For the Year Ended December 31,

                                                                                2022             2023              2024

          Cost of sales                                                       66,914            83,972           71,779
          Research and development expenses                                1,323,370        1,517,206         1,296,136
          Selling, general and administrative expenses                       905,612          767,863           560,597
          Total                                                            2,295,896        2,369,041         1,928,512


          There was no income tax benefit recognized in the consolidated statements of comprehensive loss for
          share-based compensation expenses and the Group did not capitalize any of the share-based compensation
          expenses as part of the cost of any assets in the years ended December 31, 2022, 2023 and 2024.


          (a) NIO Incentive Plans

              In 2015, the Company adopted the 2015 Stock Incentive Plan (the “2015 Plan”), which allows the plan
              administrator to grant share options and restricted shares of the Company to its employees, directors,
              and consultants.


              The Company granted both share options and restricted shares to the employees. In 2016, 2017, 2018
              and 2024, the Board of Directors further approved the 2016 Stock Incentive Plan (the “2016 Plan”), the
              2017 Stock Incentive Plan (the “2017 Plan”), the 2018 Stock Incentive Plan (the “2018 Plan”) and the 2024
              Stock Incentive Plan (the “2024 Plan”), which provide for share options and restricted shares. The share
              options and the restricted shares vest immediately or over a period of one to five years of continuous
              service and achieved performance target and the stock options are exercisable over a maximum period of
              10 years.


              The Group recognized the share options and restricted shares of the Company granted to the employees
              of the Group on a straight-line basis over the vesting term of the awards, net of estimated forfeitures.




384   NIO Inc.
                                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                       (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




23. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (continued)
  (a) NIO Incentive Plans (continued)

     (i) Share Options

        The following table summarizes activities of the Company’s share options under the 2016, 2017 and
        2018 Plans for the year ended December 31, 2024:


                                                                                      Weighted
                                                                    Weighted            Average
                                                   Number of          Average        Remaining         Aggregate
                                                     Options         Exercise      Contractual           Intrinsic
                                                 Outstanding             Price               Life            Value

                                                                           US$          In Years               US$

        Outstanding as of December 31, 2023       62,619,412               3.48              3.56         423,637
          Granted                                   1,397,000              2.39                 –                 –
          Exercised                                (7,102,713)             2.26                 –                 –
          Cancelled                                (4,352,527)             2.65                 –                 –
          Expired                                    (500,523)           17.83                  –                 –
        Outstanding as of December 31, 2024       52,060,649               3.55              2.60         100,420
        Vested and expected to vest as of
          December 31, 2024                       52,014,026               3.55              2.61         100,329
        Exercisable as of December 31, 2024       50,556,678               3.57              2.54           97,491


        The aggregate intrinsic value in the table above represents the aggregate difference between the
        Company’s closing stock price on the last trading day of the period and the exercise price for the
        underlying awards.


        The total intrinsic value of options exercised during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2023 and
        2024 were RMB507,235, RMB279,327 and RMB145,022, respectively.




                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2024         385
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      23. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (continued)
          (a) NIO Incentive Plans (continued)

              (i) Share Options (continued)

                  The weighted-average grant date fair value for options granted under the Company’s 2016, 2017 and
                  2018 Plans during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2023 and 2024 was US$19.27, US$6.66 and
                  US$3.64, respectively, computed using the binomial option pricing model with the assumptions (or
                  ranges thereof) in the following table:


                                                                                   For the Year Ended December 31,

                                                                        2022                    2023                         2024

                  Exercise price (US$)                        2.39        –    19.91     2.39     –       2.39        2.39     –     2.39
                  Fair value of the ordinary shares
                    on the date of option grant (US$)        10.34        –    19.61     8.51     –       8.51        5.48     –     5.48
                  Risk-free interest rate                   2.50%         –    2.56%    3.70%     –     3.70%        4.14%     –    4.14%
                  Exercise multiple                                             2.5x                      2.5x                       2.5x
                  Expected dividend yield                                        0%                        0%                         0%
                  Expected volatility                                           56%                      57%                         62%
                  Expected forfeiture rate (post-vesting)                      1.5%                      1.8%                       6.1%


                  Risk-free interest rate is estimated based on the yield curve of US Sovereign Bond as of the option
                  valuation date. The expected volatility at the grant date and each option valuation date is estimated
                  based on annualized standard deviation of daily stock price return of comparable companies with a
                  time horizon close to the expected expiry of the term of the options. The Company has never declared
                  or paid any cash dividends on its capital stock, and the Group does not anticipate any dividend
                  payments in the foreseeable future. Expected term is the contract life of the options.


                  As of December 31, 2024, there was RMB1,599 of unrecognized compensation expenses related to the
                  stock options granted to the employees, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average
                  period of 0.01 years.




386   NIO Inc.
                                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                           (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




23. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (continued)
  (a) NIO Incentive Plans (continued)

     (ii) Restricted shares

        The fair value of each restricted share granted with service conditions is estimated based on the fair
        market value of the underlying ordinary shares of the Company on the date of grant.


        The following table summarizes activities of the Company’s restricted shares under the 2016, 2017,
        2018 and 2024 Plan for the year ended December 31, 2024:


                                                                                      Number of             Weighted
                                                                                      Restricted              Average
                                                                                           Shares         Grant Date
                                                                                    Outstanding            Fair Value

                                                                                                                   US$

        Unvested at December 31, 2023                                                 56,063,898                 16.16
          Granted                                                                     30,915,465                   4.94
          Vested                                                                     (14,353,997)                19.84
          Forfeited                                                                  (10,772,623)                12.66

        Unvested at December 31, 2024                                                 61,852,743                 10.96


        As of December 31, 2024, there was RMB3,266,466 of unrecognized compensation expenses
        related to restricted shares granted to the employees, which is expected to be recognized over a
        weighted-average period of 2.81 years.


  (b) Share-based compensation of subsidiaries

     In November 2021, a subsidiary of the Company (“Subsidiary A”) adopted the 2021 Share Incentive Plan
     (the “A Plan”) which allows Subsidiary A to grant share options to its employees.


     Under the A plan, the share options have a contractual term of ten years from the grant date, and vest
     over a period of four years of continuous service, one fourth (1/4) of which vest upon the first anniversary
     of the stated vesting commencement date and the remaining vest ratably over the following 36 months.


     Before the completion of Subsidiary A’s possible future initial public offering and listing, its employees
     are entitled to convert the vested share options to the Class A ordinary shares of the Company at a fixed
     conversion rate. The corresponding share options will be cancelled if the conversion right is exercised.




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024         387
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      23. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION (continued)
          (b) Share-based compensation of subsidiaries (continued)

              The following table summarizes activities of A Plan for the year ended December 31, 2024:


                                                                                                    Weighted
                                                                                       Weighted      Average
                                                                         Number of      Average    Remaining       Aggregate
                                                                            Options    Exercise   Contractual       Intrinsic
                                                                        Outstanding       Price          Life          Value

                                                                                           US$       In Years           US$

              Outstanding as of December 31, 2023                        29,004,500     0.00001          7.87         43,526
                 Granted                                                 20,715,502     0.00001            –               –
                 Exercised                                               (4,651,285)         –             –               –
                 Forfeited                                               (1,974,188)         –             –               –
              Outstanding as of December 31, 2024                        43,094,529     0.00001          8.09         47,950


              For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2023 and 2024, the weighted average grant date fair values of
              options granted were US$1.12, US$1.10 and US$1.10 per share, respectively. The estimated fair value of
              each option granted is estimated on the date of grant using the binominal option-pricing model with the
              assumptions (or ranges thereof) in the following table:


                                                                                                        For the Year Ended
                                                                                                                December 31,
                                                                                                       2022, 2023 and 2024

              Fair value of the ordinary shares on the date of option grant (US$)                                  1.00-1.01
              Risk-free interest rate                                                                                 1.58%
              Expected term (in years)                                                                                    10
              Expected dividend yield                                                                                    0%
              Expected volatility                                                                                       52%
              Expected forfeiture rate (post-vesting)                                                                    2%

              As of December 31, 2024, there was RMB259,285 of unrecognized share-based compensation
              expenses related to the share options granted. The expenses were expected to be recognized over a
              weighted-average period of 2.05 years.




388   NIO Inc.
                                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                           (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




24. TAXATION
  (a) Income taxes

     Cayman Islands

     The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands and conducts most of its business through its
     subsidiaries located in Mainland China, Hong Kong, United States, United Kingdom, Germany, Norway
     and Netherlands. Under the current laws of the Cayman Islands, the Company is not subject to tax on
     either income or capital gain. Additionally, upon payments of dividends to the shareholders, no Cayman
     Islands withholding tax will be imposed.


     PRC

     Effective January 1, 2008, the Enterprise Income Tax Law (the “EIT Law”) in China unifies the enterprise
     income tax rate for the entities incorporated in China at 25%, unless they are eligible for preferential tax
     treatment, which will be granted to companies conducting businesses in certain encouraged sectors. NIO
     R&D, the Company’s subsidiary engaging in design and technology development activities, was qualified
     as a “high and new technology enterprise” (“HNTE”) for the fiscal years from 2022 to 2024, which entitled
     the entity a preferential tax rate of 15%. The qualification as HNTE is subject to self-evaluation, and
     the relevant documents should be retained for future examination purpose. Upon the expiration of
     qualification, re-accreditation of certification from the relevant authorities is necessary for the entities
     to continue enjoying the preferential tax treatment. The remaining Chinese companies are subject to
     enterprise income tax (“EIT”) at a uniform rate of 25%.


     Under the EIT Law enacted by the National People’s Congress of PRC on March 16, 2007 and its
     implementation rules which became effective on January 1, 2008, dividends generated after January
     1, 2008 and payable by a foreign investment enterprise in the PRC to its foreign investors who are
     non-resident enterprises are subject to a 10% withholding tax, unless any such foreign investor’s
     jurisdiction of incorporation has a tax treaty with the PRC that provides for a different withholding
     arrangement. Under the taxation arrangement between the PRC and Hong Kong, a qualified Hong Kong
     tax resident which is the “beneficial owner” and directly holds 25% or more of the equity interest in a PRC
     resident enterprise is entitled to a reduced withholding tax rate of 5%. The Cayman Islands, where the
     Company was incorporated, does not have a tax treaty with PRC.




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024         389
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      24. TAXATION (continued)
          (a) Income taxes (continued)

              PRC (continued)

              The EIT Law also provides that an enterprise established under the laws of a foreign country or region
              but whose “de facto management body” is located in the PRC be treated as a resident enterprise for PRC
              tax purposes and consequently be subject to the PRC income tax at the rate of 25% for its global income.
              The Implementing Rules of the EIT Law merely define the location of the “de facto management body” as
              “the place where the exercising, in substance, of the overall management and control of the production
              and business operation, personnel, accounting, properties, etc., of a non-PRC company is located.”
              Based on a review of surrounding facts and circumstances, the Group does not believe that it is likely
              that its operations outside of the PRC will be considered a resident enterprise for PRC tax purposes.
              However, due to limited guidance and implementation history of the EIT Law, there is uncertainty as
              to the application of the EIT Law. Should the Company be treated as a resident enterprise for PRC tax
              purposes, the Company will be subject to PRC income tax on worldwide income at a uniform tax rate of
              25%.


              According to relevant laws and regulations promulgated by the State Administration of Tax of the PRC
              effective from 2023 onwards, enterprises engaging in research and development activities are entitled
              to claim 200% of their qualified research and development expenses so incurred as tax deductible
              expenses when determining their assessable profits for the year (‘Super Deduction’). The additional
              deduction of 100% of qualified research and development expenses can only be claimed directly in the
              annual EIT filing and subject to the approval from the relevant tax authorities.


              Hong Kong

              Under the current Hong Kong Inland Revenue Ordinance, the subsidiaries of the Group incorporated in
              Hong Kong are subject to 8.25% profit tax on the first HKD2,000 taxable income and 16.5% profit tax
              on the remaining taxable income generated from operations in Hong Kong. Additionally, payments of
              dividends by the subsidiaries incorporated in Hong Kong to the Company are not subject to any Hong
              Kong withholding tax.




390   NIO Inc.
                                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                         (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




24. TAXATION (continued)
  (a) Income taxes (continued)

     Other Countries

     The statutory income tax rates of other countries where the Company’s subsidiaries having significant
     operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2023 and 2024 are as follows:


                                                                    For the Year Ended December 31,

                                                                       2022                2023                 2024

     United States                                                  29.84%              29.84%               29.84%
     United Kingdom                                                 19.00%              19.00%               19.00%
     Germany                                                        32.98%              32.98%               32.98%
     Norway                                                         22.00%              22.00%               22.00%
     Netherlands                                                    25.80%              25.80%               25.80%


     Composition of income tax expense for the periods presented are as follows:


                                                                    For the Year Ended December 31,

                                                                       2022                2023                 2024

     Current income tax expense                                      62,348              59,943               62,065
     Deferred income tax (benefit)/expense                           (7,245)            200,892              (84,880)
     Total                                                           55,103             260,835              (22,815)




                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2024         391
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      24. TAXATION (continued)
          (a) Income taxes (continued)

              Other Countries (continued)

              Reconciliations of the income tax expense computed by applying the PRC statutory income tax rate of
              25% to the Group’s income tax expense of the years presented are as follows:


                                                                            For the Year Ended December 31,

                                                                              2022               2023          2024

              Loss before income tax expense                            (14,382,001)    (20,458,918)    (22,424,524)
              Income tax benefit computed at PRC statutory
                 income tax rate of 25%                                  (3,595,500)     (5,114,730)     (5,606,131)
              Non-deductible expenses                                       23,484            58,852          25,426
              Foreign tax rates differential                               395,543           481,318        621,111
              Additional 100%/75% tax deduction for qualified
                 research and development expenses                        (750,736)      (1,432,723)     (1,745,145)
              FDII Deduction                                                (10,356)               –               –
              Tax exempted interest income                                   (8,847)         (25,017)        (40,535)
              US tax credits                                                (45,446)         (36,746)        (22,657)
              Prior year True-ups                                          110,581           242,392        321,080
              Effect of tax rate change                                    490,855                 –               –
              Others                                                         (5,154)              316             17
              Change in valuation allowance                              3,450,679        6,087,173       6,424,019
              Income tax expense/(benefit)                                  55,103           260,835         (22,815)


              The PRC statutory income tax rate was used because the majority of the Group’s operations are based in
              PRC.


          (b) Deferred tax

              The Group considers positive and negative evidence to determine whether some portion or all of the
              deferred tax assets will be more-likely-than-not realized. This assessment primarily considers the
              nature, frequency and extent of the losses incurred and other historical objective evidences, as well as
              the considerations of forecasts of future profitability. These assumptions require significant judgment
              on the forecasts of future taxable income. The PRC statutory income tax rate of 25% or applicable
              preferential income tax rates were applied when calculating deferred tax assets.




392   NIO Inc.
                                    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                              (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




24. TAXATION (continued)
  (b) Deferred tax (continued)

     The Group’s deferred tax assets and liabilities consist of the following components:


                                                                                      As of December 31,

                                                                                 2022              2023              2024

     Deferred tax assets
     Net operating loss carry-forwards                                     9,711,744       14,850,298        21,278,950
     Deferred revenue                                                        940,633         1,241,114         1,487,912
     Accrued and prepaid expenses                                          1,666,519         1,635,032         1,246,887
     Tax credit carry-forwards                                               301,437           347,340           384,960
     Property, plant and equipment, net                                              –         158,609           203,847
     Deferred rent                                                             29,731            80,240          112,041
     Share-based compensation                                                   6,951            19,846            76,708
     Write-downs of inventory                                                     452            47,733            28,007
     Allowance against receivables                                             27,386            28,435            27,495
     Intangible assets                                                         89,328            59,375            27,478
     Unrealized financing expense                                              33,140            64,870            23,148
     Unrealized foreign exchange loss                                           1,704             2,364             2,362
     Equity securities without readily determinable fair value                       –              953               953
     Equity securities with readily determinable fair value                       150               717               942
     Equity method investments                                                       –                75              329
     Advertising expenses in excess of deduction limit                            188                 33              123
     Others                                                                     4,224             3,464             2,901
     Less: Valuation allowance                                           (12,727,355)      (18,538,828)     (24,902,819)
     Subtotal                                                                  86,232             1,670             2,223
     Deferred tax liabilities
     Equity securities without readily determinable fair value                 (6,435)                 –                 –
     Equity method investments                                                 (5,170)           (7,283)          (12,367)
     Available for sale debt investment                                     (206,734)                  –                 –
     Equity securities using fair value option                                       –        (206,734)         (117,323)
     Property, plant and equipment, net                                       (86,082)                 –                 –
     Subtotal                                                               (304,421)         (214,017)         (129,690)
     Total deferred tax liabilities, net                                    (218,189)         (212,347)         (127,467)




                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024         393
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      24. TAXATION (continued)
          (b) Deferred tax (continued)

              Full valuation allowances have been provided where, based on all available evidence, management
              determined that deferred tax assets are not more likely than not to be realizable in future tax years.
              Movement of valuation allowance is as follow:


                                                                                    As of December 31,

                                                                               2022             2023             2024

              Valuation allowance
              Balance at beginning of the year                            9,216,725       12,727,355       18,538,828
              Additions                                                   3,510,630        5,811,473        6,363,991
              Balance at end of the year                                 12,727,355       18,538,828       24,902,819


              The Group has tax losses arising in Mainland China of RMB81,726,481 that will expire in one to ten years
              for deduction against future taxable profit.


              Loss expiring in 2025                                                                         3,704,156
              Loss expiring in 2026                                                                         2,368,899
              Loss expiring in 2027                                                                         9,081,387
              Loss expiring in 2028                                                                        15,732,060
              Loss expiring in 2029                                                                        19,284,357
              Loss expiring in 2030                                                                           156,199
              Loss expiring in 2031                                                                         4,833,296
              Loss expiring in 2032                                                                         7,153,295
              Loss expiring in 2033                                                                        12,437,801
              Loss expiring in 2034                                                                         6,975,031
              Total                                                                                        81,726,481


              The Group has tax losses arising in Hong Kong of RMB3,315,437 for which could be carried forward
              indefinitely against future taxable income. The Group has tax losses arising in United States of
              RMB4,388, RMB602,262 and RMB1,927,128 that will expire in 2036, 2037 and indefinite years
              respectively for deduction against future taxable income. The Group has tax losses arising in Europe
              of RMB2,956,478 for which could be carried forward indefinitely against future taxable income. As of
              December 31, 2023 and 2024, the Group provided full valuation allowances for the above net operating
              loss carry-forwards.


              Uncertain Tax Position

              The Group did not identify any significant unrecognized tax benefits for each of the periods presented.
              The Group did not incur any interest related to unrecognized tax benefits, did not recognize any penalties
              as income tax expense and also does not anticipate any significant change in unrecognized tax benefits
              within 12 months from December 31, 2024.




394   NIO Inc.
                                    NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                           (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




24. TAXATION (continued)
  (b) Deferred tax (continued)

     Tax years subject to examination by major jurisdictions

     In general, the PRC tax authorities have up to five years to review a company’s tax filings. Accordingly, tax
     filings of the Company’s PRC subsidiaries and VIEs for tax years 2020 through 2024 remain subject to the
     review by the relevant PRC tax authorities.


25. LOSS PER SHARE
  Basic loss per share and diluted loss per share have been calculated in accordance with ASC 260 on
  computation of earnings per share for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2023 and 2024 as follows:


                                                                      For the Year Ended December 31,

                                                                         2022                2023                 2024

  Numerator:
  Net loss                                                       (14,437,104)        (20,719,753)        (22,401,709)
  Accretion on redeemable non-controlling
    interests to redemption value                                   (279,355)            (303,163)           (347,516)
  Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests                 157,014             (124,051)              91,533
  Net loss attributable to ordinary shareholders of
    NIO Inc. for basic/dilutive net loss per share               (14,559,445)        (21,146,967)        (22,657,692)

  Denominator:
  Weighted-average number of ordinary shares
    outstanding – basic and diluted                           1,636,999,280       1,700,203,886       2,054,614,522
  Basic and diluted net loss per share attributable to
    ordinary shareholders of NIO Inc.                                    (8.89)             (12.44)             (11.03)


  For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2023 and 2024, the Company had potential ordinary shares,
  including non-vested restricted shares, option granted and convertible notes. As the Group incurred losses
  for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2023 and 2024, these potential ordinary shares were anti-dilutive
  and excluded from the calculation of diluted net loss per share of the Company. The weighted average
  numbers of these potential ordinary shares outstanding are as following:


                                                                      For the Year Ended December 31,

                                                                         2022                2023                 2024

  Restricted shares                                                4,051,753                      –                   –
  Outstanding weighted average options granted                   55,132,378           43,876,236          27,077,944
  Convertible notes                                              37,671,003           57,008,080         110,731,276
  Total                                                          96,855,134         100,884,316          137,809,220




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024         395
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      26. RELATED PARTY BALANCES AND TRANSACTIONS
          The principal related parties with which the Group had transactions during the years presented are as
          follows:


          Name of Entity or Individual                                  Relationship with the Company

          Kunshan Siwopu Intelligent Equipment Co., Ltd.                An investee of the Group
          Nanjing Weibang Transmission Technology Co., Ltd.             An investee of the Group
          Wuhan Weineng Battery Assets Co., Ltd. and                    An investee of the Group
            its subsidiary
          Xunjie Energy (Wuhan) Co., Ltd.                               An investee of the Group
          Jianglai Advanced Manufacturing Technology (Anhui)            An investee of the Group
            Co., Ltd.
          Blue Horizon Limited and its subsidiaries                     An investee of the Group
          Shanghai VTA Technology Co., Ltd.                             An investee of the Group
          Beijing WeLion New Energy Technology Co., Ltd.                An investee of the Group
          Hefei Chuang Wei Information Consultation Co., Ltd.           Controlled by Principal Shareholder
          Huang River Investment Limited                                Controlled by Principal Shareholder
          Tianjin Tengyi Information Technology Co., Ltd.               Controlled by Principal Shareholder
            (formerly known as Tianjin Boyou Information
            Technology Co., Ltd.)
          Forseven Limited and its affiliate                            Controlled by Principal Shareholder
          Beijing Weixu Business Consulting Co., Ltd                    Significantly influenced by Principal Shareholder
          Zhejiang Weilai Xinneng Private Equity                        Significantly influenced by Principal Shareholder
            Management Co., Ltd.（formerly known as Ningbo
            Meishan Free Trade Port Weilai Xinneng Investment
            Management Co., Ltd.）
          Shanghai Weishang Business Consulting Co., Ltd.               Significantly influenced by Principal Shareholder




396   NIO Inc.
                                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                          (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




26. RELATED PARTY BALANCES AND TRANSACTIONS (continued)
  (a) The Group entered into the following significant related party transactions:

     (i) Provision of service

        For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2023 and 2024, service income was primarily generated from
        property management, administrative support, research and development services and BaaS battery
        buy-out services the Group provided to its related parties.


                                                                      For the Year Ended December 31,

                                                                        2022                2023                 2024

        Forseven Limited and its affiliate                                  –                    –           201,063
        Wuhan Weineng Battery Assets Co., Ltd. and
          its subsidiary                                              120,967            166,027             101,381
        Blue Horizon Limited and its subsidiaries                           –                    –              3,017
        Nanjing Weibang Transmission Technology
          Co., Ltd.                                                     1,683               1,153               1,067
        Beijing Weixu Business Consulting Co., Ltd.                        37                    –                   –
        Total                                                         122,687            167,180             306,528


     (ii) Purchase of service

                                                                      For the Year Ended December 31,

                                                                        2022                2023                 2024

        Jianglai Advanced Manufacturing Technology
          (Anhui) Co., Ltd.                                           107,144            184,279               92,549
        Beijing WeLion New Energy Technology Co., Ltd.                      –             34,016               21,603
        Wuhan Weineng Battery Assets Co., Ltd. and
          its subsidiary                                                8,508             23,878               17,594
        Tianjin Tengyi Information Technology Co., Ltd.                 8,984               7,823              15,031
        Kunshan Siwopu Intelligent Equipment Co., Ltd.                 13,956                    –              5,738
        Xunjie Energy (Wuhan) Co., Ltd.                                 3,735                    –              1,225
        Shanghai VTA Technology Co., Ltd.                                   –                    –                  59
        Zhejiang Weilai Xinneng Private Equity
          Management Co., Ltd.                                          3,015                    –                   –
        Total                                                         145,342            249,996             153,799




                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024         397
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      26. RELATED PARTY BALANCES AND TRANSACTIONS (continued)
          (a) The Group entered into the following significant related party transactions: (continued)

              (iii) Purchase of raw material or property, plant and equipment

                                                                            For the Year Ended December 31,

                                                                                2022          2023             2024

                  Kunshan Siwopu Intelligent Equipment Co., Ltd.           728,096       1,062,521            86,985
                  Nanjing Weibang Transmission Technology
                    Co., Ltd.                                              248,604           73,071           85,938
                  Beijing WeLion New Energy Technology Co., Ltd.                   –              –           48,547
                  Xunjie Energy (Wuhan) Co., Ltd.                           90,132         111,875            37,603
                  Jianglai Advanced Manufacturing Technology
                    (Anhui) Co., Ltd.                                              –              –           32,213
                  Shanghai VTA Technology Co., Ltd.                                –              –            2,485
                  Wuhan Weineng Battery Assets Co., Ltd. and
                    its subsidiary                                                 –              –               8
                  Total                                                  1,066,832       1,247,467        293,779


              (iv) Sales of goods

                                                                            For the Year Ended December 31,

                                                                                2022          2023             2024

                  Wuhan Weineng Battery Assets Co., Ltd. and
                    its subsidiary                                       3,103,871       1,457,500       9,848,487
                  Blue Horizon Limited and its subsidiaries                        –              –           69,447
                  Shanghai Weishang Business Consulting Co., Ltd.                229            199             331
                  Hefei Chuangwei Information Consultation
                    Co., Ltd.                                                   1,798           194               –
                  Total                                                  3,105,898       1,457,893       9,918,265




398   NIO Inc.
                                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                          (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




26. RELATED PARTY BALANCES AND TRANSACTIONS (continued)
  (a) The Group entered into the following significant related party transactions: (continued)

     (v) Sale of raw material or property, plant and equipment

                                                                     For the Year Ended December 31,

                                                                        2022                2023                 2024

        Shanghai VTA Technology Co., Ltd.                                    –                   –             46,779
        Kunshan Siwopu Intelligent Equipment Co., Ltd.                       –                   –              3,215
        Blue Horizon Limited and its subsidiaries                            –                   –              1,504
        Wuhan Weineng Battery Assets Co., Ltd. and
          its subsidiary                                               1,012                5,597                    7
        Total                                                          1,012                5,597              51,505


     (vi) Convertible notes issued to related parties and interest accrual

                                                                     For the Year Ended December 31,

                                                                        2022                2023                 2024

        Huang River Investment Limited                                13,712              11,234                     –


  (b) The Group had the following significant related party balances:

     (i) Amounts due from related parties

                                                                                  December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                            2023                 2024

        Wuhan Weineng Battery Assets Co., Ltd. and its subsidiary                     1,714,659            7,622,041
        Blue Horizon Limited and its subsidiaries                                                –             72,636
        Forseven Limited and its affiliate                                                       –             11,749
        Kunshan Siwopu Intelligent Equipment Co., Ltd.                                    13,050                3,633
        Hefei Chuang Wei Information Consultation Co., Ltd.                                 2,249               2,249
        Nanjing Weibang Transmission Technology Co., Ltd.                                   1,440                 238
        Expected credit losses                                                             (8,795)            (10,142)
        Total                                                                         1,722,603            7,702,404




                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024         399
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      26. RELATED PARTY BALANCES AND TRANSACTIONS (continued)
          (b) The Group had the following significant related party balances: (continued)

              (ii) Amounts due to related parties

                                                                                     December 31,     December 31,
                                                                                              2023           2024

                  Forseven Limited and its affiliate                                             –         272,563
                  Beijing WeLion New Energy Technology Co., Ltd.                             25,843         66,477
                  Kunshan Siwopu Intelligent Equipment Co., Ltd.                            358,083         29,658
                  Xunjie Energy (Wuhan) Co., Ltd.                                            75,157         17,409
                  Wuhan Weineng Battery Assets Co., Ltd. and its subsidiary                  60,187          9,634
                  Tianjin Tengyi Information Technology Co., Ltd.                             6,200          8,575
                  Nanjing Weibang Transmission Technology Co., Ltd.                          16,099          2,630
                  Shanghai VTA Technology Co., Ltd.                                              –           1,932
                  Jianglai Advanced Manufacturing Technology (Anhui) Co., Ltd.               19,869           281
                  Shanghai Weishang Business Consulting Co., Ltd.                              187            133
                  Blue Horizon Limited and its subsidiaries                                      –             71
                  Total                                                                     561,625        409,363


              (iii) Short-term borrowing and interest payable

                                                                                     December 31,     December 31,
                                                                                              2023           2024

                  Huang River Investment Limited                                            216,465             –


              (iv) Amount due to related parties, non-current

                                                                                     December 31,     December 31,
                                                                                              2023           2024

                  Forseven Limited and its affiliate                                             –         251,032
                  Wuhan Weineng Battery Assets Co., Ltd. and its subsidiary                      –          78,460
                  Total                                                                          –         329,492




400   NIO Inc.
                                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                          (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




27. COMMITMENT AND CONTINGENCIES
  (a) Capital commitments

     Capital expenditures contracted for at the balance sheet dates but not recognized in the Group’s
     consolidated financial statements are as follows:


                                                                                        As of December 31,

                                                                                            2023                 2024

     Property, plant and equipment                                                    5,465,192            5,896,469
     Leasehold improvements                                                              552,626             527,363
     Total                                                                            6,017,818            6,423,832


  (b) Contingencies

     Between March and July 2019, several securities class action lawsuits were filed against the Company,
     certain of the Group’s directors and officers, the underwriters in the IPO and the process agent. Some
     of these actions have been withdrawn, transferred, consolidated or dismissed. One action commenced
     during the aforementioned time period remains pending, under the caption In re NIO, Inc. Securities
     Litigation, 1:19-cv-01424, in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of New York (E.D.N.Y.). The
     plaintiffs in this case allege, in sum and substance, that the Group’s statements in the registration
     statement and/or other public statements were false or misleading and in violation of the U.S. federal
     securities laws. The Court denied the Group’s motion to dismiss in August 2021, and granted plaintiffs’
     motion for class certification in August 2023. Fact discovery and expert disclosures remain ongoing.
     Summary judgment briefing is ongoing.


     Between August and September 2022, two complaints were filed against the Company, its CEO and
     its CFO in the federal district court for the Southern District of New York (S.D.N.Y.), in the actions
     captioned Saye v. NIO Inc. et al., Case No. 1:22-cv-07252 (S.D.N.Y.) and Bohonok v. NIO Inc. et al., Case
     No. 1:22-cv-07666 (S.D.N.Y.). Relying on a short seller report, these complaints allege that certain of the
     Group’s public disclosures between August 2020 and July 2022 contained false statements or omissions
     in violation of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. On December 14, 2022, the Court consolidated the
     two actions and appointed a lead plaintiff. Briefing on the Group’s motion to dismiss was completed on
     July 31, 2023. As of December 31, 2024, no decision was made on this motion.




                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024         401
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      27. COMMITMENT AND CONTINGENCIES (continued)
          (b) Contingencies (continued)

              The aforementioned actions remain in their preliminary stages. The Group is currently unable to
              determine the outcomes of these actions or any estimate of the amount or range of any potential loss, if
              any, associated with resolution of such lawsuits, if they proceed.


              The Group is subject to legal proceedings and regulatory actions in the ordinary course of business,
              such as disputes with landlords, suppliers, employees, etc. The results of such proceedings cannot be
              predicted with certainty, but the Group does not anticipate that the final outcome arising out of any of
              such matters will have a material adverse effect on the consolidated balance sheets, comprehensive loss
              or cash flows on an individual basis or in the aggregate. As of December 31, 2023 and 2024, other than as
              disclosed above, the Group is not a party to any material legal or administrative proceedings.


      28. SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
          On April 7, 2025, the Company has completed the offering of 136,800,000 class A ordinary shares of the
          Company at an offering price of HK$29.46 per share, with total offering consideration of HK$4,030.1 million.


      29. PARENT COMPANY (THE “COMPANY”) ONLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION
          The Company performed a test on the restricted net assets of its consolidated subsidiaries and VIEs in
          accordance with Securities and Exchange Commission Regulation S-X Rule 4-08 (e) (3), “General Notes
          to Financial Statements” and concluded that it was applicable for the Company to disclose the financial
          information for the Company only.


          The subsidiaries did not pay any dividends to the Company for the years presented. Certain information
          and footnote disclosures generally included in financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP
          have been omitted. The footnote disclosures contain supplemental information relating to the operations of
          the Company, as such, these statements are not the general-purpose financial statements of the reporting
          entity and should be read in conjunction with the notes to the consolidated financial statements of the
          Company.


          The Company did not have significant capital and other commitments, or guarantees as of December 31,
          2024.




402   NIO Inc.
                                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                     (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




29. PARENT COMPANY (THE “COMPANY”) ONLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION (continued)
  Condensed Balance Sheets

                                                                         As of December 31,

                                                                   2023                2024                 2024

                                                                   RMB                  RMB                  US$
                                                                                                       Note 2(e)

  ASSETS
  Current assets:
  Cash and cash equivalents                                22,676,489            4,451,772              609,890
  Short-term investments                                     1,499,939                      –                   –
  Amounts due from subsidiaries of the Company             15,453,012           20,952,738            2,870,513
  Amounts due from related parties                                    89               1,701                 233
  Prepayments and other current assets                           70,356              23,727                3,251
  Total current assets                                     39,699,885           25,429,938            3,483,887
  Non-current assets:
  Investments in subsidiaries and VIEs                       2,783,143                      –                   –
  Total non-current assets                                   2,783,143                      –                   –
  Total assets                                             42,483,028           25,429,938            3,483,887

  LIABILITIES
  Current liabilities:
  Amounts due to subsidiaries of the Company                 1,928,100           1,620,646              222,028
  Current portion of long-term borrowings                    3,286,640           2,706,285              370,760
  Accruals and other liabilities                               146,330              123,833               16,965
  Total current liabilities                                  5,361,070           4,450,764              609,753
  Deficits of investments in subsidiaries and VIEs                     –         6,845,155              937,782
  Long-term borrowings                                     11,575,725            8,166,996            1,118,874
  Total non-current liabilities                            11,575,725           15,012,151            2,056,656
  Total liabilities                                        16,936,795           19,462,915            2,666,409

  SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY
  Class A Ordinary Shares                                         3,368                3,406                 467
  Class C Ordinary Shares                                           254                  254                   35
  Treasury shares                                           (1,849,600)            (239,328)             (32,788)
  Additional paid in capital                              117,717,254         118,688,242           16,260,222
  Accumulated other comprehensive loss                         432,991              582,659               79,823
  Accumulated deficit                                      (90,758,034)      (113,068,210)         (15,490,281)
  Total shareholders’ equity                               25,546,233            5,967,023              817,478
  Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity               42,483,028           25,429,938            3,483,887




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2024         403
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      29. PARENT COMPANY (THE “COMPANY”) ONLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION (continued)
          Condensed Statements of Comprehensive Loss

                                                                                  For the Year ended December 31,

                                                                              2022           2023           2024          2024

                                                                              RMB            RMB            RMB            US$
                                                                                                                      Note 2(e)

          Operating expenses:
          Selling, general and administrative                               (24,039)       (99,587)     (104,001)       (14,248)
          Total operating expenses                                          (24,039)       (99,587)     (104,001)       (14,248)
          Loss from operations                                              (24,039)       (99,587)     (104,001)       (14,248)
          Interest and investment income                                   207,057        524,173        522,799        71,623
          Interest expense                                                (113,277)      (207,649)      (392,179)       (53,728)
          Gain on extinguishment of debt                                   138,332        170,193          (4,480)         (614)
          Equity in loss of subsidiaries and VIEs                       (14,138,689)   (21,349,555)   (22,287,129)   (3,053,323)
          Other income/(loss), net                                        (351,874)       121,800          (9,479)       (1,300)
          Loss before income tax expense                                (14,282,490)   (20,840,625)   (22,274,469)   (3,051,590)
          Income tax benefit/(expense)                                        2,400         (3,179)       (35,707)       (4,892)
          Net loss                                                      (14,280,090)   (20,843,804)   (22,310,176)   (3,056,482)
          Accretion on redeemable non-controlling
            interests to redemption value                                 (279,355)      (303,163)      (347,516)       (47,609)
          Net loss attributable to ordinary
            shareholders of NIO Inc.                                    (14,559,445)   (21,146,967)   (22,657,692)   (3,104,091)

          Net loss                                                      (14,280,090)   (20,843,804)   (22,310,176)   (3,056,482)
          Total comprehensive loss                                      (12,967,779)   (21,446,824)   (22,160,508)   (3,035,978)
          Accretion on redeemable non-controlling
            interests to redemption value                                 (279,355)      (303,163)      (347,516)       (47,609)
          Comprehensive loss attributable to
            ordinary shareholders of NIO Inc.                           (13,247,134)   (21,749,987)   (22,508,024)   (3,083,587)




404   NIO Inc.
                                   NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                             (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




29. PARENT COMPANY (THE “COMPANY”) ONLY FINANCIAL INFORMATION (continued)
  Condensed Statements of Cash Flows

                                                                   For The Year ended December 31,

                                                              2022              2023              2024              2024

                                                              RMB               RMB               RMB                US$
                                                                                                               Note 2(e)

  CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
  Net cash used in operating activities              (4,949,308)         (8,262,167)       (5,348,151)         (732,694)
  CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
  Net cash (used in)/provided by investing
    activities                                        9,140,766          (1,972,672)       (9,838,095)       (1,347,813)
  CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
  Net cash provided by/(used in) financing
    activities                                       (1,135,316)        25,782,226         (3,190,866)         (437,147)
  Effects of exchange rate changes on cash, cash
    equivalents and restricted cash                     689,465               52,552          152,395             20,878
  NET (DECREASE)/INCREASE IN CASH, CASH
    EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH                   3,745,607         15,599,939       (18,224,717)        (2,496,776)
  Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at
    beginning of the year                             3,330,943           7,076,550       22,676,489          3,106,666
  Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at
    end of the year                                   7,076,550         22,676,489          4,451,772           609,890


  Basis of presentation

  The Company’s accounting policies are the same as the Group’s accounting policies with the exception of the
  accounting for the investments in subsidiaries and VIEs.


  For the company only financial information, the Company records its investments in subsidiaries and VIEs
  under the equity method of accounting as prescribed in ASC 323, Investments – Equity Method and Joint
  Ventures.


  Such investments are presented on the Balance Sheets as “Investments in subsidiaries and VIEs” and
  shares in the subsidiaries and VIEs’ loss are presented as “Equity in loss of subsidiaries and VIEs” on the
  Statements of Comprehensive Loss. The parent company only financial information should be read in
  conjunction with the Group’s consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2024         405
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      30. RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING
          STANDARDS
          The consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP, which differ in certain
          respects from International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS Accounting Standards”). The effects of
          material differences between the consolidated financial statements of the Group prepared under U.S. GAAP
          and IFRS Accounting Standards are as follows:


          Reconciliation of consolidated statements of comprehensive loss
                                                                                                                 For the year ended December 31, 2024
                                                                                                                                                                                                     Amounts
                                                    Amounts                                                                                                                                        under IFRS
          Consolidated Statement of                under U.S.                                                                                                                                      Accounting
          Comprehensive Loss data                      GAAP                                                                  IFRS adjustments                                                       Standards
                                                                                                                         RMB (in thousands)
                                                                                                                                                Equity
                                                                                                   Derivative                              securities
                                                                                                    financial Redeemable                      without
                                                                                                 instrument-         non-    Available-        readily
                                                                  Share-based     Convertible     capped call controlling for-sale debt determinable                     Warranty
                                                                 compensation          notes          options    interests   securities     fair value       Leases       Accrual      Software
                                                                       Note (i)      Note (ii)       Note (iii)   Note (iv)    Note (v)      Note (vi)      Note (vii)   Note (viii)   Note (ix)
          Cost of revenues                        (59,238,797)          28,012              –             –              –               –              –    196,458       256,152            –    (58,758,175)
          Research and development                (13,037,304)         442,588              –             –              –               –              –     35,570             –            –    (12,559,146)
          Selling, general and administrative     (15,741,057)         195,164              –             –              –               –              –    219,351             –            –    (15,326,542)
          Loss from operations                    (21,874,073)         665,764              –             –              –               –              –    451,379       256,152            –    (20,500,778)
          Interest and investment income/(loss)      853,728                 –       (43,867)             –              –               –          286            –             –            –        810,147
          Interest expenses                         (798,363)                –       392,179              –       (347,516)              –            –     (581,432)     (139,769)           –     (1,474,901)
          Loss on extinguishment of debt              (4,480)                –         4,480              –              –               –            –            –             –            –              –
          Fair value changes on financial
            instruments measured at
            fair value through profit or loss              –                 –              –        (49,838)            –               –              –           –             –           –        (49,838)
          Fair value changes of
            convertible notes                              –                 –     1,634,644              –              –               –              –           –             –           –     1,634,644
          Loss before income tax expense          (22,424,524)         665,764     1,987,436         (49,838)     (347,516)              –          286     (130,053)      116,383            –    (20,182,062)
          Net loss                                (22,401,709)         665,764     1,987,436         (49,838)     (347,516)              –          286     (130,053)      116,383            –    (20,159,247)
          Fair value change on convertible
            notes due to own credit risk                   –                 –        (82,490)            –              –               –              –           –             –           –        (82,490)
          Changes in the fair value of
            equity instruments at fair value
            through other comprehensive
            income or loss                                 –                 –              –             –              –               –         (286)            –             –           –           (286)
          Total other comprehensive income           149,668                 –        (82,490)            –              –                         (286)            –             –           –        66,892
          Total comprehensive loss                (22,252,041)         665,764     1,904,946         (49,838)     (347,516)              –              –   (130,053)      116,383            –    (20,092,355)
          Accretion on redeemable non-
            controlling interests to
            redemption value                        (347,516)                –              –             –       347,516                –              –           –             –           –             –
          Comprehensive loss attributable to
            ordinary shareholders of NIO Inc.     (22,508,024)         665,764     1,904,946         (49,838)            –               –              –   (130,053)      116,383            –    (20,000,822)




406   NIO Inc.
                                                                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                              (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




30. RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING
    STANDARDS (continued)
  Reconciliation of consolidated statements of comprehensive loss (continued)
                                                                                                          For the year ended December 31, 2023
                                          Amounts as                                                                                                                                             Amounts
                                            reported                                                                                                                                           under IFRS
  Consolidated Statement of                under U.S.                                                                                                                                          Accounting
  Comprehensive Loss data                      GAAP                                                                   IFRS adjustments                                                          Standards
                                                                                                                   RMB (in thousands)
                                                                                                                                                 Equity
                                                                                          Derivative                                        securities
                                                                                           financial    Redeemable                             without
                                                                                        instrument-            non-     Available-              readily
                                                          Share-based     Convertible    capped call     controlling for-sale debt       determinable                 Warranty
                                                         compensation          notes         options       interests    securities           fair value    Leases      Accrual     Software
                                                               Note(i)       Note(ii)       Note(iii)        Note(iv)      Note(v)             Note(vi)   Note(vii)   Note(viii)    Note(ix)
  Cost of revenues                        (52,566,137)           2,050             –               –              –                –                 –    193,715      175,612            –    (52,194,760)
  Research and development                (13,431,399)         (83,108)            –               –              –                –                 –     48,812            –            –    (13,465,695)
  Selling, general and administrative     (12,884,556)           3,267             –               –              –                –                 –    159,889            –            –    (12,721,400)
  Loss from operations                    (22,655,184)         (77,791)            –               –              –                –                 –    402,416      175,612            –    (22,154,947)
  Interest and investment income           2,210,018                 –       170,193               –              –         (977,294)            4,988           –           –            –      1,407,905
  Interest expenses                         (403,530)                –       207,649               –       (303,163)               –                 –    (503,722)   (103,556)           –     (1,106,322)
  Gain on extinguishment of debt             170,193                 –      (170,193)              –              –                –                 –           –           –            –              –
  Fair value changes on financial
    instruments measured at
    fair value through profit or loss               –                –             –       (247,115)              –                –                 –           –            –           –      (247,115)
  Fair value changes of
    convertible notes                               –                –    (1,993,440)              –              –                –                 –           –            –           –     (1,993,440)
  Loss before income tax expense          (20,458,918)         (77,791)   (1,785,791)      (247,115)       (303,163)        (977,294)            4,988    (101,306)     72,056            –    (23,874,334)
  Income tax expense                        (260,835)                –             –               –              –         206,734                  –           –            –           –        (54,101)
  Net loss                                (20,719,753)         (77,791)   (1,785,791)      (247,115)       (303,163)        (770,560)            4,988    (101,306)     72,056            –    (23,928,435)
  Change in unrealized gains related to
    available-for-sale debt securities,
    net of tax                              (770,560)                –             –               –              –         770,560                  –           –            –           –              –
  Fair value change on convertible
    notes due to own credit risk                    –                –       314,015               –              –                –                 –           –            –           –       314,015
  Changes in the fair value of
    equity instruments at fair value
    through other comprehensive
    income or loss                                  –                –             –               –              –                –            (4,988)          –            –           –         (4,988)
  Total other comprehensive income          (759,046)                –       314,015               –              –         770,560             (4,988)          –            –           –       320,541
  Total comprehensive loss                (21,478,799)         (77,791)   (1,471,776)      (247,115)       (303,163)               –                 –    (101,306)     72,056            –    (23,607,894)
  Accretion on redeemable non-
    controlling interests to
    redemption value                        (303,163)                –             –               –       303,163                 –                 –           –            –           –              –
  Comprehensive loss attributable to
    ordinary shareholders of NIO Inc.     (21,749,987)         (77,791)   (1,471,776)      (247,115)              –                –                 –    (101,306)     72,056            –    (23,575,919)




                                                                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2024                   407
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      30. RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING
          STANDARDS (continued)
          Reconciliation of consolidated statements of comprehensive loss (continued)
                                                                                                                  For the year ended December 31, 2022
                                                  Amounts as                                                                                                                                             Amounts
                                                    reported                                                                                                                                           under IFRS
          Consolidated Statement of                under U.S.                                                                                                                                          Accounting
          Comprehensive Loss data                      GAAP                                                                   IFRS adjustments                                                          Standards
                                                                                                                           RMB (in thousands)
                                                                                                                                                         Equity
                                                                                                  Derivative                                        securities
                                                                                                   financial    Redeemable                             without
                                                                                                instrument-            non-     Available-              readily
                                                                  Share-based     Convertible    capped call     controlling for-sale debt       determinable                 Warranty
                                                                 compensation          notes         options       interests    securities           fair value    Leases      Accrual     Software
                                                                       Note(i)       Note(ii)       Note(iii)        Note(iv)      Note(v)             Note(vi)   Note(vii)   Note(viii)    Note(ix)
          Cost of revenues                        (44,124,568)         (96,044)            –               –              –                –                 –     49,491      196,447            –    (43,974,674)
          Research and development                (10,836,261)        (621,641)            –               –              –                –                 –     13,484            –            –    (11,444,418)
          Selling, general and administrative     (10,537,119)        (251,235)            –               –              –                –                 –    128,557            –            –    (10,659,797)
          Loss from operations                    (15,640,659)       (968,920)             –               –              –                –                 –    191,532      196,447            –    (16,221,600)
          Interest and investment income           1,358,719                 –       138,332               –              –                –             2,652           –           –            –     1,499,703
          Interest expenses                         (333,216)                –       113,277               –       (279,355)               –                 –    (296,443)    (77,766)           –      (873,503)
          Gain on extinguishment of debt             138,332                 –      (138,332)              –              –                –                 –           –           –            –             –
          Fair value changes on financial
            instruments measured at
            fair value through profit or loss               –                –             –       (313,256)              –         946,571                  –           –            –           –       633,315
          Fair value changes of
            convertible notes                               –                –     3,898,749               –              –                –                 –           –            –           –     3,898,749
          Loss before income tax expense          (14,382,001)       (968,920)     4,012,026       (313,256)       (279,355)        946,571              2,652    (104,911)    118,681            –    (10,968,513)
          Income tax expense                          (55,103)               –             –               –              –         (200,235)                –           –            –           –      (255,338)
          Net loss                                (14,437,104)       (968,920)     4,012,026       (313,256)       (279,355)        746,336              2,652    (104,911)    118,681            –    (11,223,851)
          Change in unrealized gains related to
            available-for-sale debt securities,
            net of tax                               746,336                 –             –               –              –         (746,336)                –           –            –           –              –
          Fair value change on convertible
            notes due to own credit risk                    –                –       202,370               –              –                –                 –           –            –           –       202,370
          Changes in the fair value of equity
            instruments at fair value through
            other comprehensive income                      –                –             –               –              –                –            (2,652)          –            –           –         (2,652)
          Total other comprehensive income         1,463,610                 –       202,370               –              –         (746,336)           (2,652)          –            –           –       916,992
          Total comprehensive loss                (12,973,494)       (968,920)     4,214,396       (313,256)       (279,355)               –                 –    (104,911)    118,681            –    (10,306,859)
          Accretion on redeemable non-
            controlling interests to
            redemption value                        (279,355)                –             –               –       279,355                 –                 –           –            –           –              –
          Comprehensive loss attributable to
            ordinary shareholders of NIO Inc.     (13,247,134)       (968,920)     4,214,396       (313,256)              –                –                 –    (104,911)    118,681            –    (10,301,144)




408   NIO Inc.
                                                                  NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                            (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




30. RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING
    STANDARDS (continued)
  Reconciliation of consolidated balance sheets
                                                                                                              As of December 31, 2024
                                          Amounts as                                                                                                                                       Amounts
                                            reported                                                                                                                                     under IFRS
                                           under U.S.                                                                                                                                    Accounting
  Consolidated Balance Sheet data              GAAP                                                                 IFRS adjustments                                                      Standards
                                                                                                                RMB (in thousands)
                                                                                                                                       Equity
                                                                                          Derivative                              securities
                                                                                           financial Redeemable                      without
                                                                                        instrument-         non-    Available-        readily
                                                          Share-based     Convertible    capped call controlling for-sale debt determinable                     Warranty
                                                         compensation          notes         options    interests   securities     fair value        Leases      Accrual     Software
                                                               Note(i)       Note(ii)       Note(iii)    Note(iv)      Note(v)       Note(vi)       Note(vii)   Note(viii)    Note(ix)
  Prepayments and other
    current assets                          3,632,956               –              –              –      500,000                 –             –           –            –           –      4,132,956
  Financial assets at fair value
    through profit or loss                          –               –              –              –            –          173,918              –           –            –           –       173,918
  Financial assets at fair value
    through other comprehensive
    income or loss                                 –                –              –              –            –                 –       504,282           –            –           –        504,282
  Property, plant and equipment, net      25,892,904                –              –              –            –                 –             –           –            –    (361,781)    25,531,123
  Intangible assets, net                      29,648                –              –              –            –                 –             –           –            –     361,781        391,429
  Long-term investments                    3,126,007                –              –              –            –          (173,918)     (504,282)          –            –           –      2,447,807
  Right-of-use assets                     12,797,158                –              –              –            –                 –             –    (426,412)           –           –     12,370,746
  Total assets                           107,604,612                –              –              –      500,000                 –             –    (426,412)           –           –    107,678,200
  Current portion of long-term
    borrowings                             3,397,622                –     (2,706,285)             –            –                 –             –           –            –           –        691,337
  Accruals and other liabilities          16,041,079                –        (79,457)             –            –                 –             –           –            –           –     15,961,622
  Financial liabilities at fair value
    through profit or loss                          –               –      8,949,938              –            –                 –             –           –            –           –      8,949,938
  Financial liabilities measured at
    amortized cost                                 –                –              –              –     7,941,997                –             –           –           –            –      7,941,997
  Long-term borrowings                    11,440,755                –     (8,166,996)             –             –                –             –           –           –            –      3,273,759
  Other non-current liabilities            8,628,596                –              –              –             –                –             –           –    (700,762)           –      7,927,834
  Total liabilities                       94,098,069                –     (2,002,800)             –     7,941,997                –             –           –    (700,762)           –     99,336,504
  Redeemable non-controlling interests      7,441,997               –              –              –    (7,441,997)               –             –           –            –           –             –
  MEZZANINE EQUITY                          7,441,997               –              –              –    (7,441,997)               –             –           –            –           –             –
  Additional paid-in capital             118,688,242         1,234,108             –       (614,849)    8,018,170                –             –           –            –           –    127,325,671
  Accumulated other
    comprehensive loss                        582,659                –      (608,711)            –              –                –        86,785           –           –            –       60,733
  Accumulated deficit                    (113,068,210)      (1,234,108)    2,611,511       614,849     (8,018,170)               –       (86,785)   (426,412)    700,762            – (118,906,563)
  Total shareholders’ equity                6,064,546               –      2,002,800              –            –                 –             –    (426,412)    700,762            –      8,341,696




                                                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024                  409
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      30. RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING
          STANDARDS (continued)
          Reconciliation of consolidated balance sheets (continued)
                                                                                                                        As of December 31, 2023
                                                 Amounts as                                                                                                                                               Amounts
                                                   reported                                                                                                                                             under IFRS
          Consolidated Balance                    under U.S.                                                                                                                                            Accounting
          Sheet data                                  GAAP                                                                    IFRS adjustments                                                           Standards
                                                                                                                           RMB (in thousands)
                                                                                                                                                         Equity
                                                                                                  Derivative                                        securities
                                                                                                   financial    Redeemable                             without
                                                                                                instrument-            non-     Available-              readily
                                                                 Share-based     Convertible     capped call     controlling for-sale debt       determinable                 Warranty
                                                                compensation          notes          options       interests    securities           fair value    Leases      Accrual     Software
                                                                      Note(i)       Note(ii)        Note(iii)        Note(iv)      Note(v)             Note(vi)   Note(vii)   Note(viii)    Note(ix)
          Financial assets at fair value
            through profit or loss                         –                –              –               –              –         120,000                  –           –            –           –       120,000
          Financial assets at fair value
            through other comprehensive
            income or loss                                 –                –              –              –               –                –          391,205            –            –           –        391,205
          Property, plant and equipment, net      24,847,004                –              –              –               –                –                –            –            –    (593,797)    24,253,207
          Intangible assets, net                      29,648                –              –              –               –                –                –            –            –     593,797        623,445
          Long-term investments                    5,487,216                –              –              –               –         (120,000)        (391,205)           –            –           –      4,976,011
          Right-of-use assets                     11,404,116                –              –              –               –                –                –     (296,359)           –           –     11,107,757
          Derivative financial instruments                 –                –              –         49,838               –                –                –            –            –           –         49,838
          Total assets                           117,383,202                –              –         49,838               –                –                 –    (296,359)           –           –    117,136,681
          Current portion of long-term
            borrowings                             4,736,087                –     (3,286,640)              –              –                –                 –           –            –           –      1,449,447
          Accruals and other liabilities          15,556,354                –       (124,627)              –              –                –                 –           –            –           –     15,431,727
          Financial liabilities at fair value
            through profit or loss                         –                –    14,889,138                –              –                –                 –           –            –           –     14,889,138
          Financial liabilities measured at
            amortized cost                                 –                –              –               –      3,860,384                –                 –                                           3,860,384
          Long-term borrowings                    13,042,861                –    (11,575,725)              –              –                –                 –           –           –            –      1,467,136
          Other non-current liabilities            6,663,805                –              –               –              –                –                 –           –    (584,379)           –      6,079,426
          Total liabilities                       87,787,186                –        (97,854)              –      3,860,384                –                 –           –    (584,379)           –     90,965,337
          Redeemable non-controlling interests     3,860,384                –              –               –     (3,860,384)               –                 –           –            –           –              –
          MEZZANINE EQUITY                         3,860,384                –              –               –     (3,860,384)               –                 –           –            –           –              –
          Additional paid-in capital             117,717,254       1,899,872               –       (614,849)      7,670,654                –                 –           –            –           –    126,672,931
          Accumulated other
            comprehensive loss                       432,991                –      (450,601)              –               –                –            87,071           –           –            –         69,461
          Accumulated deficit                    (90,758,034)      (1,899,872)      548,455         664,687      (7,670,654)               –           (87,071)   (296,359)    584,379            –    (98,914,469)
          Total shareholders’ equity              25,735,632                –        97,854          49,838               –                –                 –    (296,359)    584,379            –     26,171,344




410   NIO Inc.
                                              NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




30. RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING
    STANDARDS (continued)
  Reconciliation of consolidated balance sheets (continued)
  Notes:

  (i)   Share-based compensation

        Under U.S. GAAP, the Group has elected to recognize compensation expense using the straight-line method for all employee equity
        awards granted with graded vesting over the requisite service period.


        Under IFRS Accounting Standards, the graded vesting method is required to recognize compensation expense for all employee equity
        awards granted with graded vesting.

  (ii) Convertible notes

        Under U.S. GAAP, the convertible notes are measured at amortized cost, with any difference between the initial carrying value and the
        repayment amount recognized as interest expense using effective interest method over the period from issuance date to maturity date.

        Under IFRS Accounting Standards, the Group’s convertible notes are designated as at fair value through profit or loss such that the
        convertible notes are initially recognized at fair value. Subsequent to initial recognition, the amounts of changes in fair value of the
        convertible notes that are attributed to changes in own credit risk are presented in other comprehensive income and the remaining fair
        value changes are presented in the profit or loss.

  (iii) Derivative financial instruments-capped call options

        Under U.S. GAAP, the costs for the capped call options are recorded as deduction of additional paid-in capital within total shareholders’
        deficit.

        Under IFRS Accounting Standards, the capped call options are recognized as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss such
        that they are initially recognized at fair value and subsequent to initial recognition, the amounts of changes in fair value are recognized
        in the profit or loss.

  (iv) Redeemable non-controlling interests

        Under U.S. GAAP, SEC guidance provides for mezzanine-equity (temporary equity) category in addition to the financial liability and
        permanent equity categories. The purpose of this “in-between” category is to indicate that a security may not be a permanent part of
        equity. The Group classifies the redeemable non-controlling interests as mezzanine equity in the consolidated balance sheets and
        are recorded initially at fair value, net of issuance costs. The Group recognizes accretion to the respective redemption value of the
        redeemable non-controlling interests over the period starting from issuance date to the earliest redemption date. In addition, the
        Group recognizes the receivables from a redeemable non-controlling shareholder as a reduction of mezzanine equity.

        Under IFRS Accounting Standards, the Group’s obligation to purchase its own equity instruments for cash is recognized as a financial
        liability initially at the present value of the redemption amount and reclassified from equity. Subsequently, the financial liability
        is measured at amortized cost using the effective interest rate method. In addition, the Group recognizes the receivables from a
        redeemable non-controlling shareholder in assets given the Group has a contractual right to receive cash.

  (v) Available-for-sale debt securities

        Under U.S. GAAP, the available-for-sale debt securities classified within Level 3 are valued based on a model utilizing unobservable
        inputs which require significant management judgment and estimation. The Group reports available-for-sale debt securities at fair
        value at each balance sheet date with the aggregate unrealized gains and losses, net of tax, reflected in other comprehensive income.

        Under IFRS Accounting Standards, since those debt investments could not meet the definition of the equity instrument from the
        perspective of issuer, and the contractual cashflow of these financial assets does not represent solely payments of principal and
        interest, thus they should be reclassified from long-term investments to financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss
        such that they are initially recognized at fair values and subsequent to initial recognition, the amounts of changes in fair value are
        recognized in the profit or loss.




                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2024            411
      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      (All amounts in thousands, except for share and per share data)




      30. RECONCILIATION BETWEEN U.S. GAAP AND INTERNATIONAL FINANCIAL REPORTING
          STANDARDS (continued)
          Reconciliation of consolidated balance sheets (continued)
          Notes: (continued)

          (vi) Equity securities without readily determinable fair value

              Under U.S. GAAP, the Group elected to measure an equity security without a readily determinable fair value using a measurement
              alternative that measures the securities at cost minus impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting from subsequent qualifying
              observable price changes.


              Under IFRS Accounting Standards, the Group elected to measure the investments in equity instruments at fair value through other
              comprehensive income or loss (FVOCI). Fair value changes of these investments were recognized in the other comprehensive income or
              loss.


          (vii) Leases

              Under U.S. GAAP, for operating leases, the amortization of right-of-use assets and the interest expense element of lease liabilities are
              recorded together as lease expenses, which results in a straight-line recognition effect in profit or loss.


              Under IFRS Accounting Standards, the right-of-use assets are generally depreciated on a straight-line basis while the interest expense
              related to the lease liabilities are measured under the effective interest method, which results in higher expenses in earlier periods and
              lower expenses in later periods. The amortization of the right-of-use assets is recorded as lease expense and the interest expense is
              required to be presented in separate line item.

          (viii) Warranty accrual

              Under U.S. GAAP, the Group elected to record the warranty accrual without considering the discount impact given that the timing of
              cash payments for the warranty accrual is not fixed or determinable by the Group.

              Under IFRS Accounting Standards, there is not an accounting policy choice and the initial amount of the warranty accrual is the present
              value of the anticipated cash flows expected to be required to settle the obligation. The carrying amount of the warranty accrual
              increases in each period to reflect the passage of time with said increase recognized as an interest expense.

          (ix) Software

              Under U.S. GAAP, software is not presented as intangible assets and so the Group records software in property, plant and equipment.

              Under IFRS Accounting Standards, software is reported under the intangible assets category. Accordingly, software is reclassified from
              property, plant and equipment to intangible assets.




412   NIO Inc.
nio.com
